

thehouseshop | the uk property marketplace | find & advertise property























buyproperties for salenew homes for salesurvey quotesmortgage advicebuyer blogsupportrentproperties to rentflatshare / single roomsrenters insurancehome move assistantend of tenancy cleaningrenters blogsupportselladvertise my propertyonline property valuationaccessible propertyfree professional valuationcompare estate agentscompare online agentstop online agentsmortgage adviceseller blogsupportlandlordlandlord servicesadvertise my propertyaccessible propertytenant referencingfree tenancy agreementrent guarantee insurancelandlord content insurancelandlord building insurancefree landlord advice line1 year rent paid in advancelandlord blogsupportagentagent servicesadvertise propertiesaccessible propertytenant referencingtenancy agreementrent guarantee insurancevoid managementsupportinternationalspainfranceitalygermanyunited statesother countrieslog insign inregisterestate agent registermenuthe property marketplace changing the way you find property by providing more choice buyerrentersellerlandlordvaluationsearchfind a removal company get 5 competitive removal quotes in seconds. learn morecompare surveys compare fees for home buyer reports and building surveys. learn moreconveyancing quotes organise the conveyancing for buying, selling or remortgaging. learn moremortgage advice experienced mortgage brokers who will guide you through... learn morewhy choose thehouseshop...over 19 millionvisitors per year300,000+property ads50,000+landlords & tenantsare you an agent? find out how to grow your business with a fresh source of leads and instructions. learn morewatch how it worksthe buyer find property you won't find anywhere else. the renter you'll be surprised how quick and easy it is to find your next home. the seller learn how to sell your property with zero commission. the landlord the easy way to find tenants and much more. working in association with:what our customers are saying about us...bruce i wished for an administrative matter to be dealt with and it was, with helpful explanation and guidance and very prompt action to see it completed. i was both impressed and grateful to steve.gabriela kvery satisfied with their services, do recommend!sharon wthe house shop has been professional and accommodating to my request. great customer experience, thank you! the review supersedes any previous review of this company that was made in error. see all on reviews.co.ukuseful informationwhy is it free? we are an affordable consumer-friendly website which gives you everything you need to take control of selling or renting your property. free property advertising we help you save money selling or letting property, whether you’re an estate agent, landlord or homeowner, we have a range of services tailored to your needs. we advertise all our properties on a network of prominent websites, putting your listings in front of tens of thousands of buyers and tenants every day. why it’s free to place a property advert we are growing business and we want to have the biggest possible selection of property – that’s why we don’t charge a single penny to advertise your property. how do we make money? we offer a host of paid-for optional services and we also make money from third party advertising on our site. every property listing brings us more visitors, makes our search more unique and helps us increase our advertising revenue, so it’s in our interests to offer free property ads to all our users. we are completely different from rightmove and zoopla homeowners are not allowed to list directly on other major websites such as rightmove and zoopla, instead they must go through an estate agent to gain access to these sites. we are proud to be different and offer both professionals and homeowners a place to promote properties. this helps us be unique in the market and creates a great place to search for your next home. a unique place to find property if you’re looking for a property, for sale or to rent, you’ve come to the right place. we have tens of thousands of rental properties, many of which are advertised direct from private landlords who do not use the major portals and only advertise on thehousehop.com. because our private landlords aren’t handing over any of their income to letting agents, they can offer their properties at lower prices, giving thehouseshop.com a great selection of affordable private rental properties.  discover our huge selection of apartments, flats and houses for sale, many of which you won’t find anywhere else online. unlike other property search engines, on thehouseshop.com you’ll find homes advertised from private sellers, estate and letting agents, private landlords, online agents and property developers. don’t miss out on the latest new properties! create a free property alert on thehouseshop.com to receive instant email alerts every time a new property matching your criteria is added to our site  we also offer an extensive range of accessible and disabled-access properties for sale. selling property thousands of agents and private sellers promote their homes with thehouseshop.com.  use our free online property valuation tool to help you arrive at the best selling price. we can also arrange a no obligation professional valuation to help you feel 100% confident that you’ve priced your property correctly.  by using our easy to use step-by-step property advert wizard, homeowners can create a professional property advert in less than 5 minutes. you can display up to 20 photos and locate your home on a map with google street view. we then put your property advert in front of tens of thousands of motivated buyers and all enquiries will be sent directly to you – allowing you to save money and take control of your sale. advertise rental property we are putting together hundreds of tenants with private landlords everyday. landlords can advertise their rental properties free of charge on thehouseshop.com and our network of popular property sites, giving all our landlords a cheap and effective way to rent out their properties.  more and more tenants are specifically looking for property to rent from private landlords so that they can avoid hefty letting agent fees. we offer a free to use platform for tenants and private landlords to find one another and save money renting and letting property.  we also offer a range of services to take care of all our landlords needs. from tenant referencing services to ensure you find the best possible tenants, to customisable tenancy agreements, landlord insurance products, debt recovery assistance and much more. as seen in...find propertyhouses for salehouses to letfree property advertisingsell your homelet your propertyproperty valuationfree online property valuationfree online rental calculatorcompare estate agentsprofessionalsagent servicesprivate landlord servicesaffiliate programaboutcompanycontact usin the presspress centrelet us help youhelpfaqblog & newsmajor cities and towns in the uk: select uk (a-z) select london (a-z)all images are copyright protected © 2014 -  ths group ltd registered in england and wales, registration number - 09952974, vat 234015745privacy policyterms & conditionscookie policysitemapwe use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. by continuing to use this site, you agree to the use of these cookies.find out moreagree





