


the beta journal










beta sigma phi on line - over 150,000 members worldwide 2024 





home
membership

bsp international membership form 2024
recommend a member form
online chapter form
legacy enrollment form
envoy enrollment form
envoy 2 enrollment form


theme art 2024
forms

file cabinet (forms, rituals, installations)


strawberry patch

pledge train 1 (ch 1-5)
pledge train 2 (ch 6-9, test)
a-l
m-z
party patch


legacies
sponsors
links


 






current information & updates
[bsp| torch | yardstick | programs | cookbooks | e-edition | blog | rss feed | facebook | twitter ]
share |
 

current news

...if you are interested in more information about an online chapter, would like to join an online chapter, or make up attendance with an online chapter, please email karen ing...the yardstick is available ...yardstick is online year round...
 
the forms online are being worked on.  pdfs 
recommend a prospective member

note: you can belong to an online chapter and land chapter at the same time, so you are welcome to inquire about joining by using the forms on the mobile beta journal website.  the yardstick  for 2023-2024 updated by may 16, 2024  



the right place to be - 2024 -2025 theme art
 
email notifications from international - only the torch notification is emailed to one person per chapter starting with the corresponding secretary and all members-at-large. other emails may go to different officers.

convention hostesses - attn: any city holding a convention in 2024, please check the list on the website to see if your convention is listed. if it isn't, it's because we don't have your information. in order for it to be listed we need at least the date, and location, we really need the information sheet so we can give information to members who call us for contacts. the convention information sheet is on our downloads page, you can download it, fill it in and mail, fax or scan and email it to us that way you'll get coverage available at any time on our website. we do not post contact information to protect your privacy but any member can call or email us and we can give it to them if we have it! the invitations committee meets in late january, early february to make the guest decisions for that year, if we don't have your request, you have less chance of getting your choice of guest. we can only send guests to conventions of 200 or more but we do have a drawing for the smaller conventions and the winner will receive a guest. please help us out to have your information ready for the sisters to look up! thanks. laura 
disaster relief fund consider having your chapter donate to the international disaster relief fund as funds have been depleted due to hurricanes, fires, earthquakes, and floods. https://bspinternational.org/member_home.php

 
ritual books with enlarged print - get yours today!
amazon - book of ritual (for kindle)
amazon - book of ritual (for nook)
these are our print-on-demand line of books, which are available directly from amazon
(do not call international's gift department to order these). 
the large print edition of the book of ritual is now available! you can order it directly here:
amazon - book of ritual
the large print edition of invitation to life is now available!   you can order it directly here:
amazon - invitation to life listing.

the large print book of beta sigma phi is now available!  you can order it directly here:
amazon - book of beta sigma phi listing.


think - family, sisters, extending friendship, building chapters online and in land chapters! see the friendship and share the connection using youtube

 
*it is imperative that  all recording secretaries return the blue record review form with new officers if you haven't already!  this form is how officers are coded.  even if there is no change in officers please send form with officers indicated!  thank you for your help.

submit the chapter/council minutes  online on the international website beta sigma phi
*torch facebook group: are you on facebook? if so, search for the torch of beta sigma phi facebook group and join us!
international facebook page
internationally-sanctioned facebook page --- this page features official updates, deadlines, and content from our social media team. we hope that this will be an incredible platform to showcase our sisterhood. in addition to a new facebook page, we will be asking any interactive groups/pages related to beta sigma phi (excluding chapter, council, state, and province pages) to change their audience from public to private. guidelines for these situations are below. this is simply a precaution we would like to take in keeping our traditions, rituals, and sisterhood private.  here is the url: https://www.facebook.com/beta-sigma-phi-international-139873326684812/ 


pledge training
 the strawberry patch pledge training will reflect the additional information regarding the torchbearer degree and on line chapters. please include this information with your current pledge training. 
legacy chapter
 legacies must be 18 years of age and older to join. send an e-mail to karen if interested. (the pledge ritual can be done on line if you cannot find a land chapter to perform the ritual. pledge training is all done on line if needed.)

important information about tax forms: (betasigmaphi.org) some chapters have questions about our tax status. beta sigma phi is not a tax exempt organization. most chapters do not make enough to interest the irs, and what chapters do make they spend on deductible expenses. bsp does not need to fill out the 990 form as that is for tax exempt organizations, if you have questions as to whether your chapter or council should file tax forms, please contact a local tax consultant.

who must file the irs form 990-n (e-postcard)?  federal tax-exempt organizations with gross receipts that are normally less than $25,000 per year must file the form 990-n e-postcard. local chapters of beta sigma phi are not federal tax-exempt organizations, therefore, they are not required to file form 990-n (e-postcard). for more information, including a list of entities required to file the e-postcard, click on the following link: http://www.irs.gov/charities/article/0,,id=225889,00.html?portlet=7 

yardstick 2023-2024 is available on line for submission to international with new updates for 2023-2024 you are welcome to submit the yardstick at any time. remember: the yardstick is on line year round for your convenience. 2023-2024 yardstick is available: may 16, 2024

the beta journal is connected to facebook and twitter in order to update you and others on our current events, discussions and happenings. follow us on facebook and look for our tweets on twitter. if you would like me to be a friend or neighbor, just let me know you are sister.

don't forget breast cancer awareness
susan g. komen for the cure

thank you for your support and come again.

karen m. ing, editor



you will need your member number and e-mail address in order to get into the beta sigma phi members only area beta sigma phi intl
the on line gift ordering (complete with colored photos) is available to easily select your items and place your orders gifts
 
click here for program outlines (you will need your member number and e-mail address to access the searchable form ) - available online on the international site to download and save to your computer files for those sisters needing to update their binders! you no longer need to send a request to the office to order the programs in hard copy via mail
 
yes! the rss feed is available at the bottom of this page.





donate to the disaster relief fund to help sisters needing relief from the current disasters in the u.s.  funds will go directly to our sisters!  go to http://bspinternational.org/home.php   you can both donate online and print the form. if you prefer to mail a check, print the form, fill it in, and mail the completed form in with your donation. here is how: on the donations page under more "members only,"  click the picture on the right to donate on line.  click the printer button to print the form.  it is important to note that a sister must apply in order to be reviewed and receive funds.  sisters, chapters, and councils cannot denote or mark where the portions of funding go by location when they give to the fund.  it is a fund for all sisters.  updated: 2024 - 


service department
division chairmen 

cynthia: al, ar, co, ia, mo, oh, ok, nc, sc, tn, tx
karla: fl, ga, hi, il, ks, nm, or, wa, wy, canada, greece, scotland
laura: on line chapters
vivian: ak, az, ct, dc, de, in, ky, ma, mn, md, me, mi, ms, mt, nh, nj, nv, ny, pa, ri, va, vt, wv, puerto rico, germany,  ca,  id, la, nd, ne, sd, ut, wi, austria, australia, finland, mexico, saudi arabia (director of service)

inquiries about joining an on line chapter - send an e-mail to karen




 



memory stitches
a place to remember those dearly departed sisters. the submission form to send in those sisters to be placed on the quilt is available. all photos are to be reduced and sent in jpg by e-mail.




beta shoppe
send in those chapter or council items for service or ways and means projects. there is no charge to put the items on line. the shoppe for all chapters! it's always nice to buy from a sister, chapter or council! no outside linkage, please! a  beta shoppe ii can be found on line.  look for @torch online with facebook to post your wares to sell.




theme art: 1996-2024






cruise w/ virginia lee coming soon.





 


join an organization that a lot of my friends and i enjoy. beta sigma phi are you a woman looking for new friends and fun things to do? do you enjoy a social, community service oriented group? if you answered yes, beta sigma phi is for you. just check out the web page at www.betasigmaphi.org or call 1-888-238-2221 for more information.

or

make a women's connection for friendship, for fun, & for making a difference. beta sigma phi is waiting to hear from you to help start you on your friendship journey.

www.betasigmaphi.org or call toll free 1-888-238-2221

after you have posted the information on your facebook page, send your name, member number, e-mail address, facebook page link and a copy of the information about bsp posted on your facebook page wall to the rushing department rushing-friendlyventure@betasigmaphi.org

a four (4) star rating will be given to chapters with 7 or more pledges.










yardstick 2023-2024
programs
you can download and save program outlines to your computer.


online council for on line chapters of beta sigma phi - disbanded 2020.


online chapter news


past articles
online chapter application
online legacy alpha application (8-18 years)




if you happen to be going down memory lane, note that past mascots included: rose the bear, lady sunshine the canadian rabbit, cinnamon and peppermint stix - bears, millenium dawn and surfer dude - ducks, penelope and mud pie pork pigs, panama pete the dog, hal, holly, harriet and henry moose family friends (2010-2012).
 


  


on line chapters »
 



in 1996 members began to use the internet to expand connections between beta sigma phi sisters. they talked and shared ideas then asked international if they could try to create chapters online.

international agreed to have online chapters formed as an experiment to determine if online chapters could really work and what formats the members preferred. the online chapters operated for nearly 10 years in an experimental form.

in 2005, online chapters were recognized officially, allowing members who belonged to them but were not members of an existing “land” chapter to receive degree credit for their online participation. international also allowed each online chapter to decide if they wished to be an official chapter or just a social chapter. at this time we have a mix of both officially recognized online chapters and social online chapters.

by being official, online chapters follow the rules and regulations of beta sigma phi. however, due to their uniqueness of having members from all over the world participating in these chapters, additional rules have been set up to cover their special needs.


1. full members of online chapters are those who belong only to an online chapter.
2. members who are active with “land” chapters shall be virtual members of their online chapters. they do not receive degree credit for their online chapter participation however these meetings will count as a make up meeting for their “land” chapter.
3. online chapters must hold programs in order to be accredited chapters. they should have 18 programs per year if possible but no fewer than 12 per year.
4. rituals may be held online but whenever possible, formal and in person rituals should be held.
5. online chapters may pledge members directly into their chapters and pledge train those members through online meetings.
6. online chapters are held to the same rules as all chapters of beta sigma phi with the addition of those necessary to cover their special online circumstances.
7. online chapters will send their chapter minutes and chapter monthly reports to international by mail or fax as any other beta sigma phi chapter.
8. online chapters will not have degree designation but will be multi degree chapters. members wanting to use jewelry designating their chapters should pick their own degree unless a special online chapter form is available.
9. we strongly urge online chapters not to hold treasuries due to possible oversight. if chapters wish to do large service projects, we suggest members send the money directly to the entity with the notation that it is part of the online chapter project.

the addition of online chapters has been a wonderful experience for our members and one we feel will only grow in the future.

from the 2004 edition of “the book of beta sigma phi” page 53 & courtesy of beta sigma phi international
 
online mascots»






karen m. ing, the beta journal - editor

beta journal e-mail e-edition
we no longer offer the emailed e-edition of the beta journal, updates and current sorority information can be found on our facebook page. if you tweet, follow us on twitter 
pdf journal e-edition archive.



2003

september 2003 
	on line explained
october 2003 
	on line alpha
nov/dec 2003 
	i-6, sisters memories

2004

jan/feb 2004 
mar/apr 2004 
may/june 2004 
july/aug 2004 
sept-dec 2004 

2008/2009

founder's 2008 
fall/winter 2008 
feb/mar 2009 



2005

jan/feb 2005
mar/apr 2005
summer 2005
beginning day 2005
fall 2005

2006/2007

winter 2006
spring 2006
summer 2006
fall 2006
holidays 2006
valentine 2007
founder's 2007
fall/winter 2007




beta sigma phi lofty links
women meet-up international  degrees rituals elections agendas rose garden 12 golden threads beginning day career chapter donate to the beta journal 





at your fingertips

life member donation form
intl gifts postal rates
membership market - find the links you need for membership applications



more helpful links

division chairman e-mail addresses

yearbook/valentine contest form
- sorority updates
bsp timeline



additional information

women meet up
yardstick star ratings
earlene fowler (honorary member) please recommend her books to be sold at sam's club


              

 | entries (rss) |  | beta journal by tiki services corporation 


