


bridger bowl ski area - bridger bowl ski area




        safe skiing & riding

      photo by
    larry mayerwelcome to bridger bowl!bring on the coldsmoke!
    get ready for a visit to bridger bowl and buy online!
  tickets
      – buy online and save!
    any day packsrentalslessonsbridger bowl cardspassesgift cards & gift passesbridger bowl merchandisestay in the know and download the bridger bowl app!
        app store
      
        play store
      specialty workshops
    bridger bowl is offering a number of specialty workshops for skiers and
    riders looking to hone their skills!
  
    work on a variety of techniques in a clinic led by top psia and aasi
    certified instructors.
  
        book workshops
      avy dog cards promoting safety
    join the pack and collect the bridger bowl avalanche dog trading cards! available throughout the season.
  
    fetch them by visiting a mountain host or ski patroller and demonstrating knowledge of
    safe and responsible skiing and riding.
    collect them all – safety first keeps tails waggin’ all season long!
  daily video
    browse through bridger bowl's extensive media archive with daily videos
    dating all the way back to the 2003/2004 season!
  
      video library
    cold smoke signals
        join bridger bowl's community! receive ski area information and upcoming event details.
      email address:
        subscribe
      contactfaqvideo librarymedia & pressfoundationemployment
    ski the cold smoke
    facebook
      instagram
      x (formerly twitter)
      youtube
      app store
      play store
    
    bridger bowl is operated under a special use permit with the custer gallatin national forest and is an equal
    opportunity provider.
  bridger bowl15795 bridger canyon rdbozeman, montana 59715(406) 587-2111admin@bridgerbowl.comterms of useprivacy policy
      need assistance using our website? please call (800) 223-9609bridger bowl, 15795 bridger canyon road, bozeman, montana 59715© 2025 bridger bowl and its affiliates. all rights reservedbridgerbowlskithecoldsmokeest.1955b
          ozeman,mtski & ridelessonsgearmountainweatherwho we areaccountsearch
            account
          ski & ridelift ticketspassesbuy a giftlessonsoverviewprivate lessonsgroup lessonsspecialty workshopsyouth multi-week programsadult multi-week programsgearrentalstuning & repairmerchmountaintrail mapamenitieseventsstatsgetting heresummerweathersnow reportwebcamsgrooming reportlive weathertableschartswho we arenonprofitmembershipsustainabilitycommunity
          x
        mountain safetyadult multi-week programsfind for women only, wednesday men's day and msu course information here. amenitiesinformation on lodges, restaurants, menus and other skier servicesany day packs3 days of lift access at a discount.appstay in the know, download the bridger bowl app in the apple app store or google play store!membershiporganization that helps steer bridger bowl into the future.bridger bowl cardsseason passes, lift tickets, lessons and rentals are loaded on the reusable bridger bowl card using rfid technology.bridger bowl merchget official bridger bowl merchandise here!chartsanother way to look at bridger bowl's extensive weather stations.communitycontactneed to get in touch? find hours and contact information for each department at bridger bowl.employmentlearn more about positions and working at bridger bowl. eventsfind information on the community events series and other events at the mountainfoundationfrequently asked questionsget answers to some of our most common questions. getting herelearn more about the many ways to get to the mountain.giftsgrooming reportdaily map and list of groomed trails at bridger bowl during the winter operating season. group lessonsski or ride with others of a similar ability in a group lessons. offered daily for all abilities.nonprofitlive weatherview current temps, wind speeds, snowfall and more from our many weather stations.lessonsmedia & pressmountain statisticspassesprivacy policyprivate lessonsbook a private lesson and get personalized instructions to focus on specific skill development. rentalsrequest a donationsnow reportduring the winter season, view our in depth snow report with the latest conditions and lift statussnowcheckspecialty workshopssummerbook a venue at bridger bowl for a summer eventsustainabilitylearn more about bridger bowl's action and commitment to sustainabilitytablesview weather data from the bridger weather stations. terms of useticketstuning and repairstop by the shop to speak to bridger bowl techs and ask them what they can do to show your equipment some love.trail mapview or download the bridger bowl trail mapvideo librarywatch daily videos , season highlights and other content from bridger bowlwebcamsyouth multi-week programsmogul mice, mitey mites, freeride and ridge team information located here. 



