










hurricane shutters & impact windows | sentinel storm protection












































































 














how to find us.
woodmart location.




 451 wall street, uk, london




 (064) 332-1233
 mikem@sentinelstormprotection.com
















collier county
(239) 263-9888






 





lee county
(239) 936-9697












menu





 














home
storm products


 

hurricane shutters and impact windows 

 


roll down shutters
roll screens & shades
accordions
typhoon armor



 


impact windows
storm panels
bahamas & colonials
hurricane flood panels



 

					we are dedicated to providing you with the most advanced and reliable products with swift, courteous service.				











architects & builders
our company
news
repairs
free estimates









collier county
(239) 263-9888




 



lee county
(239) 936-9697























 


hurricane shutters and storm protection
 




we provide the most advanced and reliable hurricane protection in south florida
 



					contact us today for a free in-home consultation and estimate.				


	notice: javascript is required for this content.











 


hurricane protection products
 



					at sentinel storm protection, we take pride in offering a variety of hurricane protection solutions designed to meet the unique needs of south florida homeowners and businesses. from cutting-edge impact windows, to our typhoon armor fabric, and custom-designed hurricane shutters, our products are crafted with precision and durability in mind. each solution provides maximum safety, efficiency, and aesthetic appeal, ensuring that you don’t have to compromise style for protection. with a commitment to innovation and quality, sentinel storm protection stands out as the trusted partner for safeguarding your property against florida’s most severe storms and hurricanes.				







roll down hurricane shutters


roll-down hurricane shutters combine convenience, durability, and style to provide superior storm defense.








roll down screens and shade


our roll-down screens and shades offer versatile solutions for storm protection, privacy, and sun control.








accordion shutters


designed for quick deployment, these strong shutters fold compactly when not in use and provide robust defense against storms.








hurricane fabric (typhoon armor)


our proprietary, state of the art typhoon armor offers cutting-edge storm defense with its innovative, lightweight design. you won’t see this product anywhere else!








hurricane flood panels


sentinel’s hurricane flood panels provide sturdy defense against rising waters and storm surges. designed with maximum strength, these panels create a secure barrier to protect your home or business from flooding. 








impact windows


our impact windows combine style and strength to safeguard your home or business against hurricanes and extreme weather. built with advanced materials, they resist shattering while enhancing energy efficiency and noise reduction. 








storm panel hurricane shutters


storm panel shutters are an economical and removable storm protection solution. sentinel storm protection’s panels are florida building code approved and impact tested.








bahama & colonial hurricane shutters


aluminum bahama and colonial shutters offer a charming, island-inspired look with greater durability and less maintenance. they are powder coated with standard or custom colors to match any home, and can be easily closed and locked during storms.


 


hurricane shutters and impact windows
 




unequaled quality, award winning service and competitive prices!
 




sentinel storm protection offers a variety of building protection products (including hurricane shutters, roll screens, roll downs, impact windows & doors) specifically designed to protect your home and business from hurricanes, storms, break-ins, theft, sun and other weather damage. our products also provide privacy from neighbors and add beauty to your home or business.
 




serving southwest florida since 2002
 










hurricane shutters and impact windows
 




unequaled quality, award winning service and competitive prices!
 




sentinel storm protection offers a variety of building protection products (including hurricane shutters, roll screens, roll downs, impact windows & doors) specifically designed to protect your home and business from hurricanes, storms, break-ins, theft, sun and other weather damage. our products also provide privacy from neighbors and add beauty to your home or business.
 




serving southwest florida since 2002
 

 


dedicated to providing excellence to our clients
 












			“our typhoon armor g7 storm shades were installed today, electric hook up is next, but based on what has occurred to date, i’m sure it will be a smooth installation. we contacted sentinel after reviewing numerous contractors on the internet. however after speaking with reed fearheiley who was so knowledgeable and open to all our questions it was a no brainer to contract with you to enclose our lanai.
today raphael and julio completed installation of the shades (earlier than anticipated) and wanted you to know what wonderful employees you have! they worked for two days in temperatures of almost 100 degrees. the temperature didn’t deter them from their task. they worked quietly, neatly and efficiently. we are amazed by their work ethics and they should be commended! can’t wait to drop the shades. thanks for being a contractor that does what he says.”
			
				kathleen t
									
						july 3, 2019					













			“we were very pleased with the window products from sentinel storm protection of naples, florida. they installed impact-resistant windows on the front of our home, and storm shutters and panels over the remaining openings. the products fit well due to good measurements, materials, manufacturing, and installation. the salesman and office staff were in close contact with us throughout, giving immediate responses to any questions we had.
the installation was done by two men who worked steadily and carefully for all the time they were here. they were cheerful polite and informative. the work place was left clean, with no debris remaining and the windows were cleaned at the end. they also did a training session on how everything operated. the inspection was done by the city of bonita springs and quickly passed. then our sentinel salesman also inspected the job. we have not yet had a bad storm but we are looking forward to our home being safe and snug when one does come. thank you, sentinel!”
			
				robert and joyce f
									
						november 8, 2019					













			“please extend our sincere appreciation to the entire sentinel team for the outstanding delivery and installation of our whole house of storm shutters. from start to finish the project was first-rate. your professional knowledge was reassuring, that we were dealing with a premium product. the office team kept us informed every step of the way. our two installers were extremely efficient and provided a quality installation job. they were a real pleasure to work with.
be assured that pat and i will continue to sing sentinel’s praises and wholeheartedly recommend your services to anyone interested in providing further expert storm protection to their residences.”
			
				kathleen o
									
						october 3, 2018					













			“the work that was done was excellent. both men (raphael and louis) were great. they did a fantastic job!”
			
				merrie l & gerry b
									
						september 9, 2019					













			“thanks again, your service guys were quick, very clean (asked for a broom and dustpan), and fast. xmas party was last night and we setup the buffet on the lanai, so the repair timing was perfect!”
			
				andrew r
									
						december 15, 2019					













			“i would like to thank you for a job well done. all the work was top shelf! the two workers were great.”
			
				frank m
									
						january 27, 2020					



 


 



 
 




 

 email: sales@sentinelstormprotection.com | showroom & factory: 3673 exchange avenue, suite 1 naples, fl 34104 

 






  sentinel storm protection, inc.  | privacy policy |  image use | rgb web design | resources | news | photo gallery 




 


home
storm protection products

roll down hurricane shutters

roll down shutters gallery


impact windows

impact windows gallery


roll screens and shades

roll screens and shades gallery


storm panels

storm panels gallery


accordion shutters

accordion shutters gallery


typhoon armor

typhoon armor gallery


bahamas and colonials

bahamas and colonials gallery




architects and builders
our company
news
repairs
contact us

this website uses cookies to improve your experience. accept privacy policyprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept




























































