











spanish water dog club of america


















                                about
                            

                                contact
                            

                                links
                            














                    spanish water dog club of america
                

                    welcome!
                







                    please excuse the mess.
                

                    we are currently in the progresss of migrating our site to a much better site.
                







                about us
            

                welcome to the spanish water dog club of america (fomerly, the swd club, inc.)
            

                as of january 1, 2015, the spanish water dog was fully recognized as part of the herding group with the american kennel club.
            

                in april 2011, the american kennel club (akc) selected the spanish water dog club, inc. as parent club for the breed as it
                progresses towards the miscellaneous class and full registration status. in addition, in october of 2011,
                the akc informed the club that breed had been designated to be in the herding group.
            

                since its inception in 2004 and its recognition by the foundation stock service in 2005, the swd club's membership has actively
                grown its efforts for the breed. in 2010, the ukc-affiliated spanish water dog association of america merged
                with the swd club, expanding the swd club's community. in october 2013, the swd club changed its name to
                the spanish water dog club of america, inc. as one of the requirements for full akc recognition. it is incorporated
                in the state of pennsylvania. the swdca extends a membership invitation to all spanish water dog fanciers
                with the goals of forming a strong national breed club and improving the breed.
            

                please feel free to browse our website. if there is something you cannot find, please contact one of the swdca's board members
                and let us know so we can assist you in finding the information you need.
            





                contact us
            



breeder's list
contact swd breeders




loading...






rescue
contact for dogs in trouble




loading...






membership
join our membership




loading...













                useful links
            



akc breed standard


recommended health tests for swd breeding stock


club board list and committees








