






the manbottle library





































































searchrandomhumorpicturesvideooriginalstrivia
























trivia
new trivia coming soonthe answer to the last question , for ... 

more...




sign in


a closed mind gathers no intelligence 



new
tales from a redneck, volume 1: doing the impossible ... final exam - no excusesa high school english teacher reminds her class of tomorrow's ... the donut truckthis would be epic...  ... 

more...


most popular
links (other sources)links to other sources of questionable humor and arcane knowledge.einstein's riddlealbert einstein's riddle 
 are you in the top 2% of intelligent ... location, location, location

more...
















the manbottle library



main   |   new   |   popular   |   right now








curtis wiggins - middle ground

in a world where all the talking heads have moved far right or far left, there's no one left holding the middle ground




like us on facebook

like us! oh, please like us!  we desperately crave your approval!  (we have issues.)




follow us on twitter

follow the insane ramblings of the creator and curator of the manbottle library, 140 bytes at a time.




joke of the day

more or less self-explanatory




what's popular!

see what other people are looking at




search

search the extensive manbottle database




random

our highly experimental, slightly dangerous, random humor generator




humor

the complete index of questionable humor. arranged in a very large alphabetical list, (now separated into several pages, for your viewing pleasure).




pictures

the complete index of pictures from the manbottle library gallery.  arranged in a large alphabetical list.




video

browse through the manbottle video library.




originals

original humor - a manbottle library exclusive.  most of it is funny, some is just plain odd, but it is all interesting.




trivia

selections from our extensive library of arcane knowledge. new questions are posted weekly.  (returning soon!)




account

manage my account




more...

about the manbottle library, faq, contact us, privacy policy, important legal info, links to other sites, friends & sponsors, ... and kittens!



 







 visit us on facebook 



 

















mobile site | full site
privacy policy | 
	terms and conditions | 
	copyright questions | 
	contact us | 
	advertising | 
	link to manbottle



	this compliation is copyright © 2000-2014 wiggins professional services, inc.
	individual items contained herein are the copyright of their respective owners.











