










            
                
                    home
                
            
            
                
                
            
        
















log in




























                            advocating for the organizations that monitor the quality of chronic kidney disease, dialysis and kidney transplant care in the usa.
                        











home


about us


history
            
            
        


mission
            
            
        


board of directors
            
            
        


forum bylaws
            
            
        


privacy policy
            
            
        




membership


esrd network program overview
            
            
        


esrd networks - contact information
            
            
        


forum councils & representatives
            
            



executive director advisory council (edac)
            
            
        


medical director advisory council (mac)
            
            
        


kidney patient advisory council (kpac)
            
            
        


forum representatives
            
            
        




members in the news
            
            
        


forum membership annual webinars
            
            
        


esrd national coordinating center (ncc) - network directory
            
            
        


workspace : forum membership - you must log in to access the private workspace
            
            



kpac health equity toolkit workgroup
            
            
        


kpac cardiovascular toolkit workgroup
            
            
        


psd workspace
            
            
        


bod workspace
            
            
        


edac workspace
            
            
        


mac workspace
            
            
        


kpac workspace
            
            
        


data managers workspace
            
            
        


qid workspace
            
            
        






toolkits


professional toolkits
            
            



inpatient medical director toolkit
            
            
        


transitions of care toolkit
            
            
        


outpatient medical director toolkit
            
            
        


vaccination toolkit
            
            
        


kidney transplant toolkit
            
            
        


home dialysis toolkit
            
            
        


qapi toolkit
            
            
        


catheter reduction toolkit
            
            
        




patient toolkits
            
            



is a kidney transplant right for me?
            
            
        


financial help resources
            
            
        


dialysis patient depression toolkit
            
            
        


dialysis patient grievance toolkit
            
            
        






resources & news


national esrd census data
            
            
        


covid-19 information & resources
            
            



resources & links for kidney patients
            
            
        


forum communication with cms division of kidney health re: covid-19
            
            
        


resources & links for providers
            
            
        




forum position papers, press releases & public comments
            
            
        


forum matters
            
            
        


disaster planning resources & links
            
            



general information & helpful links
            
            
        


esrd network resources
            
            
        




advancing american kidney health (aakh)
            
            
        


asn / ntds online learning modules: managing infections in an outpatient dialysis facility
            
            
        


transitional dialysis care
            
            
        


decreasing patient-provider conflict (dpc)
            
            
        


5-diamond patient safety program
            
            
        


cms conditions for coverage - resources & links
            
            
        


esrd national coordinating center (ncc)
            
            
        


fistula first catheter last workgroup coalition
            
            
        


other helpful websites & links
            
            
        


historical documents
            
            
        




education


sharing highly effective practices in the kidney community
            
            



approved highly effective practices
            
            
        




depression in dialysis patients
            
            
        


the esrd qip: what every facility should know (2019)
            
            
        


forum-hosted educational webinars
            
            



2021 - february: "bridging the gap: lifetime immunosuppressive coverage for kidney patients"
            
            
        


2018 - october: "depression & dialysis: removing the stigma and strengthening our mental health"
            
            
        


2018 - may: "the grievance toolkit: fostering communication & improving quality"
            
            
        


2016: "the experience of care: patients and providers as partners" (4-part webinar series)
            
            
        




medicare compare educational resources (dfc: dialysis facility compare)
            
            
        


creating a culture of quality conference archive
            
            



2015: "achieving quality: reconciling competing goals: guidelines, incentives, patient centered care, shared decision making...how do we judge quality?"
            
            
        


2013: "listen ~ hear ~ empower ~ change: the critical role of communication in improving patient safety"
            
            
        


2012: "pursuing excellence in care transitions: enhancing safety in kidney patient care"
            
            
        


2011: "developing the infrastructure to meet quality improvement requirements"
            
            
        




the kidney project - shuvo roy, phd
            
            
        




donor wall


thank you to all of our generous donors in 2024
            
            
        


thank you to all of our generous donors in 2023
            
            
        


thank you to all of our generous donors in 2022
            
            
        


thank you to all of our generous donors in 2021
            
            
        


donor recognition levels
            
            
        




donate


contact




















esrd networks - contact information









                                your local esrd network can help you
                                
                                click here to find the network nearest you
                            










mission statement







previous



next



welcome to the forum of esrd networks website


in memory of derek forfang








donate


the national forum of esrd networks, inc. is a registered 501(c)(3) non-profit organization #13-3246354. your donation is tax deductible to the extent allowable by law. no goods or services will be provided by the forum in return or consideration for this contribution. donations can also be mailed to the forum office at po box 70623, henrico, va 23255.
                            
donate now

what's new on the forum website?


kpac member bios now available!

want to know more about the forum's kpac members?
read their bio statements here. if you're looking for a patient advocate to speak at your event, it's a great way to find the perfect match.

kpac develops vaccination poster

the forum's kidney patient advisory council recently released a poster promoting vaccination among dialysis and transplant patients.
read more here.

mac releases updated home dialysis toolkit

this toolkit for health providers and practitioners is a reference tool that gives information about overcoming barriers to starting or growing a home dialysis program.
new: home dialysis toolkit [2023]updated to include:new sections to address aakh and cfc updatesemergency management of home dialysis patientsimpact of escos, etc model, voluntary models on home therapiesenhanced modality education: transitional care and self careemerging technology and the impact and benefits to home therapiesaddressing disparities and access to carehome therapy options in the ltc/nursing home settingkpac section: empowering patients and care partners to be successful at homeread the press release here.

latest forum matters now available

the latest forum matters newsletter is now available on the website!
review current and past issues of forum matters here.

mac updates transitions of care toolkit

this toolkit for health providers and practitioners is a reference tool that gives information about challenges in transitions of care and suggestions to help create solutions.
mac transitions of care toolkit (march 2022)

covid-19 vaccination flyer for dialysis patients

please share this flyer with your dialysis patients
resources & links for kidney patients

learn about the new transplant toolkit for patients

this 12-minute video provides an overview of the toolkit
is a kidney transplant right for me?






        © 1998—2024 the forum of esrd networks
        
        po box 70623 | henrico, va 23255
        
        804-390-9822 | fax: (888) 571-2065
        
        site by aclark.net, llc










project makefile





home


about us


membership


toolkits


resources & news


education


donor wall


what’s new on the website?


forum volunteer highlights 2023


in memory of derek forfang


2024 healthcare worker thanksgiving campaign


"making yourself a priority: self-care for kidney patients, care partners, and healthcare partners"


2025 vaccination campaign


















