



























































	welcome | roseann oesterreich



skip to main content


roseann oesterreich, crs, gri



 

















    home
    
    






    search
    
    






    featured properties
    
    






    about
    
    
        




testimonials


roseann's plan of action







    senior information
    
    






    favorite links
    
    






    tools
    
    
        




buyers info


sellers info


owning your home


neighborhood info


mortgage info







    contact
    
    








 



sign in
register










































 roseann oesterreich experience isn't expensive....it's priceless!   

search by city, zip code, school district, or mls#









search by city, zip code, or mls#




 search
    





       
roseann oesterreich, crs, gri


562-714-4121


email

view listings

 
 welcome!thank you for taking the time to visit my personal real estate website! helping clients buy, sell or lease residential and commercial properties is what i do.should you have questions or interests in probates, trust sales, relocations, 1031 exchanges, down sizing or are facing the possibility of a foreclosure or short sale, you are welcome to text, call or email me at any time. i'm never too busy to answer your questions or concerns.i look forward to talking with you personally.isellcal@gmail.com    

how much is your home worth?
get an instant home value estimate

 


 get report  







featured property

view recent listings
view recent sales







15723 la subida drive #7

            hacienda heights, ca 91745
        

2 bedrooms
, 2 bathrooms


            $599,000
        

            price just reduced to $599,000if a single story, end unit with no one above or below you is on your bucket list, look no further; 15723 la subida, unit 7, is home. this lovely property is located in the private, quiet and gated hacienda creek community with all units in the community showing pride of ownership! as you enter through the double door entrance, you will be greeted with a spacious living room with high ceilings, plenty of natural light and a warm and inviting corner fireplace. the living room opens to the covered patio which offers shade and plenty of privacy. with 1100 square feet of living area, 2 large bedrooms with mirrored closet sliding doors, primary bedroom suite with 3/4 bathroom with stall shower, new toilet and full hall bathroom are just a few of the amenities offered. you will appreciate having central air and heat, beautiful laminate flooring throughout, eating areas in both the kitchen as well as the dining room. your water heater and laundry area are just steps away in the garage. "hacienda creek gated community' offers resort type living with a refreshing community pool, spa and tennis court. hoa includes, water, trash, sewer, exterior termite clearance, common area, roof, & exterior.
        
view details





  


search for homes
search




explore communities
explore




ask a question
contact


   




home
search
contact
sitemap
copyright
privacy
terms of use





roseann oesterreich, crs, gri


office address

berkshire hathaway homeservices california properties

15025 e. whittier blvd. a
whittier, ca 90603
phone: 562-714-4121



contact
email: isellcal@gmail.com
license: dre# 00892803



 


copyright © 2025 smartsites.org . 
 agent website tools      agent crm



































privacy policy | 
terms of use
website designed by constellation1, a division of constellation web solutions, inc.





