



astrology software, programs, and books

























home



astrology
  software



products



sample
  reports



reviews



orders



updates



download



software
  news



weekly
  newsscope



astro
  articles






























halloran software


astrology software programs


news
software
details
quotes

secure orders
updates
astro
articles


we have completed astrology for
windows, version 3.0.
 astroldeluxe reportwriter spawns platinum  version 10.3 is shipping - astrology software news page.
 read testimonials from other astrology
software users.
 see samples of celebrity
interpretation reports for natal, solar return, transits,
compatibility, progressions & career analysis.
 read about any of over 15 products
for astrology professionals and students.
 cookbook of winning astrology software
recipes.
 find an astrologer.






our philosophy is simple:
we want you to use the best astrology software tools -
or your money back!

why are we the only astrology software company to offer a 30-day
money-back guarantee? we have stable, high-quality astrology
programs. astrology for windows, astroldeluxe reportwriter, and astroldeluxe platinum are
producing satisfied messages, not calls for technical support.

halloran software
p.o. box 75713
los angeles, ca 90075
u.s.a.
u.s./canada toll-free phone:
1-800-sea-goat (732-4628)
international: (818) 901-1221
24 hour fax: (818) 901-8875



at this site, expect to find a-rated but reasonably-priced astrology
software for calculating and interpreting horoscopes on computers
that run everything from 64-bit windows 11 down to 32-bit windows xp, 
both desktop/laptop computers and windows servers catering to thousands 
of customers a month, astrology research software that can quickly
perform 25 different kinds of searches, astrological fonts to put
glyphs into your windows documents, synastry software for
numerically evaluating the compatibility between two charts, asteroid
software that accurately calculates 80 or more asteroids, and
transit list calculations even in the hobbyist-level astrology for
windows free astrology software download, with very precise transit
and progression times calculated in the professional astrology software, either
the $169 astroldeluxe reportwriter or the $300 astroldeluxe platinum.  the
platinum version horoscope software program comes bundled with the collection of over 5700 
celebrity charts in the famous charts file as well as the halloran 
truetype astrological fonts files, which collections otherwise cost
$59 and $49.  both astroldeluxe versions come bundled with a free copy of the acs
company's electronic pc atlas which has the longitude and latitude
coordinates and time zone change histories for daylight saving time
built-in for over 250,000 locations - you save the $195 cost of
this atlas. want more birth locations? add the geo names atlas
enhancement of three million cities for 230 countries for just
$100. version 10.1 of astroldeluxe platinum can now generate a ranked list of potentials for 108 vocational and personal categories for any person's chart.  the companion $59 astrodynes for windows astrodynes software
works seamlessly with charts saved by all of our astrology chart
software programs. we sell the only two books in print for
delineating the astrodynes power, harmony, and discord numbers as well as
books that teach you how to operate an astrology practice. if you
want to set up a web site that will calculate charts and deliver
reports automatically to customers 24-hours a day, inquire about
the $1,000 web-enabled astroldeluxe.
when you purchase the in-depth interpretations that allow 
astroldeluxe to create the personal path (tm) natal
reports, spirit success (tm) natal reports, journey careers (tm)
vocational astrology career reports, kid zone (tm) child natal
reports, halloran aspect patterns (tm) natal reports, 
halloran chiron, halloran moon's node, halloran black moon lilith, 
and halloran minor square aspects interpretations, classic 
british astro report (tm) natal reports, starmatch (tm) or composite couples (tm)
compatibility reports, journey returns (tm) solar return
reports, lifetrends (tm) transit or journey progressions (tm)
forecast reports, you can sell the interpretation reports
royalty-free. our authors include janice barsky, anthony louis,
carolyne lacy, robert fitzgerald, deanna christensen, marise payne, alan leo, 
sepharial, evangeline adams, charles e.o. carter, and john halloran.
two recent interpretation reports are unique for computers: the
kidzone combo natal report draws upon an unheard-of 8-megabytes-worth of 
delineations to create a starting page that synthesizes the child's sun sign, moon sign, 
and ascendant/rising sign and then proceeds to synthesize the sign and house 
placements for the sun, moon, mercury, venus, mars, jupiter, and saturn - the 
resulting highly personal delineations have come a very long way from the 
earliest natal reports that merely assembled simple cookbook-type delineations;  
another unique report is the journey returns solar return annual forecast report, 
which implements the 15-step 
method of alexandre volguine (1903-1976), it is the most comprehensive
solar return report available for any software program. the new $50
halloran aspect patterns interpretations also provide a high-level of 
synthesis by delineating 35 possible aspect patterns such as the
grand water trine or cardinal t-square with a total of 392
delineations based on research into the lives of the 5712 people in
our $59 famous charts database - the aspect patterns can be a final
section of a natal report, but they can also be short reports that
are fun to run and from which you can learn a lot of astrology. starting with
the halloran interpretations for aspects to the moon's nodes, the black moon lilith, the minor squares (45-degree and 135-degree), and the declination parallel and contraparallel aspects, both versions of astroldeluxe can automatically
grab separate interpretations for males or females.  astroldeluxe platinum can now generate a report called in the beginning that draws upon a total of 2,882 male and female delineations.  the
astrological software lets you modify the interpretations before or
after generating the reports.
our astroldeluxe software includes specialized features for
students of carl payne tobey such as the secondary chart (solar
parts chart) and planetary nodes, declination to longitude
conversion as taught by kt boehrer, the monthly house system and
dragon's nodes taught by dr. louis turi as part of divine
astrology, and the most complete collection of arabic parts in any
program. for astrologers from france who use the black moon lilith,
astroldeluxe calculates the moon's true apogee as well as the
moon's mean apogee. astroldeluxe will easily import charts from
blue star, nova, janus, kepler, solar fire, jigsaw, lois rodden's
astrodatabank, and the aaf file format.
harmonic charts revisited describes expanded tools for looking at harmonic sub-charts.
neptune cycles describes the effect of neptune entering aries in 2025.
software for sabian symbols as per marc edmund jones describes how you can click on planet and house degrees to get sabian symbol interpretations, and generate complete reports for a chart's planetary degree symbolism and for a chart's house degree symbolism.
900 interpreted planetary containments
for astrologers who want to stick with just the basics, we have
the astrology for windows calculation program, which is a free
astrology software download that is available in the english,
spanish, portuguese, norwegian, dutch, swedish, french, italian,
czech, romanian, finnish, german, russian, slovakian, and polish
languages. we also distribute biorhythms software in the form of
the nicely programmed biorhythms for windows pro program.
privacy
policy
copyright © 2024 halloran software, los angeles,
california https://www.halloran.com
frequent misspellings: holloran, astrodeluxe,
biorythms software.



