



	content title fetched









 























 
login

 










latest news...









breakthrough t1 event in dundee


read more...




new website to help prevent or reverse type 2 diabetes


read more...




over 26,000 people with diabetes in tayside to benefit from care closer to home


read more...




scottish diabetes survey 2023


read more...




diabetes mcn newsletter professional sep 2024


read more...




diabetes scotland news august 2024


read more...




diabetes professional education forum - 17 september


read more...




diabetes mcn newsletter professional may 2024


read more...




previous gestational diabetes? get free support


read more...




diagnosed with type 2 diabetes in last 3 years, get support


read more...




mydiabetes myway leaflet


read more...




diabetes scotland news - august 2024


read more...





















 











homehandbookspecialist clinicschildren's servicespatient informationprofessional educationeye screeningfootstepresearchlatest newslinksadmin area





 









welcome to the website of nhs tayside’s diabetes managed clinical network (mcn)
the managed clinical network (mcn) is a coordinated network of people involved in diabetes care across the region. within this network health and social care professionals and people with diabetes work together to continually develop and improve diabetes care. this website provides local information about diabetes and diabetes care for both professionals and people with diabetes.
we hope you find the site useful and would welcome feedback on any aspect of the site or the information provided. please send your comments to: tay.diabetesmcn@nhs.scot 
 



 

 



 
click here to watch the video on how the way that people with diabetes in tayside are reviewed and receive care is changing



 




patient information
information for people with diabetes including patient leaflets, events, groups freestyle libre.
 


professional education
information about educational opportunities, conferences, locality forums.
 




specialist clinics
specialist diabetes clinics across tayside.

handbook
guidelines for diabetes care.




children's services
services and guidelines for children.

mcn
managed clinical network documents including annual reports.




eye screening
details of the retinopathy screening programme.


footstep
podiatry self management education programme.




latest news
latest tayside diabetes news and events.


research
diabetes research in tayside.




 idiabetes
information about the idiabetes project


links diabetes web links




 





©  2025 nhs tayside 

 





