
small groups | ministry training, small group leaders curriculum, bible studies



































jump directly to the contentabout usour ministrythe gap we seestoriespartner with usnewslettersgive now
exploreabout usour ministrythe gap we seestoriespartner with usnewslettersgive now

small groups
									build
									
									your
									
									ministry
									
									train
									
									your
									
									leaders
									
									lead
									
									your
									
									group
									
									explore
									
									new
									
									ideas
									
									bible
									
									studies
									
allarticlesbible studiestraining tools
browse
podcast

log inpricing
my accountlog outpricing

storesubtotal:











cast vision, build a team, organize, and grow your ministry

recruit, develop, and strengthen leaders

plan meetings, build trust, and nurture growth

choose from 100s of high quality bible studies
easy access. start today.get everything you need for healthy ministry growth in one place.
join now




this weekhealthy ministries provide ongoing trainingyour leaders need more than just start-up training.


resolving small-group conflictwhat i've learned from my mistakes


weekly communication is crucialwhat i've learned about weekly communication with leaders


three keys to handling tough conversationshow to prepare and facilitate effectively



				free weekly newsletter
			get access to training resources, bible-based curriculums, and practical articles.

email address
subscribe to the selected newsletters.

more newsletters

training toolseffectively confront leaderslearn how to address issues in a healthy, biblical way.
by nancy ortberg, gordon macdonald, allen white, and more


accountability for church leaderswhy and how to embrace this vital part of christian life and leadership
paul cedar, heidi husted, christopher easley, and others


see all training tools
bible studiesquestions god asks"where are you?" from early in genesis and throughout scripture, god asks humans probing questions. this 9-session study series examines some of those critical questions, considering how they apply to our lives today.
dale larsen and sandy larsen


jesus' final weekfrom his entry into jerusalem to the resurrection
cindy bunch


see all bible studies
books & coursessmall-group leader training program

the essential guide for small group leaders - second edition (10-pack)

vibrant small groups

making a difference in your community

visit our store
quick linkspodcastconversations with seasoned ministry practitioners on how to make disciples. 
listen
modelslearn more about common small group models. 
explore
icebreakersideas to foster conversation and interaction.
get started
healthy leaderskeep a close relationship with christ, avoid burnout, and even rest from ministry. 
learn more

pricing
annual planget full access to bible studies, training tools, and articles for one person.
buy now


multi-user planget full access to bible studies, training tools, and articles for a group of people.
buy now


a la cartepurchase bible studies, training tools and books, without a membership.
visit our store






smallgroups.com:about us|privacy policy|terms of use|my account|contact us|help & info|log inlog outstay informed. sign up for our free newsletter.
												sign up for our  newsletter:
											 
										regular access to innovative training resources, bible-based curriculum, and practical articles.
									

email address
subscribe to the selected newsletters.




give today
our ministrythe gap we seestorieshow to partner
careersmedia roomfollow us
privacy policy & cookiesterms of useadvertise
helpcontact usmy account



© 2025 christianity today - a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. "christianity today" and "ct" are the registered trademarks of christianity today international. all rights reserved. 
			





