


santa clarita real estate blog























    
	santa clarita real estate blog
	
  
santa clarita real estate tidbits and updates. santa clarita real estate is booming! as one of the fbi’s safest cities and freeway-close to the los angeles area, santa clarita real estate is in high demand. the city of santa clarita consists of the towns of canyon country, saugus, newhall and valencia. in addition to the city of santa clarita, the areas of acton, agua dulce, castaic, and stevenson ranch are part of the area of north los angeles county known as the santa clarita valley.



wednesday, march 22, 2006



	 stonecrest annexation: whose payroll is this anti-annexation guy on?
    


something is definitely fishy here. do not sign any petitions! today's editorial section of the signal brings up a very valid point:who is the guy walking the stonecrest neighborhood gathering signatures on the petition to stop the city of santa clarita from annexing that area, and what exactly are his motivations?the guy who is circulating the petition to force a vote on the stonecrest annexation is reportedly a researcher at nbc in burbank and is not telling people that the signatures are not necessary for their area to be annexed to the city of santa clarita. instead, the signatures are only required for the opposite purpose: to block the annexation. is he on the cemex payroll? very likely so!and of course this whole situation gets even fishier... the signatures obtained by this mystery man initially were submitted to lafco after the deadline, so lafco has every right to consider all of those signatures invalid and move forward with the annexation. however, supervisor antonovich is demanding that there be a "second chance" time period where signatures can once again be obtained and presented to lafco in an attempt to trigger a vote. so, whose payroll is antonivich on then?residents of the stonecrest development want the usual benefits of annexation: more protection than they get in the county, a utility tax that they’ll no longer have to pay, and preferential enrollment in city recreation programs. residents say that this man has been telling his neighbors that their taxes will go up and their services won’t improve if they join the city — which simply isn’t true. in other words, he is collecting signatures under false pretenses by distorting the facts and by implying that a vote is also needed for the annexation to go through, which of course it's not.a little geography lesson may explain why this situation is important... stonecrest sits in the area between the current city of santa clarita boundaries and the proposed cemex mine project. which of course will spew unmeasurable amounts of particulates and pollutants into the area in and around the santa clarita valley. according to city officials, it would also set a dangerous precedent in that if approved it would be the first time in the entire country that a large-scale mining operation would be put in place this close to established residential communities.the city owns the property where the county and federal governments intend for cemex to mine. but it’s in the unincorporated county territory, which doesn’t give the city the right to block cemex from digging under the surface. as long as the cemex property is under "county rule", the agreement among the county, the feds and cemex prevails. if the city were to annex stonecrest and then some of the land proposed for the cemex project, then it's quite possible that they could succeed in blocking the entire project.the news this morning announced the epa findings that california, and particularly the los angeles area, is pretty much off the charts in pollution levels already, and that there is a measureable increased cancer risk from any increases in the levels of air pollution. why in the world would anyone in their right mind want to bring that into their neighborhood, unless they're being paid big bucks to do so?the status of stonecrest is that the local agency formation commission (lafco) has the right to annex the stonecrest development to the city of santa clarita automaticaly unless there are enough protest signatures from the residents of that community to trigger a vote. the annexation just goes through without incident, and then the city of santa clarita will have more authority to challenge the cemex operation since it will then have the only residential area directly adjacent to the proposed mine within its boundaries, and therefore within its control.in other words, if you live in the stonecrest development and are asked to sign a petition, the best thing for you to do is nothing! do not sign this petition. the annexation of the stonecrest development to the city of santa clarita would assist the city in protecting your air quality in particular, as well as the air quality of the entire santa clarita valley. do you want your children to be breathing in filthy air that has a strong potential of creating cancer? what's wrong with this picture?here's what the signal has to say about this, and i wholeheartedly agree:here’s the bottom line if you live in stonecrest.if someone knocks on your door and asks you to sign a petition for the "privilege" of voting on annexation, don’t sign it.if you’re for annexation and against cemex, don’t sign anything. the annexation goes through automatically.but if lafco does schedule a vote, whether by mail or in person, be sure cast your ballot.because if a vote is held and only the opponents show up, cemex wins — and you lose.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: cemex, stonecrest, lafco, annexation, antonovich, santa clarita



posted by linda slocum @ 8:28 am  
      
         1 comments






tuesday, march 21, 2006



	 realtors set to vote on new bylaws
    


local realtors to vote on extending terms for board of directorsthe board of directors for the realtor association that governs the santa clarita and san fernando valleys (southland regional association of realtors, or srar) is attempting to grant itself longer terms in office via a change in the association's bylaws.the change would be as follows:increase the maximum continuous length of service from 3 terms to 4 terms.increase the number of years served from 6 years to 8 years.now, why would the realtor community want to do this? why would they want to have the same board members year after year? keep in mind that a very low percentage of the realtors vote in any of these elections, so it's not too hard for someone to "seed" an election with hand-picked candidates since a relatively low number of total votes is needed to win, and the president makes the selections for the nominating committee.most realtors are already unaware of the behind-the-scenes campaign that took place over approximately a 2-year period to delete the requirements that the board's president be a licensed real estate broker in order to qualify for the association's most influential position. is it any surprise then that the current president, who of course is not a broker, is now campaigning for longer terms of service for the board members?as required, this issue must be addressed via a vote of the members of the association (the realtors). if you are a realtor in this area, or know a realtor in this area, i urge you to make sure that all eligible realtors vote on this important issue. mailings were sent out by srar this week with more information and an absentee ballot, and there will be online voting available starting april 6 and continuing through april 24 at 10am. there will also be a general membership meeting at the van nuys location of srar on thursday, april 26 at 3pm.realtors, make sure that you vote! either online, by absentee ballot or in person at the general membership meeting. if you have any questions regarding this important issue, or if you didn't get the mailing from srar, please contact the local srar office for assistance.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: srar, realtor, southland regional, board of directors, real estate, president



posted by linda slocum @ 5:50 pm  
      
         0 comments






saturday, march 18, 2006



	 the los valles golf course
    


more details on the los valles golf course in santa claritathe los valles golf course community in the hasley canyon area of santa clarita will be arnold palmer’s only signature course in the greater los angeles area.the los valles golf club, designed for both serious golfers and families, will offer unparalleled recreation and entertainment, with resort-style clubhouse facilities and an arnold palmer signature golf course."los valles is a rare chance to create one of the finest golf courses – and finest golf communities – in the los angeles area, amid natural surroundings," said palmer. "when i first laid eyes on this beautiful place i immediately recognized the promise of these fields, hills and canyons. above all else, it is our intention to preserve the existing terrain and environment as much as it will allow us to, so that it may become part of an exceptional golf experience."the 18-hole, par 71 arnold palmer signature golf course at los valles will traverse approximately 6,700 – 7,000 yards. it is expected to begin construction in spring 2006, with completion scheduled for march of 2008. as the central component of los valles golf club, the course will also offer a driving range, practice green and golf clubhouse. los valles golf club will also include tennis courts, a high-end swim and athletic club, and a children’s recreational area. other outdoor features of los valles include a system of neighborhood parks, and hiking and equestrian trails. memberships at the los valles golf club will begin at approximately $45,000.the planners and designers for the los valles development will be mostly the same team that designed the elegant tradition golf club in la quinta, california.custom homesites in the development will be from approximately ½ acre to over one acre, with lot prices expected to start from about $600,000.if you'd like more information or updates on this project, please contact me and i'll send you an email any time there's an update! and be sure to visit our new blog at santaclaritarealestateblog.com for the latest updates on the los valles golf course and other new developments in the santa clarita area, as well as information on how to purchase your new home at las valles.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comsantaclaritarealestateblog.comtechnorati tags: los valles, golf, arnold palmer, hasley canyon, real estate, santa clarita



posted by linda slocum @ 8:29 am  
      
         0 comments






friday, march 17, 2006



	 suncal to build 60 more homes at tesoro del valle
    


public hearing on march 29, 2006 in the regional planning commission hearing room60 new homes are expected to be built by suncal on a total of 185.8 acres with access through the tesoro del valle area, which is located at the north end of the valencia area, just outside the city of santa clarita.these homes will have lot sizes between .25 acres and .83 acres and there will be an additional 6 lots set aside for open space and public facilities. the project will require a realignment of san francisquito canyon road between lowridge place and cherokee canyon lane. lady linda lane is at the north of the proposed development. there will be no access to this development from san francisquito canyon road as planned.the 60 new single-family homes will be built along three streets. two new streets will connect this development to the existing roads within the tesoro del valle community. also included in the development plans is a 12-foot wide easement for the cliffie stone trail and the harris trail. there will also be plenty of open space to maintain the natural environment of the area.if you'd like more information or updates on this project, please contact me and i'll send you an email any time there's an update!looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: suncal, tesoro del valle, homes, valencia, real estate, santa clarita



posted by linda slocum @ 8:16 pm  
      
         0 comments






thursday, march 16, 2006



	 valencia creekside homes slipping away
    


creekside somerset homes have faulty foundationshomeowners in the creekside somerset development by warmington homes are experiencing a sinking feeling as their foundations slip away due to inadequate soil compaction and improperly finished foundations.several homes in the development have reported troubles with foundation cracking and separating in the interior and exterior walls, and backyard gates that have become difficult to open or close. these include homes on willowbrooke ct. in valencia. the last "new" home on this street is currently in escrow, scheduled to close later this month.according to homeowners, warmington is attempting to put a band-aid on the situation by injecting cement material into the foundational earth of the house to firm the soil, a solution referred to as compaction grouting.homeowners are concerned that this won't be enough, especially in the event of an earthquake.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: valencia, creekside, warmington, somerset, real estate, foundation



posted by linda slocum @ 9:30 am  
      
         0 comments









	 mule ranch to be converted to business and retail center
    


monteverde development co. files plan to develop smiser ranchmonteverde recently filed a plan to develop a 600,000sf business and retail center at the southern gateway to santa clarita. this development plan includes a hotel, upscale shops, restaurants and condos. monteverde bought this 24-acre parcel in 2004.this development will be very visible from the freeway, which may attract retailers that otherwise wouldn't consider a location in the santa clarita valley based on population and demographics requirements.the development's site plan includes 350,000sf of retail stores, a 150,000sf anchor store and 45,000sf of restaurant space as well as 1,000 condos and 5,000 parking spaces. monteverde has also entered into an agreement to purchase the santa clarita athletic club, which would be demolished and replaced by a new 55,000sf fitness center. the development plan to solve flooding issues will also be needed, as this property is located in a flood zone. remember when that area was almost completely underwater during the heavy rains not so many years ago?monteverde's representatives will meet with residents in the calgrove blvd area, sunset pointe and a nearby mobile home park to discuss the potential impact on these homes. they will also request a conditional-use permit to develop 10-story buildings, which are in excess of the current allowable limit of 55 feet. in comparison, the hyatt valencia is six stories and 92 feet tall.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: smiser, calgrove, development, monteverde, real estate, santa clarita



posted by linda slocum @ 9:10 am  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, march 14, 2006



	 model-perfect home in valencia is an enchanting tropical oasis
    


decorator's dream home features many one-of-a-kind upgradesclick here for more photos, floorplan and full details.love at first sight! this decorator's dream home features many one-of-a-kind upgrades including custom tile and stone treatments in the kitchen and baths, marble fireplace surround and decorator artist’s accents.soaring 20 foot ceilings in the living and family rooms and an abundance of windows bring in the natural light, and the large loft is perfect for an office or a playroom.gourmet kitchen features granite counters, custom tumbled travertine backsplash, walk-in pantry with etched glass door, desk and custom maple cabinetry.the master suite features custom artist’s paint treatments, large walk-in closet and a large soaking tub with separate shower.this home’s oversized yard is a tropical paradise with custom acid-washed stamped concrete, large patio cover with charming stucco arches, raised planter beds with double retaining walls, large slope for privacy, full-sized tropical trees and a relaxing fountain.only two of this model were built! the upstairs bonus room option was eliminated resulting in soaring 20 foot ceilings in the family room, so this home lives like it has at least 200 more square feet. the 3-car tandem garage can either be used for cars, toys, storage, or can be converted to living space.the tesoro del valle neighborhood recreation center includes a clubhouse with lobby and fireplace overlooking the pastoral lake, multiuse gathering room with kitchen, three pools, two spas, sand volleyball court, tennis courts, tot lot, baseball field, basketball courts, barbecue facilities and adjoining jogging and walking trails.this home is priced to sell at $749,900.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: valencia, tesoro del valle, homes, tropical, real estate, santa clarita



posted by linda slocum @ 3:53 pm  
      
         0 comments






saturday, march 11, 2006



	 live-work units to be developed
    


soledad village project to include live-work unitsnewhall land's soledad village project has received the planning commission's approval to include 22 live-work units and exceed the maximum building height of 35 feet.these townhomes will have living space upstairs and office space downstairs. the living space will be second and third floor units. the office space below is expected to be about 300 square feet, and the owners will be allowed to either use it for their own businesses or rent it out to other businesses.newhall land has also stated that a small percentage of these live-work units will be designated as "workforce housing", which will be sold at a discounted rate to nurses, law enforcement officials and others in the public service field.if you'd like more information or updates on this project, please contact me and i'll send you an email any time there's an update!looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: soledad village, newhall land, live-work, workforce housing, real estate, office space



posted by linda slocum @ 8:11 am  
      
         0 comments






friday, march 10, 2006



	 santa clarita real estate annexations
    


pending annexations to the city of santa claritawhile the stonecrest annexation has been in the news lately, there are other annexations pending as well. these include the following per lafco:santa clarita - annexation no. 2003-03 (whitney canyon)annexation of 545.27 acres of unincorporated county territory, located east of state route 14 and east of the terminus of san fernando road, to the city of santa clarita.  santa clarita - annexation no. 2002-10(south santa clarita)annexation of 825 acres of unincorporated county territory located, east of interstate 5 and west of the state route 14, to the city of santa clarita.  santa clarita - annexation no. 2002-09 (stonecrest)annexation of 215.85 acres of unincorporated county territory, located north of soledad canyon road and the antelope valley freeway, to the city of santa clarita. santa clarita - annexation no. 2002-08 (california canyons)annexation of 43.10 acres of unincorporated county territory, located north and east of abelia road, to the city of santa clarita.  the stonecrest annexation is being protested by some of the residents, but lafco has determined that there are not enough valid signatures to require a public vote for the annexation. supervisor michael antonovich has requested that lafco give the residents a "second chance" even though there apparently are not enough valid protest letters to require this vote. lafco has apparently invalidated some of the letters received due to the date they were signed. valid protest letters from at least 15% of the residents of the annexation area are needed in order to require a vote. with less than 15% of the residents protesting, lafco can proceed with an annexation process without a vote. only registered voters can participate in the process, and all signatures must be verified by the registrar-recorder's office.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: annexation, lafco, stonecrest, antonovich, real estate, santa clarita



posted by linda slocum @ 7:53 am  
      
         0 comments






saturday, march 04, 2006



	 the madison condo conversion update
    


public to be able to purchase condos in june or julylennar has started to convert the prado apartments in valencia to the madison condos.current tenants are being given the option to purchase their units as-is, and this process will continue for the next few months.condos for resale to the general public will be upgraded to include new stainless steel appliances, granite kitchen counters and more. prices are expected to start in the mid to high $300's for a one bedroom condo with about 791 square feet.the madison has one to three bedroom units with one to two baths, and units range from 791 square feet to 1642 square feet. there are several different plans to choose from.if you'd like more information or updates on this project, please contact me and i'll send you an email any time there's an update!looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: madison, prado, lennar, condo, conversion, valencia



posted by linda slocum @ 9:29 am  
      
         0 comments









	 santa clarita floor plans
    


original builder floor plans neededdo you still have the original brochure from the builder of your home?if so, i'd like to have it!in order to best serve my buyers and sellers, it's helpful for me to have all floorplans available and i'm definitely missing a few.contact me and i'll arrange to pick it up - you'll receive a starbucks card for your effort and clear a little bit of clutter from your home!thank you!looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: builder, floorplan, floor plan, santa clarita, real estate



posted by linda slocum @ 8:50 am  
      
         0 comments









	 blackberry users breathe a sigh of relief
    


rim settles with ntpwhile the blackberry issue doesn't appear on the surface to be related to santa clarita real estate, once you realize how much it's used in the industry you'll understand the potential impact if the blackberry service was to be discontinued.while there are other pda phone options available, the blackberry system remains very popular in corporate america. your realtor likely uses an alternative like the treo 650 because of its ability to multitask with realtor-specific software products. however, the service providers that are required for a successful real estate transaction quite often use blackberry's. lenders, title companies and others use their blackberry's to quickly address issues that may arise in a typical real estate transaction.rim has agreed to settle with ntp for a reported $612.5 million.according to the chicago tribune, ntp was reportedly trying to get as much as $1 billion from rim. but over the past few months, the u.s. patent office has been reviewing ntp's patents and rejecting them. ntp has a long legal path to challenge those rejections, one that could drag on for a several years.still, "those [ntp] patents could [now] have a clock ticking against them," said george wheeler, an intellectual property lawyer at mcandrews, held & malloy ltd. in chicago.david airan, a patent attorney at leydig, voit & mayer ltd. in chicago, agreed. "there was too much on the table for ntp to risk not settling."looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: blackberry, rim, ntp, pda, real estate, messaging



posted by linda slocum @ 8:04 am  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, march 01, 2006



	 the new roth 401(k): tax free retirement savings
    


new employee retirement account similar to the roth iraworking boomers can take advantage of the newest retirement savings option - the roth 401(k) - that employers can offer. rolled out at the beginning of 2006, the plan blends features of the traditional 401(k) with those of the roth ira. roth 401 (k) contributions are made with after-tax dollars. although savers won’t get an upfront tax deduction, the account grows tax-free and withdrawals taken during retirement won’t be subject to income tax, provided you're at least 59 1/2 and you've held the account for five years or more. before, high-income earners were shut out of the roth ira, but roth 401(k)s have no income restrictions. the decision to fully fund a roth 401(k) can’t be made in a snap because there are some catches. for example, you can’t max out both a 401(k) and a roth 401 (k), and there are some questions about future tax consequences to ponder, as well. keep in mind also that a self-directed roth ira can be used to purchase santa clarita real estate, as long as it is purchased for investment purposes rather than for personal use. looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: roth, ira, 401(k), investment, real estate, retirement



posted by linda slocum @ 5:37 pm  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, february 28, 2006



	 coming to santa clarita: los valles golf course
    


exclusive golf course community to be built in santa claritathe los valles exclusive golf course community to be developed by o'donnell/atkins will be located adjacent to the valencia commerce center and behind the existing hasley canyon developments.the total project will include 209 half-acre home sites with 74 of those being custom sites, and the average lot size of the remainder of the development will be 16000sf. the project will include an arnold palmer signature course, with lakes, water features, seasonal wildflowers and sparkling white bunkers.luxury and larger single-story homes will be available in this community, and every homesite will have some combination of golf course, canyon, mountain, or meadow views. the only thing missing is proximity to other homes. home sizes are planned to be from 3500sf-5300sf.if you'd like more information or updates on this project, please contact me and i'll send you an email any time there's an update!looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: los valles, golf, luxury, santa clarita, real estate, valencia, hasley



posted by linda slocum @ 6:46 pm  
      
         0 comments






monday, february 20, 2006




	 zillow falls flat
    



site is built on shaky foundationzillow was recently released amid much fanfare, but initial reviews are not promising.washington post's technology columnist leslie walker says "offering automated property valuations via the internet turns out to be much harder than it seems -- especially if you expect them to be accurate. but after running extensive tests on this ambitious national real estate service, i found it to be so inaccurate that it's not useful."richard powers, president of the appraisal institute says "what scares me is the consumer who goes out there and makes a decision based on that data. consumers really have no way to judge the accuracy of the estimate -- that really is the problem."even zillow's president and co-founder lloyd frink said that the free site doesn't aim to replace home appraisers or real estate agents. "it is meant as something to help buyers and sellers start a conversation.""trouble is, because zillow is loaded with dirty data in some places and missing key factoids in others, its zestimates often miss the mark -- sometimes so widely that i fear that anyone trying to buy or sell a home could get burned by relying on zillow" says leslie walker.zillow runs its own internal analyses to calculate its accuracy rate by comparing actual transactions as they occur with the automated estimates provided by its computerized valuation system. nationwide, 62 percent of all zestimates fall within 10 percent of the selling price, according to zillow. that means 38 percent are more than 10 percent off the mark, which is quite significant!bottom line: zillow is just another tool to start the process of determining a property's value. if you want a true estimate based on all available data as well as a qualified professional's opinion as to value, contact an appraiser or a santa clarita real estate agent.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: zillow, appraisal, santa clarita, real estate, property, value



posted by linda slocum @ 8:00 am  
      
         1 comments






sunday, february 19, 2006



	 new credit card scam
    


new scam targeting santa clarita homeownerswatch out for the new credit card scam!this one's a little trickier than most... the caller already has your name and credit card number, and they act like they're calling you about recent activity on your account that appears to be fraudulent.what they're after is the 3-4 digit security code on the back of your credit card. with this number in addition to the information they already have, they can easily make online purchases on your account.if you get a call from someone acting like they're from your credit card company, do not give them any additional information regarding your account! if you're not sure who the caller is, then hang up and call the number on the back of your credit card yourself.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: credit, credit card, santa clarita, scam, phone, telephone



posted by linda slocum @ 8:14 am  
      
         1 comments






tuesday, february 07, 2006



	 henry mayo hospital expansion update
    


meeting tonight at city hallaccording to a city of santa clarita staff report issued today, tonight's meeting regarding the hospital expansion will address issues raised at previous meetings. issues at hand are the following proposed project revisions:reducing the western office building to 3-stories, with a maximum height of 43 feet and increasing the setback by 5 feet.increasing the western parking structure setback by 9 feet, and reduce the portion of the structure on the western side by one level to 27 feet above grade, excluding parking lot lights. increasing the eastern portion of the structure by one level to compensate for the reduction in the western portion of the structure. the western part of the parking structure is the closest to the existing homes.possibly moving the helipad from the top of one of the patient towers to the top of the parking structure closest to mcbean and avenida navarre.modify the phases of the project so the first phase includes the medical office building at orchard village and mcbean parkway as well as the parking structure closest to mcbean and avenida navarre.with these proposed changes, as well as other inconsistencies in the original deir for this project, the city will start a new 45-day review period for comments. the original deir review period ended on december 31, 2005.the residents opposing portions of the expansion have hired a consultant to help both the developer and the residents to come to terms regarding the homeowners' concerns about the obstruction of their views, the effect of the new helipad and increased traffic flow in the area.the santa clarita planning commission will meet at 7 p.m. tonight in city hall council chambers, 23920 valencia blvd.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: hospital, henry mayo, santa clarita, planning, city hall, valencia



posted by linda slocum @ 12:20 pm  
      
         0 comments






friday, february 03, 2006



	 prado condo conversion update
    


tenants to be given first right of refusalthe prado apartments, recently renamed the madison, will start releasing units for sale to existing tenants shortly.the release to tenants will be done in phases, and not all tenants are expected to exercise their option to buy their units. it is estimated that the prado is now about 70% occupied, and that maybe 1/2 of those tenants will become buyers.these luxury apartments have an abundance of high-end amenities, and the monthly hoa dues is expected to be in the nosebleed area of about $400 per month. pricing is expected to start at around $350,000 for the smallest units.units are expected to be released for public sale around june of this year.if you are interested in purchasing one of these units, please call me! our office is located in the retail level of the madison, so we are close by for any of your real estate needs.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: prado, apartment, santa clarita, condo, conversion, valencia



posted by linda slocum @ 10:15 am  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, february 01, 2006



	 new policies on illegal grading
    


l.a. county supervisors pass motionsanta clarita real estate development will be affected by the new l.a. county motion regarding illegal grading, which will increase the penalties for illegal grading. these penalties may include the seizure of equipment as well as monetary fines and stop work orders.quite often grading has been started in the santa clarita valley before permits have been issued, with builders "begging for forgiveness" after making a mess of the landscape rather than going through proper channels. this new motion presented by supervisor antonovich and approved by the los angeles county board of supervisors yesterday will hopefully help to alleviate this problem.specifically mentioned in the motion were properties on euclid avenue in val verde, on ranch club road in lake hughes and properties owned by pardee construction in their fair oaks ranch development in canyon country.now that the motion has been approved, the board of supervisors will work to develop the new rules, sanctions, fines and penalties that will be put into place.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: los angeles, illegal, santa clarita, grading, supervisors, permit



posted by linda slocum @ 9:23 am  
      
         0 comments









	 what's in a name...
    


valencia's prado luxury townhomes get a new namethe prado has quietly been changed to the madison in preparation for selling these luxury apartments as condos. all of the prado's websites have been taken offline, and they have been removed from newhall land's apartment directory as well. potential tenants will find that these apartments are no longer accepting new applications.the award-winning prado at town center drive was built by the hanover company and includes 341 units on four floors as well as 9,342 square feet of retail space.the timing and price ranges for the sale of the former the prado apartments have not yet been announced.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: prado, madison, santa clarita, tenant, hanover, lennar, valencia



posted by linda slocum @ 7:58 am  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, january 24, 2006



	 linda slocum to speak at san antonio crs sell-a-bration
    


chosen as one of "marketing's best of 2005"linda slocum has been chosen as one of the featured agents for the "marketing's best of 2005" general session at the upcoming crs sell-a-bration in san antonio, texas. she'll be sharing her honey start packing campaign with all attendees of this elite group of realtors®.the crs sell-a-bration is a forum for top agents and brokers in residential real estate to interact with and learn from one another. sell-a-bration® features unparalleled education sessions, top keynote speakers, and social and networking opportunities, which provide attendees with ideas and techniques that will have an immediate impact on their businesses.to earn the certified residential specialist (crs) designation, every realtor® must have significant experience and demonstrate volume of real estate transactions or gross sales, as well as complete rigorous educational requirements. less than 4 percent of all licensed realtors® are certified residential specialists, and linda slocum is a member of that elite 4 percent.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: slocum, crs, santa clarita, sellabraion, residential, network



posted by linda slocum @ 4:08 pm  
      
         0 comments






monday, january 23, 2006



	 blackberry appeal denied
    


u.s. supreme court rejects appealthe u.s. supreme court rejected an appeal of the patent infringement ruling against the developers of the blackberry today.what does this mean to the estimated 3 million blackberry users in the us? it's hard to say at this point... technicaly the judge could order blackberry services to be shut down in the us, but they are still seeking other solutions to this issue.one of the arguments is that the blackberry transmissions are relayed from canada, the headquarters of blackberry's developer research in motion (rim). they argue that a section of the u.s. patent act bars unauthorized use of a patented invention "within the united states", and that they are transmitting from canada, not the u.s. rim is also seeking help from the u.s. patent and trademark office, which is reconsidering the ntp patents (the company that filed the patent infringement suit). preliminary comments from the u.s. patent office state that the ntp patents don't contain new inventions and should therefore be canceled.rim has stated that it has developed some sort of "workaround" in case they do not succeed in court.personally, i'm not a blackberry user, opting instead for the treo 650 mostly because of it's easy interface with programs that i normally use in my business. however, people that i go to for real estate support services use the blackberry's heavily, from lenders to title reps to escrow officers and many others who affect the flow of paperwork in any real estate transaction. so if the blackberry's use in the u.s. was banned, it would affect me greatly even though i don't use their devices. the blackberry devices are also used quite a bit by u.s. law enforcement personnel, so this could end up being a personal safety issue as well.should blackberry be denied the use of their product in the u.s. because of a prior patent by another company that has never developed products to go along with this patent? hopefully the u.s. patent office will find a way to allow the blackberry products to remain in use in the u.s. looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: blackberry, appeal, santa clarita, supreme court, patent, trademark



posted by linda slocum @ 11:35 am  
      
         0 comments






saturday, january 21, 2006



	 henry mayo hospital expansion plan opposed
    


homeowners near hospital opposed to 25-year expansion planvalencia homeowner david gauny launched a new website recently to oppose the proposed expansion of the henry mayo newhall memorial hospital.the proposed expansion would include three 5-story medical buildings and one 6-story building as well as three 5-story parking garages. it would also relocate the helicopter pad to the top of one of the buildings.gauny is concerned about the increased traffic flow and the potential obstruction of views of homes on the valencia summit because of these taller buildings.gauny's website states that the expansion would include only 55 additional beds at the hospital, but a hospital spokesperson stated that 225 beds would be added. gauny also claims that the expansion would include the removal of three homes and countless trees along orchard village road, but again the hospital states that this is untrue.homeowners who are in the immediate area that may be impacted by the expansion have apparently been invited to attend a private meeting next week to discuss this project and their concerns.read more on gauny's website at stophenrymayo.org and at the signal.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: hospital, henry mayo, santa clarita, planning, city hall, expansion, valencia



posted by linda slocum @ 6:21 pm  
      
         0 comments






thursday, january 19, 2006



	 tax savings for seniors
    


seniors can transfer the tax base of their current home to a new homecalifornia propositions 60 and 90 allow seniors 55 and over to transfer the property tax base of their current home to a new replacement home. only one spouse needs to be at least 55 to use this benefit.as with any good thing, there are some restrictions to note.this can only be used once! after you and your spouse have filed for this benefit, neither you nor your spouse can ever use it again.the replacement home must be purchased within 2 years of the sale of the original home.you must file your claim for the exemption within 3 years after the purchase or construction of the new home.the new home must be of equal or lesser value than the original home.you may move from another county in california and still receive this benefit in los angeles county.if you move to another county from los angeles county, then you'll need to check to see if that county will allow you to use the benefit. many do reciprocate, but some do not!for more information on prop 60 and 90 requirements, click herelooking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comtechnorati tags: seniors, tax, home, proposition, transfer, sale



posted by linda slocum @ 8:14 am  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, january 18, 2006




	 client of the month for january
    



      linda slocum was the featured client at advanced access for the month of january for her web design and the use of the internet as an integral part of her business. she uses the internet and email as part of her suite of technology resources to better serve her clients.click here for the full article.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comsanta clarita real estate



posted by linda slocum @ 9:07 pm  
      
         0 comments






saturday, january 14, 2006



	 hospital to build expanded emergency room and heart diagnostic center
    


fund raising campaign raises more than expected$14.5 million in cash and pledges was raised via a 3-year campaign and is earmarked for an expanded emergency department and a cardiac catheterization laboratory.tom and roberta veloz were major contributors to the campaign, with tom donating $1 million to start the campaign, and former wife roberta donating $3 million to provide funding for the cardiac cath lab, which will be named in her honor. the nonprofit henry mayo newhall memorial hospital relies on community support for expansion and improvements. looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comsanta clarita real estate



posted by linda slocum @ 11:06 am  
      
         2 comments









	 2300-home west creek project to move ahead
    


superior court judge gives newhall land the green light to buildnewhall land spokeswoman marlee lauffer said that they can now move forward on building west creek now that the legal battles are hopefully resolved.the community is to include a mix of single-family homes, condos and apartments, as well as a 17-acre park, an elementary school, commercial space, a fire station and about 50 percent of the entire site will be left as open space.with the exception of a few minor permits, lauffer said that newhall land will likely move ahead with physical site work "within the next couple of months".the santa clarita organization for planning the environment has challenged this development, claiming that newhall land did not adequately research water supplies in its eir. scope president lynne plambeck said that the fight is far from over, and they will consider appealing the ruling. in addition to the project’s close location to the santa clara river, she said, "we really have to start thinking about all this expansion that’s being done (with) water from northern california".seems to me that newhall land has already started physical site work, or is that just an illusion?looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comsanta clarita real estate



posted by linda slocum @ 10:36 am  
      
         0 comments






friday, january 13, 2006



	 santa clarita real estate less affordable than in prior years
    


car's monthly housing affordability index drops againthe california association of realtors (car) reported that only 14% of california households were able to afford a median-priced home in november. that's down from 19% in november 2004.in los angeles county, the percentage was only 11%, compared to 17% in 2004.a family needed an income of at least $133,390 in november to purchase a median-priced california home priced at $548,400 based on an effective interest rate of 6.26% and assuming a 20% down payment.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comsanta clarita real estate



posted by linda slocum @ 7:47 pm  
      
         0 comments









	 house-o-phobia?
    


looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comsanta clarita real estate



posted by linda slocum @ 7:44 am  
      
         0 comments






tuesday, january 10, 2006




	 santa clarita residents to ante up for $12 million idiocy
    



los angeles superior court awards $12 million to rfi for junk landthe owners of the contaminated bermite property have been awarded $12 million as a result of a court battle that started when the city decided to run a cross-valley connector through their property.seems the superior court has no concept as to fair market value, since the property is contaminated with rocket fuel and is totally useless unless that situation is remediated... which rfc apparently has decided not to do. so why the big award? is the superior court trying to make an example out of this project, or is there another agenda at work here?read more on the signal's editorial page.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comsanta clarita real estate



posted by linda slocum @ 11:30 am  
      
         0 comments






monday, january 09, 2006



	 2006 real estate laws update
    


2006 law changes affecting santa clarita real estate some new laws have taken effect as of january 1, 2006 that may affect the way you handle your real estate transactions. the small claims court ruling can affect many areas, so it's important to note that the maximum claim has been increased.for those who are selling by owner, make sure that you're in compliance with these new laws as well. selling without a real estate agent does not exempt you from compliance with these new laws. also, if you are selling by owner, don't forget to list your home online for free at http://byownersantaclarita.comsmall claims courtthe maximum monetary claim an individual may bring into small claims court has been increased from $5,000 to $7,500. legal entities such as corporations, partnerships, or governmental entities do not qualify for this increase. for more information, see ca assembly bill 1459 and senate bill 422.supplemental property taxesbuyers may not realize that a change of ownership triggers reassessment ofproperty taxes and that they may have to pay supplemental tax bills. the new law requires sellers of most residential properties up to four units, or their agents, to disclose to their buyers that they may owe supplemental taxes. for more information, see ca assembly bill 459.notice to terminate tenancylandlords may now give a 30-day notice to terminate their month-to-month tenants (unless rent control or subsidized housing rules apply). existing law that requires a 60-day notice of termination under certain circumstances will sunset at the end of this year.methamphetamine-contaminated propertiesproperty owners must disclose in writing to prospective buyers or tenants if local health officials have issued an order prohibiting the use or occupancy of a property contaminated by meth lab activity. the owner must also give a copy of the pending order to the buyer or tenant and acknowledge the receipt in writing. failure to comply with these requirements may subject an owner to, among other things, a civil penalty up to $5,000. this new law also establishes procedures for local authorities to deal with meth-contaminated properties, including the filing of a lien against a property until the owner cleans up the contamination or pays for the cleanup costs.for more information, see ca assembly bill 1078.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comsanta clarita real estate



posted by linda slocum @ 12:17 pm  
      
         0 comments






friday, january 06, 2006



	 arms now offer less interest-payment savings
    


higher interest rates diminish savings of adjustable home loans.consumers are getting smaller interest-payment savings on adjustable-rate mortgages compared to fixed-rate loans now that the federal reserve has raised short-term interest rates, a study of such loans has found."when the interest-rate difference between a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage and the fully-indexed arm rate decreases, lenders generally offer a larger initial rate discount on the arm," observed frank nothaft of freddie mac. "the larger initial discounts increase the initial rate benefit of an arm compared with fixed-rate loans, helping lenders to maintain arm originations." over the last several years, annually adjusting arms with an initial "fixed-rate" period of more than one year, known as "hybrid" arms, have grown in popularity. within that product type, arms with an initial fixed-rate period of five years, known as "5/1" arms, have been the dominant choice of consumers. "in 2005, two-in-five arms were 5/1 hybrids," commented nothaft.courtesy of inman newslooking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comsanta clarita real estate



posted by linda slocum @ 6:55 pm  
      
         0 comments






saturday, december 31, 2005



	 2006 real estate forecast: rent or buy?
    


is the fear of falling housing prices keeping you from buying your dream home? read on!seasonal forces combined with slightly higher interest rates and high prices during november to yield a temporary slowdown in sales of single-family homes and condominiums in the santa clarita valley, yet the forecast for sales remains strong and prices are expected to continue to rise, the southland regional association of realtors reported.the median price of single-family homes sold last month in the santa clarita valley tied the record high of $595,000, up $95,000 over the same period a year ago, the association reported. condominiums that changed owners had a median price of $385,000, off 2.5 percent from the record set in october, although the median was  still $80,000 higher than november 2004."prices may float up and down around the record highs," said mike davis, president of the association’s santa clarita valley division, "but one thing is clear: housing is not going to get any cheaper."sales activity typically slackens during the closing months of every year, but this year the slowdown is more pronounced as buyers pause after years of a bullish sellers’ market to judge the impact of interest rates that have risen from historical lows and to see if sellers will moderate their price demands. "no one thinks the sellers’ market is over or that resale prices will fall below current levels," said jim link, the association’s executive vice president. "however, it is clear that buyers have a little more time to weigh their options, that there are more properties listed for sale, and that sellers no longer can list properties well in excess of comparable sales support."link and davis agreed that it is inevitable rising prices eventually will force buyers to hesitate out of fear they may spread their finances too thin, even if interest rates stay within current affordable ranges. yet both fully expected to see sales take off again and prices continue to rise – albeit at a more moderate rate – in early 2006."everything is on track to see sales rise again,” davis said. “the economy is strong, jobs are increasing, businesses are coming to the santa clarita valley and while the inventory of homes listing for sale has increased, it is still in extremely short supply relative to demand.""we’ll take any increase in the inventory," link said, "yet with demand so high and inventory still so tight, it’s clear that we’re light years away from the end of this sellers’ market.""you cannot move up to your dream home, build any equity or take advantage of the tax breaks until you grab hold of the first rung of the housing ladder," davis said. "but go ahead, keep paying rent for another year in the hope that prices will fall. i’ll bet all you’ll get is a happy landlord and the sad realization that you’re another 10 percent, 15 percent or more away from owning a home."looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comsanta clarita real estate



posted by linda slocum @ 8:15 am  
      
         0 comments






monday, december 19, 2005



	 thinking of selling? tips for getting top dollar.
    


so... you're getting ready to put your house on the market and you want to get top dollar for it. what should you do to prepare it for sale?most people think in terms of doing a spring cleaning in order to prepare a home for sale, but sometimes much more is needed in order to "keep up with the joneses", or be consistent with other homes in your area. if you're like most homeowners, your home will likely have some normal wear and tear. it's best to freshen things up a bit, especially if you're in a more pricey neighborhood. what should you do? here are some tips to get you started:replacing carpet can sometimes be avoided, but if yours is an odd color or is worn or stained, replacement may be in order. buyers want things to look clean and neat, and carpet past its prime can be a real eyesore. choose neutral colors and purchase the best quality carpet pad to make the new carpeting "cushy". stay away from unusual styles as well.when replacing floors with wood, use either bamboo or maple. forget the veneered stuff and the laminates. parquet is also out - if you do have parquet in the entryway, consider replacing it.freshly paint walls, trim and possibly ceilings as well. adjoining rooms should be painted in similar (or the same) colors, which will make the home appear larger and flow better. make sure that all paint spills and drips are cleaned up.mismatched or worn furniture in a room can be unified with either slipcovers or other decorative touches such as pillows or throws. consider moving furniture pieces to other rooms as well.remove heavy window drapes and open the blinds. light and bright can often overcome other issues with the home.replace mismatched or inexpensive door and drawer hardware for a quick update. a knob that comes off in a potential buyer's hand can be a real turn-off - be sure to test all knobs, pulls and other door and cabinet hardware.maximize storage space in closets by using organizers. remove excess items and put them in storage. paint the inside of the closets a neutral color. the potential buyers should be able to see some wall space instead of just clothes and stored items.if your remodeling efforts result in the walls being opened up, then take the opportunity to install technology wiring for high-speed internet, cable, and wi-fi. "wired homes" are definitely a plus for buyers.hire a cleaning service to polish every surface until it shines. be sure to clean and polish floors as well. dirty homes are a definite turn-off to buyers.make the home more buyer-friendly by storing all family photos, religious items and highly personal items. buyers need to be able to see themselves living in the home, and it's difficult when they see someone else's family artifacts everywhere.limit the furniture and accessories in every room. less is more, and buyers are looking to purchase your home not your furniture and personal items. make sure there is adequate lighting in every room. replace all burnt-out light bulbstake the time to clean, organize and paint the garage if it's in need of attention. replace worn or out-of-date switch covers and outlet covers.remove mirrored walls and ceilings. mirrored walls make the house look dated, and mirrored ceilings open up areas of conversation that are best left alone.make sure there is a good traffic flow pattern. furniture that is blocking walkways can make it difficult for groups of buyers to move around the house freely.remove all dated and dusty silk flowers and plants, including the ones high up above the kitchen cabinets and other display areas.invite a full-time real estate agent who is familiar with home staging to view your home before and after your interior design pre-market update.if you're remodeling, don't:install kitchen cabinets that are below the standard for your area.assume that everyone loves stainless steel appliances. they're harder to clean and they don't hold refrigerator magnets.install wallpaper. remove all wallpaper and repaint to make the house more neutral.overlook the front door. first impressions count. paint the door, polish the hardware and light the entry area and house numbers.stain newly refinished floors dark colors. lighter is brighter, and the buyers can restain in a darker color if they choose. need help in deciding what to do to prepare your home for sale? linda slocum is an accredited staging professional(tm) and can help you properly prepare your home for sale.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comsanta clarita real estate



posted by linda slocum @ 2:49 pm  
      
         0 comments









	 as the market turns
    


how to buy and sell in a changing real estate marketas markets begin to turn across the country sellers and buyers should look for experienced agents who have been through different business cycles. although we haven't experienced significant downturns in the santa clarita real estate market yet, there are clear signs that some homes are overpriced compared to the competition and to prior sales.inexperienced agents are the last to know when a market is turning, and are the least equipped to deal with it. often they are afraid to go back to the seller and recommend a repositioning in the marketplace because just a few short weeks ago they recommended a certain listing price. they tend to try and create something out of nothing, all the while the seller is getting further behind the market as new listings enter the market and old ones reduce their price. you never want to get caught chasing the market down.inexperienced buyer agents may not realize the market is turning and you could end up paying a higher price than you should in a declining market.by choosing an agent who has experience, you'll maximize what you get for your home, and you'll sell it much faster. as a seller, you're really in competition with all the other sellers out there for the most qualified buyers. too many sellers believe they're in competition with the buyer, which really isn't the case.always call the most market-savvy agent you can find rather than going with a "newbie". chances are, they've seen the up's and down's of your marketplace, and they won't be surprised by what happens next. it's your home, and a large part of your life savings. don't gamble it away with a newer agent who doesn't know.85% of agents in the marketplace today have only seen 1 business cycle. in a boom market, everyone gets lucky at some point, and if you're wrong, the market will eventually catch you. simple supply and demand economics take over, and because there are many buyes for your home, if the agent screws it up, there's always another buyer to practice with. in a changing or declining market, this isn't so. you'll want an agent who's had all the practice and is ready to pass the test.this article courtesy of brett ellis.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comsanta clarita real estate



posted by linda slocum @ 11:25 am  
      
         0 comments






saturday, december 17, 2005



	 real estate marketing: take your pick!
    


minimal-service, low-cost brokers: are they right for you?with more and more information becoming available on the internet, some homesellers are starting to think that they can do just as well with minimal-service, low-cost brokers as they can with full-service brokers.the choices currently available to sellers are:full service: agents who provide a full range of marketing, negotiating, staging and other services to the sellers.discount: agents who will work for less than 2% and may or may not provide full service. typically these agents survive only where they can do a high volume of transactions. when the market cools, these agents typically go into hibernation.flat fee: the one fee fits all plan. services may vary, and you may still have to pay the fee even if the house doesn't sell.rebate: get some money back from the sale price. be sure to watch out for any restrictions on the rebate.pay as you go: pay the agents by the hour. again, you may have to pay even if the house doesn't sell.for sale by owner: marketing can be a major issue, and this is not for the legally challenged or otherwise timid.matt davis, a real estate attorney with the seattle-based demco law firm was recently interviewed by the seattle post-intelligencer. matt says that "today the information is completely available on the internet ... but the problem is that there are lots of pitfalls between signing the contract and getting into the house."a real estate agent's primary service is knowing trends in the inventory, what houses are for sale and how much they are selling for, and understanding the pitfalls that lurk in the "fill in the blank" spots on the boilerplate contracts."they are drafting a $500,000 contract, so the question is, how much training do they have, individually and as a company, to make sure the contract is enforceable," said davis.where agents are often invaluable, said davis, is at the last minute."in order to close a deal, you need mortgage, title, escrow and the brokerage ... and even today, they don't always communicate well together," said davis. "a lot of times, they will rely on the agents to be the hub for that because the agents tend to be more reliable and on the ball." davis calls real estate agents "the steward of the transaction" -- especially that one-in-10 deal that turns into a war zone.although some minimal-service brokerages do provide a full work-up of comparable sales in the area from their agent, no one will stop by the seller's house to tell them it was too cluttered with furniture to fetch a high price, or to point out other little details that inexplicably stick in a potential buyer's mind on that first, and often final, walk-through of the property.and although the minimal-service agents may send them for sale signs, no one will put together digital photos, artists' renderings or video commercials on the internet to lure buyers.not receiving any of these "extras" from a minimal-service broker may mean receiving a lower price for your home as well as enduring a lot more headaches. consider this: with a higher price obtained for the home, even after considering the larger commission paid for a higher level of service with a full-service broker, many homeowners will come out with the same or more net cash in their pocket, which is what's most important. and the time and frustration saved can be invaluable - it's hard to put a price tag on the benefits when the transaction starts to go south and the broker needs to step in to save the deal.consider personal safety as well when showing your home to strangers by yourself. be sure to read this article for important updates on personal safety: safety first! don't let potential buyers into your home without an appointment!looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comsanta clarita real estate



posted by linda slocum @ 10:08 pm  
      
         0 comments









	 remodeling: does it pay off?
    


realtor® magazine's "2005 cost vs. value" report shows that remodeling can definitely pay off!here are their findings for western us kitchen remodels:minor remodel with a functional but dated 200-square-foot kitchen with 30 linear feet of cabinetry and countertops. leave cabinet boxes in place but replace fronts with new raised-panel wood doors and drawers. replace wall oven and cooktop with new energy-efficient models. replace laminate countertops and install midpriced sink and faucet. repaint trim, add wall covering, and replace existing flooring with resilient flooring. cost: $15,328 resale value: $17,209 amount recouped: 112.3% midrange remodel including updating an outmoded 200-square-foot kitchen with design and installation of a functional layout of 30 linear feet of semi-custom wood cabinets, including a 3-by-5-foot island, laminate countertops, and standard double-tub stainless-steel sink with standard single-lever faucet. includes energy-efficient wall oven, cooktop, ventilation system; built-in microwave, dishwasher, garbage disposal; and custom lighting. add resilient flooring. finish with painted walls, trim, and ceiling. cost: $45,242 resale value: $45,353 amount recouped: 100.2% upscale remodel including updating outmoded 200-square-foot kitchen with 30 linear feet of top-of-the-line custom cherry cabinets with built-in sliding shelves and other interior accessories. include stone countertops with imported ceramic or glass tile backsplash; built-in refrigerator, cooktop, and 36-inch commercial grade range and vent hood; and built-in warming drawer, trash compactor, and combination microwave and convection oven. install high-end undermount sink with designer faucets and built-in water filtration system. add general and task lighting, including low-voltage under-cabinet lights. install cork flooring with cherry trim. cost: $83,720 resale value: $77,812 amount recouped: 92.9% of course this doesn't completely take into consideration the fact that some of the homes may not have sold for anything other than a discounted price if the kitchen remodels hadn't been done at all, but this should give some guidelines as to what to expect when remodeling a kitchen prior to selling a home.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comsanta clarita real estate



posted by linda slocum @ 6:14 pm  
      
         0 comments









	 neighborhood home searches added!
    


neighborhood home searches have been added to the right sidebar!click on any of the santa clarita neighborhoods on the sidebar to see available homes in that area!feel free to explore any of these neighborhoods to get a good idea of what the santa clarita area has to offer. more neighborhoods will be added soon!looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comsanta clarita real estate



posted by linda slocum @ 1:50 pm  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, december 14, 2005



	 2005 santa clarita housing market in review
    


2005 and looking forwardonce again, santa clarita experienced significant price increases during 2005. top economists predict that we will continue to see home prices increase through 2006, although at a slower pace. during october 2004, the california association of realtors (car) “2005 housing market forecast” predicted a 15% increase in the median home price in california for 2005. the actual statewide median home price increase through november 2005 has been about 17.2% according to car.the median price of an existing single-family home in santa clarita in november increased 17.84% percent compared with the same period a year ago, according to statistics compiled by the southland regional association of realtors. the median price for november 2005 was $588,000.“while california is still experiencing year-over-year double-digit price appreciation, prices are starting to level off compared with the statewide peak reached in august 2005,” said c.a.r. president vince malta. “regionally, the median price continues to post strong gains, with the high desert, riverside/san bernardino, and san luis obispo regions hitting record highs last month.”santa clarita’s year-to-date single-family home sales in november were 2.35% percent below last year’s level, with 2005 sales (closed escrows) of 3,525 homes versus 2004 sales of 3,610.more highlights of santa clarita resale housing figures for november 2005:• unsold inventory index for existing, single-family detached homes in santa clarita in november 2005 was 5.42 months, compared with 3.65 months for the same period a year ago. the index indicates the number of months needed to deplete the supply of homes on the market at the current sales rate, and these numbers are not seasonally adjusted.• thirty-year fixed mortgage interest rates averaged 6.26 percent during november 2005, compared with 5.81 percent in november 2004, according to freddie mac. adjustable mortgage interest rates averaged 5.16 percent in november 2005 compared with 5.14 percent in november 2004.• the average number of days it took to sell a single-family home in santa clarita was 43 days in november 2005, compared with 52 days for the same period a year ago.david lereah, the national association of realtors (nar’s) chief economist, said the pace of price appreciation in the third quarter of 2005 is far from being normal over time. “these historically high home price gains are the simple result of more buyers than sellers in the market,” he said. “the good news is that inventory levels are improving, and [the nationwide] housing supply will come close to buyer demand in 2006. in other words, we expect a healthy and more balanced market next year.”since 1968, nationwide home prices generally have risen between 1 and 2 percentage points faster than the overall rate of inflation; the historic average price gain appears high relative to inflation because there was a period of rapid inflation in the u.s. during the 1970s and early 1980s.nar president thomas m. stevens explained what buyers and sellers generally can expect in the coming year. “this calmer [nationwide] real estate market will create a more level environment for buyers in weighing options to invest in the american dream of homeownership. sellers will enjoy very healthy gains on the value of their home, but should expect annual increases to be much closer to historic levels going forward.”looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comsanta clarita real estate



posted by linda slocum @ 7:32 am  
      
         0 comments










	 economists point at restrictions on development as cause of housing price increases
    



man-made restrictions push housing prices upeconomists are now saying that the political and regulatory processes of smart growth, slow growth and no growth movements have been a major contributor to housing shortages and thus the run-up of housing prices.the remarkable run of record housing sales and prices since 1998 has become a major puzzle and topic among economists. the high prices have put homeownership out of reach for many young people and low-income households hoping to break into the market. economists increasingly are concluding that the shortage of affordable housing in washington and other major u.s. cities on the east and west coasts is a result more of man-made restrictions on development than high construction costs or other market forces. 'it simply takes too long and is too expensive to move through the development process,' said mark vitner, senior economist at wachovia securities, pointing at 'smart growth, slow growth and no growth' movements in many of the same areas where the population and demand for housing are growing the fastest. what many economists have been proclaiming as a 'bubble' in washington and other high-cost areas can be mostly explained by the restrictions on development, combined with a rush to homeownership by renters taking advantage of low interest rates, he said. the restrictions have mounted as homeowners have grown more powerful and more willing to use their power to stop or greatly restrict development in their neighborhoods through the political and regulatory processes and the courts, according to a study published recently by the national bureau of economic research. see the full rismedia article here.looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comsanta clarita real estate



posted by linda slocum @ 7:21 am  
      
         0 comments






wednesday, november 30, 2005



	 safety first! don't let potential buyers into your home without an appointment!
    


an elderly couple in new mexico was robbed at gunpoint after letting in a "potential buyer" who knocked on their door.the man saw that the couple's home was for sale and knocked on their door, posing as a potential buyer. the home was listed for sale with a local realtor, but they had not been contacted. the man looked around and asked questions before pulling out a handgun and ordering them to lay down while he went through the home taking jewelry and cash.fortunately, the couple was not injured during this incident.bernalillo county sheriff's detective james hampsten said, "if you are selling a house and have the house listed, make sure they make appointments ahead of time, get phone numbers, names and have them go through a realtor."whether you are selling your home "by owner" or using a realtor, this is excellent advice to follow!looking for santa clarita area homes? click here to check out the latest listings!click here for our easy automated home finder!linda slocumhoneystartpacking.comsanta clarita real estate



posted by linda slocum @ 7:22 pm  
      
         0 comments






to have grown wise and kind is real success. anonymous





about me

name:  linda slocum 
location:  santa clarita, california, united states 
linda slocum has the motivation and know-how to get you the results you deserve when you buy or sell a home.  

linda takes pride in her "get it done" attitude, and puts it to work in each of her transactions. 

she puts a strong emphasis on marketing, which allows homebuyers to have a large spectrum of options and allows sellers to gain maximum exposure on their properties.  

she is also highly qualified; she is a licensed cpa and holds her e-pro, sres, abr and crs designations.
view my complete profile



submit your news item

click here to submit your news item!

links

automated home finder system
find out what you're home is worth
santa clarita real estate info and resources
search for santa clarita real estate
see what your neighbor's home sold for
mysantaclaritahome.com
valencia northpark real estate
valencia copperhill real estate
valencia northbridge real estate
tesoro del valle real estate
stevenson ranch real estate
google news

neighborhood home searches

valencia homes near kohl's and the hospital
valencia condos/townhomes near kohl's and the hospital
valencia bridgeport homes/townhomes
valencia copperhill homes/townhomes
north valencia homes (older homes, no hoa's)
valencia north river condos/townhomes (north of newhall ranch rd)
valencia northbridge homes
valencia northpark homes
valencia summit homes/townhomes
valencia woodlands homes/townhomes
valencia westridge homes/townhomes
tesoro del valle homes (north end of valencia)
stevenson ranch homes/townhomes/condos
plum canyon homes/townhomes/condos
sand canyon homes
saugus copperhill homes/townhomes
bouquet canyon (saugus) homes/townhomes/condos
circle j ranch homes

top agent real estate blogs of interest

top agent blog
gulf shores and orange beach, alabama real estate blog
anchorage, alaska real estate blog
northwest arkansas real estate blog
san diego, california real estate blog
south bay, california real estate blog
highlands ranch and south metro denver real estate blog
summit county, colorado real estate blog
lee county, florida real estate blog
indianapolis real estate blog
baton rouge, louisiana real estate blog
southwest michigan real estate blog
oakland county, michigan real estate blog
ann arbor, michigan real estate blog
long island, ny real estate blog
rockland county, new york real estate blog
san antonio, texas real estate blog
okemo mountain, vermont real estate blog
hampton roads, virginia real estate blog

previous posts

stonecrest annexation: whose payroll is this anti-...
realtors set to vote on new bylaws
the los valles golf course
suncal to build 60 more homes at tesoro del valle
valencia creekside homes slipping away
mule ranch to be converted to business and retail ...
model-perfect home in valencia is an enchanting tr...
live-work units to be developed
santa clarita real estate annexations
the madison condo conversion update

file cabinet


site feed

subscribe to santa clarita real estate blog





 













web counter

blogroll me!








linda slocum
vintage sotheby's international realty
23822 valencia blvd., ste 101, valencia, california 91355
office: (661) 670-0349 direct: (661) 406-1662 fax: (661) 793-7294
blog@honeystartpacking.com
linda slocum santa clarita real estate








