

 velvita: deer velvet antler dietary health supplement







 sportswell: producers of natural dietary supplements 
        to improve your life











 









  
        

 

"velvita" 
        deer velvet antler capsules
velvita igf-1 
testimonials
research
premium 
        quality 
guarantee
faq
ordering
security 
        privacy






 
 
 
eer 
              velvet antler is proving to be one of the most beneficial products 
              in natural medicine. oriental physicians have regarded it as essential 
              for health, energy and wellbeing for the past 2000 years.





"velvita™" 
            premium quality 
deer velvet antler 
            dietary supplement
it 
            is prized for its health-giving properties as a restorative tonic.the 
            west is now benefiting from deer velvet antler and its range of natural 
            properties. deer velvet antler is a unique product.
buy now - click 
          here to order 


consistent 
            with holistic oriental medicine philosophies of promoting ‘wellness’ 
            rather than curing ‘illness’, velvet’s primary use 
            is as a tonic to maintain general good health.  highly 
            trained oriental medicine doctors prescribe velvet in combination 
            with a number of herbs, according to the treatment required.
deer velvet antler 
            has been found to contain a variety of complex elements, including 
            amino acids (almost half of its substance), enzymes, minerals, vitamins, 
            fats, male and female hormones and leuteinizing hormone, and a very 
            potent growth-promoting hormone known as ifg-1 (insulin-like growth 
            factor). 
in addition, deer 
            antler velvet is largely cartilage, whose many components include 
            chondroycytes, condroblasts, glucosamine, glycosaminoglycans, chondroitin 
            sulfate a, and prostaglandins.
renewed sexual energy may be a pleasant side effect of improved wellness.click 
            here to find out more. many of the traditional uses of velvet 
            are now becoming supported by western science. research is ongoing, 
            assessing the degree of effectiveness in the following areas:




the immune system


 
              athletic performance and strength


 
              anti-inflammatory properties


the 
              effects on stress


its 
              role in growth


 
              the effects on osteoporosis


its 
              role in arthritis


its 
              role in supporting animal health in horses and dogs.


encouaging 
              blood vessel proliferation

its 
            role in wound healing

liver 
              function protection


toxicology


check 
          out deer velvet antler research here






new velvita igf-1 spray
velvita igf-1                   velvet antler extract is a exciting new product. experience for                   yourself the powerful strengthening and energizing qualities of                   deer antler velvet extract in a spray for maximum potency and                   effectiveness. velvita igf1 is a standardized soluble                   formulation of the extract pantocrinum, a natural material found                   in red deer antlers. the formulation procedure preserves all of                   the extract’s active ingredients in a pure form, a process                   that boosts the already high blood absorption rate of  velvita igf-1                   spray. 


natural                       source of igf-1 and growth hormones 


 proven faster recovery from physical exertion and injury

has anti-aging properties

increase                       sexual performance 


higher                       energy levels 


increase                       muscular strength, endurance and lean body mass 


build                       a powerful immune system 


look                       and feel younger

more youthful skin                     and hair
provides nutritional                     support for bone and joint structure and function
buy now - click 
                    here to order
to find out more click here 

new 
                  research on benefits for sports people and bodybuilders -improved 
                  leg strength
original 
                  nz data suggested a positive effect of deer velvet antler for 
                  weight training. the research has been repeated in the us. the 
                  most crucial finding is that deer velvet antler significantly 
                  increased strength in relation to body weight and most noticably 
                  in the leg squat exercise. a second feature was that aerobic 
                  capacity was also improved. see research section for more details.
new research on wound healing properties
continuing 
                  research is highlighting the wound healing properties of deer 
                  velvet antler. scientists are seeking to find the factors in 
                  deer velvet that promote blood vessel growth and apply them 
                  to healing of particularily chronic wounds.








regulations 
            provided in the us dietary supplement health and education act of 
            1994 (dshea) allow for use of certain statements called "statements 
            of nutritional support." the use of nutritional support 
            statements must be substantiated by sufficient scientific research. 
            nutrinfo corporation, a well-established regulatory affairs consulting 
            firm in the dietary supplement business has reviewed the scientific 
            research on velvet antler and concluded that there is substantiation 
            to allow for the following nutritional support statement: 
            "nutritional support for joint structure and function" 
            the key ingredients in velvet antler associated with the support for 
            joints are collagen type ii and chondroitin sulfate. 
 many studies 
              have shown most of the carbohydrate in antler is proteoglycan, which 
              is a combination of protein and carbohydrate. the carbohydrate protein 
              is primarily glycosaminoglycan, of which chondroitinn sulphate is 
              by far the predominant constituent. 
collagen is 
              a protein, an important part of connective tissue, and is the most 
              common protein in the body. a report published by nutrinfo, indicated 
              there is a significant body of scientific research which shows that 
              orally administered collagen may help relieve some symptoms of rheumatoid 
              arthritis for some people.


in general deer velvet antler may have 
              range of benefits.it may:





help maintain good 
                nutitional health




help maintain a 
                solid sense of wellbeing






help athletes 
                    nutritionally






help support joint 
                structure and function






check out the deer velvet antler dietary supplement swicki at eurekster.com


 
try some 
        and find out for yourself

what 
          is velvet antler
          deer velvet antler is the antlers of male deer during the phase of rapid 
          growth so called because of the velvet-like covering of skin. deer velvet 
          antler is living tissue which grows at a very fast rate of up to 2 cm/day 
          in some deer species. this means that cartilage, bone, and support tissues 
          such as nerves, blood vessels and hair follicles must also grow at this 
          phenomenal rate. deer velvet is the only known mammalian organ that 
          regenerates in this way. the rate of growth would be the equivalent 
          of regrowing an arm in a matter of 60 to 90 days. how are deer able 
          to do this? what are the physiological changes that the animal goes 
          through? because of this, scientists are actively researching the reasons 
          for such growth and seeking to exploit anterlers features for human 
          benefit. check out some of the latest research 
          here
 it may be that 
          the factors responsible for the rapid regeneration of the velvet antler 
          can explain the benefits of the product. these combined features of 
          velvet are likely to be caused either by unique regulatory substances 
          or substances found in other tissues but at lower levels. in a world 
          where natural medicines have achieved some prominence, its unique features 
          places velvet in an exclusive position of importance for improved human 
          benefits.
a 
          renewable resource
          velvet antler is unique in that it grows each spring, is cast in the 
          late winter and is replaced the following spring by the same natural 
          process. deer velvet antler is not only a product unique in the animal 
          kingdom but is it can be considered as a renewable resource. it can 
          be removed annually with no harm to the animal.









  


deer 
                  velvet is endorsed by

                justin rys
former 
                  mr new zealand 




"deer 
                  velvet gave me the extra edge."





"i 
                    introduced it as part of my training program to win the international 
                    federation of body builders, mr new zealand title."
check out my book "muscle building secrets unleashed" 










"deer 
            antler velvet is poised to be one of the most versatile multipurpose 
            natural remedies to arrive in the west..."


life 
              extension magazine

****special 
              ****

"velvita" 
            premium quality deer velvet antler dietary supplement. 



100% 
          risk free purchase 

take 
            advantage of our "buy three, 
              get one free" offer
 each bottle contains  100 x 200mg capsules
deer extract igf-1 sublingual spray - 30 ml per bottle, 5000 ng igf-1  
check out the you tube video on deer velvet antler below 












buy now
click 
                          here to order now by paypal 



click 
                    here to look at other payments options




because this order form is secure, it may take up to a minute to load during peak hours-so please be patient.



  




 
 





take 
                  advantage of our 100% risk free purchase 
"money 
                  back guarantee"

john ryan, sportswell limited, 
                  you can also contact us at sportswell limited by email at sportswe@paradise.net.nz
fax: 0064 4 2932597, phone: 0064 4 293 2597. 









home 
                | how 
                "velvita" works | testimonials 
                | frequently asked questions | guarantee 
                | security & privacy | 
                ordering online | research | e-mail 
                us | links |  
                official exporter registration certificate 




©1998-2000 sportswell limited. all rights reserved. all information is intended 
                  for your general knowledge only and is not a substitute for medical 
                  advice or treatment for specific medical conditions. the food and drug 
                  administration has not evaluated the statements on this site. these 
                  products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent disease. 
                  you should seek prompt medical care for any specific health issues and 
                  consult your physician before starting a new health or fitness regime. note: people with a medical challenge, pregnant and lactating 
                  women, and those already under a physician's care should consult with 
                  their physician before using this product."velvita" is a dietary supplement.as individuals differ, so will results. use of this online service is subject to this disclaimer and the terms of use "velvita" is a trade mark for premium quality deer velvet antler marketed by sportswell limited.





