








a.p.i. monitoring inc. - wholesale alarm monitoring





























































































home
about
monitoring services

burglary & security alarm monitoring
fire alarm monitoring
video monitoring & video verification
elevator monitoring
emergency response system monitoring


locations
contact




find out more
























welcome to a.p.i. monitoring inc.
serving the alarm industry for 41 years.
learn more about a.p.i. monitoring inc.











welcome to a.p.i. monitoring inc.
north america’s  alarm monitoring station.
learn more about a.p.i. monitoring inc.











welcome to a.p.i. monitoring inc.
wholesale alarm monitoring
learn more about a.p.i. monitoring inc.

























our servicesfull service alarm monitoring solutions 






















burglary & security alarm monitoring
we specialize in the monitoring of nearly any security system or intrusion detection system and offer billing and customer support to our partner's customers.
read more about our wholesale alarm system monitoring services ⟶






fire alarm monitoring & sprinkler monitoring
confidently offer ulc certified fire alarm monitoring to your customers.
read more about our fire alarm monitoring services ⟶






video monitoring & video verification
enhance your service offering and provide video monitoring and video verification services to your customers
read more about video monitoring and video verification services ⟶






elevator monitoring
provide elevator monitoring services to your customers.
read more about elevator monitoring services ⟶






emergency response system monitoring
provide personal emergency response and medical alarm monitoring to your customers.
read more about pers and medical alarm monitoring ⟶


















 















about usalarm monitoring for security providers 






















industry leading dealer support








2000+
active security partners
extensive support for your business and your customers
a true partner in alarm monitoring and customer service.
learn more about a.p.i. monitoring ⟶












 




























security, video, and fire alarm monitoring

















we provide the bestwe provide latest alarm monitoring technology 



 security system monitoringwe provide the latest technology for residential and commercial security alarm monitoring and 24/7 customer support.learn more about security system monitoring ⟶ 



 fire alarm monitoringwe provide fire alarm monitoring for new and legacy fire alarm systems through wired or wireless connection.learn more about fire alarm monitoring ⟶ 







 















 








our portfolio
check our recently innovation projects.
 




















office surveillance
surveillance










static security
surveillance










corporate security
wireless camera










security technique
equipment










commercial surveillance
surveillance










automation system
wireless camera










operation force
protection










security management
night vision























































 







faqfrequently asked questions 



















what are the benefits of using a.p.i. monitoring?                           
                            



                                a.p.i. monitoring is your strategic partner.  we offer complete 24/7 alarm monitoring services from our ulc certified alarm monitoring station, including: security monitoring, fire monitoring, and medical monitoring, as well as a host of other value added services that you can offer your customers.  additionally, we can provide complete billing and customer support to your customers on your behalf. for over 41 years, we've partnered with companies to provide the backbone of their operation.                            




does a.p.i. monitoring handle the customer support for my monitoring customers?                           
                            



                                we handle signal receipt but can also handle the majority of billing inquiries and customer support as it relates to your customer's alarm monitoring services.                             




what security systems can a.p.i. monitoring connect with to monitor?                           
                            



                                there are dozens upon dozens of different security systems on the market, we can monitor nearly all of them.                            




does a.p.i. monitoring provide guard response?                           
                            



                                yes, we provide a value added guard response service that you can provide to your customers. this is a service only available to our dealers in canada.                            




does a.p.i. monitoring provide video monitoring services?                           
                            



                                we provide video monitoring and video verification services enabling you to offer another value added service to your valued customers.                            















 



 















testimonialswhat our customer’s say 






have been with api for many years. any interaction with them is always fantastic service . from repair on the equipment or the operators calling they are all great !

e.s.
customer


api alarm customer service is great. from the moment i connected to api with vance, through installation with michael, the experience has been great. vance conducted a thorough assessment of our needs and was cordial, honest and helpful. michael, the installation tech, was also friendly, quiet, helpful and effective. i am very happy with the process with api thus far.

m.i.
customer


we’ve used api alarm for a number of years and have been very pleased. we recently required adjustments to our system due to home renovations and the service was seemingly well priced and undertaken in an efficient and timely manner by courteous technicians. we are also quite satisfied with interactions with customer service staff and direct interactions with the monitoring service.

e.m.
customer


we have been with api for over 30 years using their service for multiple locations. whenever service was required (and not often), we have received prompt, courteous and efficient service. we would highly recommend them!

m.r.
customer


api alarms has a great service staff. very understanding and knowledgeable. they get a 5 +++ star rating from me. excellent communication. thank you for everything you do for me and my families safety.

m.v.
customer















































send your inquiry by email 





name(required)


first



last

email(required)

phone(required)message(required)emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply. 
































north america's alarm monitoring station for over 40 years.




 



 contacts



contact us
(800) 897-1039 ext:2001





email us
dealersales@apidealers.com









arizona license #20993
california license #acq5520 | colorado license #dfd-1005 | oklahoma license #ac1608 | tennessee license #1966 | texas license #7409 | utah license #10399860-6501

©  all rights reserved by a.p.i. monitoring inc. - wholesale alarm monitoring services














































