







sierra club canada

































































  
















about the sierra club canada foundation (sccf) empowers people to be leaders in protecting, restoring and enjoying healthy and safe ecosystems.

history 
board of directors 
our staff 
financials 
volunteer 
contact 
careers 


programs our programs are working across the country to make a real impact for our environment and directly in the lives of people impacted by environmental issues.

wild child 
climate & clean energy 
conservation & circular economy 
environmental / social justice 
exploring & enjoying outdoors 
nature & endangered species 


take action 
ways to support there are lots of ways to give, from legacy gifts to membership in one of our chapters! please see the options below and explore how you can help build a stronger environmental future.

membership 
donations 
corporate gifts 
legacy gifts 
gifts of stock 
workplace giving 


chapters from alberta to newfoundland and labrador we work to protect and preserve the environment, to bring environmental justice to affected communities, to combat the climate crises, and help people get outdoors.

atlantic chapter 
ontario chapter 
prairie chapter 
québec chapter 
sierra youth 
bc supporters 
yukon supporters 


news the latest news from the sierra club canada foundation, featuring our work on climate change, biodiversity, air pollution, and outdoor education!

articles 
local stories 
newsletters 
community energy showcase 
media releases 
meetings of interest 
the environment in canada podcast 
subscribe for updates 


 


donate
voir en francais













      sierra club canada supporters in action      








join sierra club canada - together, we are powerful!
take action





we are a national, grassroots and non-profit organization committed to protecting our environment, our communities, and our future.
about sierra club canada















take action 



campaign

corporate emissions cap facts: easy to implement, saves canadian lives – let’s lead


act
                now





petition

protect canadians from pollution: protect what we love


act
                now





petition

new biodiversity strategy for canada must respect the rights of mother earth


act
                now









join sierra club canada


take part in sierra club canada foundation activities across the country, by joining sierra youth or one of your local chapters.

atlantic
prairie
ontario
quebec
bc supporters
yukon supporters
sierra youth (canada‑wide)






sierra youth
atlantic
prairie
ontario
quebec
bc supporters
yukon supporters











subscribe for sierra club canada campaign updates, events, advocacy opportunities and more.
sign-up




e-news signup










antónio guterres, un secretary general
“the climate crisis is our number one emergency, and renewables are the peace plan of the twenty-first century.”












latest news
all news and stories



 


articles
aug 13, 2024

the emissions cap will not hurt the economy in canada




 


articles
nov 29, 2023

the community energy showcase: the energy mix meets sierra club canada




 


articles
jan 21, 2025

oil & gas corporation enbridge is trespassing on indigenous land




 


uncategorized
jan 18, 2025

renewables are a solution for canadian independence, not costly & divisive oil pipelines nor lng




 


uncategorized
jan 14, 2025

canadian union of postal workers call for green – expanded – services















support us today! funds go to environmental advocacy, conservation and education.



donate now











sierra club canada foundation national office
po box 2007 stn b, ottawa, on   k1p 5w3
613-241-4611   //   1-888-810-4204
info@sierraclub.ca
cra # 11914 9789 rr0001



about
programs
take action
ways to support
chapters
news
contact
donate
 



face book




linked in




twitter




instagram




tik tok







© sierra club canada, 2025. all rights reserved.
privacy policy
accessibility
sccf policies
 

back to top








manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent














