 
almost heaven golden retriever rescue and sanctuary, inc - a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization




























 resident 
        & adoptable dogs

adoption 
        information & application

virtual tour

ahgrrs wish list

almost heaven's gift store

a 
        big thank you to our rescue angels ~ we couldn't do it without you!

in memory of our goldens - 
        rainbow bridge

about almost heaven

disclaimer/privacy policy 


















 













  

 almost 
                            heaven golden retriever rescue and sanctuary, inc. 
                            (ahgrrs)
  a 501(c)(3) non-profit 
                            organization  

 "where old gold 
                            shines"
p.o. 
                            box 648 
                            capon bridge, wv 26711
                            phone: 304-856-1600 (volunteer owned phone. phone 
                            calls will be answered when possible)
 hours: by appointment 
                            only - no one will be admitted unless they are approved 
                            adopters - no exceptions
for the 
                        fastest response to your inquiry, please email us at

ahgrr@frontiernet.net

click 
                            here to take a virtual tour of ahgrrs.

  


ahgrrs has been 
                      saving lives since 2002 and plans to continue accepting 
                      as many orphan dogs as space and finances allow. your 
                      donations help keep our doors open to those who need us 
                      most. we have adoptable 
                      dogs in need of homes and many permanent residents 
                      who will never know the joy of living in a family environment 
                      because they are so damaged, old, or sick that they are 
                      best suited to living out their lives with us - here at 
                      the sanctuary. please consider giving a homeless dog a home. 
                      

 visit our resident 
                        and adoptable dogs and if there is a dog you would 
                        like to offer a forever home, please submit a completed 
                        application (click 
                        here for adoption information and application).





  if you cannot 
                                adopt at this time, but would like to help, please 
                                consider one or more of the following:

donating needed 
                                  item(s) on our wish 
                                  list 


 sponsoring 
                                  one of our residents. no donation is too small 
                                  - all are deeply appreciated. use the paypal 
                                  button or mail to ahggrs at p.o. box 648, capon 
                                  bridge, wv 26711

supporting one 
                                  of the fundraisers listed below












 


    * * * urgent: ahgrr 


                                      needs your help   * * * 




please help us to keep saving lives! we cannot do it without your support! 
we have been busy. dogs coming and going - requests for intakes are at a staggering level now. we are doing what we can to help as many as we can and  will continue to do so...but we really need your help. 
the hard winter damaged equipment and buildings: the main electric line to one of our dog barracks had to be replaced due to age and weather damage, the buildings all need painting, with most  requiring some  repairs made prior to painting, dog doors are in need of replacement, and the list goes on.  
our veterinary expenses are through the roof! the preventatives needed to keep all the rescues pest free has been another burden.  so many of our intakes have needed long term or very expensive medical care.  
no donation is too small. any and all donations will help make an impact and are greatly appreciated. thank you in advance for your contribution...your generosity means the world to the dogs in our care!!!!!! 
donations may be made via paypal:









if you prefer to send food**, a check, or other supplies, our addresses for shipping or united states postal service (usps) mail as follow: 


shipping only - usps will not deliver to this address:  ahgrr, 704 old mill rd #648, capon bridge, wv 26711
                                  
mailing via u.s. postal service (usps):    ahgrr, p.o. box 648, capon bridge, wv   26711            


** we use iams minichunks and proplan sport (salmon based) as our regular foods.
						       both are available at chewy.com or walmart.com







     coupon birds ~ shop to support almost heaven






save $$$ when you shop while also helping  almost heaven golden retriever rescue & sanctuary (ahgrrs) 
join couponbirds - it is completely free and  very easy to do!!
what is couponbirds? couponbirds is a free online shopping community where you can find the best discount coupons available  from thousands of popular retailers like walmart, vans, bestbuy and amazon. 
how does it help almost heaven ? while you save $$$ with great discounts, you can also help almost heaven golden retriever rescue & sanctuary (ahgrrs) by donating your rewards. 
sign up now to donate when you shop - at no extra cost to you! 

save money and help almost heaven save furry lives at the same time!






     almost 
                            heaven's 2024 wish list









  

no donation 
                                    is too small and all are always deeply appreciated. 
                                    use the paypal donation button (at right) 
                                    or send 
                                    to: 



almost 
                                          heaven golden retriever rescue
                                          p.o. box 648
                                          capon bridge, wv 26711  






















cash - donations help pay our taxes, 
                                  utilities, licenses, repairs, transportation 
                                  costs, veterinary services, and kennel help.
wish 
                                    list items can be purchased at https://www.chewy.com/ 
                                  or https://www.walmart.com/ 
                                  and delivered to us as follows: 
shipping via amazon, fedex, united parcel service (ups)  
								**u.s. postal service (usps) will not deliver to this address**

almost heaven golden retriever rescue or ahgrr 
								704 old mill rd #648
								capon bridge, wv. 26711 
shipping via u.s. postal service (usps)

ahgrr 
							      p.o. box 648 
								  capon bridge, wv   26711 
food:

iams 
                                    minichunks dog food
proplan 
                                    sport....salmon based
any 
                                    brand canned dog food

dog 
                                  treats (we prefer small to medium sized 
                                  biscuits as we have quite a few "weight 
                                  challenged" residents): 

milk-bone 
                                    original dog biscuit medium
biscuits
pupperoni
pigs 
                                    ears 

chew 
                                toys:

no 
                                    tennis balls, 
                                    please
nylabones
kong 
                                    toys (including kong balls) 

health:

heartworm 
                                    preventative
flea 
                                    protection products 

crates: 
                                

54" 
                                    midwest solution series "ginormus" 
                                    double door dog crate
or 
                                    42" smonter heavy duty strong metal dog 
                                    cage pet kennel crate playpen with wheels, 
                                    i shape (please, nothing smaller) 
or 
                                    42" proselect empire dog cage - the "cadillac" 
                                    of heavy duty crates

replacement 
                                crate pans for 42", 48", & 54" crates



special 
                                    requests:

air 
                                      conditioners for our 2022 spring and summer: 
                                      we need one (1) 8,000 and tow (2) 6,000 btu units. please 
                                      nothing bigger - our electric 
                                      panel cannot handle it. 
we could really use some new kuranda beds 
donate a kuranda bed

laundry 
                                      supplies:  

any 
                                      laundry detergent 
bounce 
                                      dryer sheets (reported to help repel fleas, 
                                    gnats, and mosquitos) 
cleaning supplies:  

lysol 
                                      liquid cleaner 
lysol 
                                      spray 
lysol 
                                      neutraair 
lysol 
                                      or clorox wipes or chlorox spray and chlorox 
                                      wipes
                                      (we go through several cans and boxes every 
                                      week) 

gift 
                                    cards: 

gasolinegrocery 
                                      - food lion or walmart
home 
                                      depot or lowes
pet 
                                      stores
target
amazon

misc: 
heaters - 


delonghi hcx9115e slim style convector heater - older model 
or dr infrared heater portable space heater, 1500-watt (available at amazon and walmart for about $100)
fans - high velocity only

 
click here to donate a kuranda bed to ahgrrs









     donation 
                            note card in honor or memory of a special person/event






 how about honoring 
                            that special person with a donation to ahgrr? 
                            make a donation to ahgrr in honor of a special someone 
                            or in memory of a special pet or person and we will 
                            send them a lovely golden angel note card to let them 
                            know they have been honored in such a wonderful way. 
                            
the card 
                                    exterior will be our standard logo in grayscale 
                                    with a personalized message inside per your 
                                    instructions. 
order 
                                      using the paypal button below or by mail 
                                      specifying your personalized message to 
                                      include in the card to:
ahggrs 
                                      at p.o. box 648, capon bridge, wv 26711 
                                      






type personalized donation card message in the box below and click "pay now" button:










below is a sample 
                                      of the note they will receive.  





front 
                                    of note card





inside 
                                  of note card - 
                                  personalized with your information 
                                    
  




     ebay 
                              "giving works" ~ buy & sell to support almost heaven








going shopping? like to 
                                shop online? check out the great deals available 
                                on ebay 
                                giving works to support almost heaven 
                                golden retriever rescue & sanctuary (ahgrrs)!
we are one of the listed 
                                charities on ebay 
                                giving works, where you can shop, sell 
                                and donate to benefit ahgrrs through ebay, 
                                with the ebay giving works program. here’s 
                                how: 
buy   you can find 
                                whatever you re looking for on ebay. when you 
                                do, shop for items that benefit us. you can get 
                                a great deal and support ahgrrs at the same time! 
                                shop now to support ahgrrs: https://donations.ebay.com/charity/charity.jsp?np_id=22930

sell   you can also 
                                support ahgrrs when you sell on ebay. just designate 
                                our organization to receive 10-100% of your final 
                                sale price the next time you list something great. 
                                did you know charity listings often get more bids 
                                and higher prices than regular ebay listings? 
                                boost your sales and support ahgrrs while you re 
                                at it! plus ebay gives back to you, too, with 
                                a fee credit on your basic selling fees. sell 
                                now to support ahgrrs: https://donations.ebay.com/charity/charity.jsp?np_id=22930 








     support 
                      almost heaven through the bissell partners for pets program







almost heaven golden retriever 
                          rescue & sanctuary is proud to be a bissell partner 
                          for pets! 
bissell and lostpetusa.net have 
                          teamed up to help organizations like ours raise money, 
                          and now you can help too! when you purchase pet products 
                          on bissell.com and enter the code adopt at checkout, 
                          a portion of your purchase will be donated to our organization! 
                          



it s easy: 

shop 
                                pet products on https://www.bissell.com

enter 
                                the code adopt at checkout 
then 
                                select our organization! 
follow 
                                on social media:

facebook: 
                                    www.facebook.com/bissellpetfoundation
instagram 
                                    & twitter: @bissellpets



learn more at https://www.bissell.com/pets/partners-for-pets














 


copyright © 2002-2024 almost heaven golden 
  retriever rescue & sanctuary, inc. all rights reserved.

updated: january 2024-2025

















this web set created 
                by kimmber designs (no longer in business)
                "specializing in canine web sites and graphic design for dog lovers!" 
                 


 







