








d.a. designs dancewear – truly custom costumes that fit, flatter, and last





































































   











  

























skip to content
 







 








menuhome about ustestimonials  costume & uniform galleriescheer, pom, and dance team uniforms color guard, winter guard, and drill team uniforms competition dance costumes majorette and twirler uniforms pro and semi-pro dance uniforms team wear and warm-ups specialized performance group uniforms  portfolio blog orderinghow to order size guide request a quote   


















inspired by beauty. designed for movement. 



innovative custom dancewear to elevate your team’s performance. 







 











innovative. comfortable. versatile, custom dancewear. 



dancewear made from scratch with your team in mind. our designers and highly skilled seamstresses are passionate about making sure dancers feel confident and limitless on stage. looking for comfortable, form-fitting dancewear? see our work! the best way to discover the perfect dancewear design is to speak with our designers directly. 






see our work





















 
cheer, pom & dance uniforms











 
color/winter guard & drill team











 
competition dance costumes











 
majorette & twirler uniforms















 
pro/semi-pro dance uniforms











 
team wear & warm ups











 
specialized performance dance teams


















our story 



d.a. designs dancewear was born in the 80s, when high-waisted leotards and leg warmers were all the rage. founder dennette nakamura had a mission to produce long-lasting aerobics wear that fit better than what was on the market at the time.as the years passed dennette was approached by dance studios to work together to produce beautiful, long-lasting costumes and dancewear, and the d.a. designs dancewear as we know it today came to be.what started as a small business in her living room became the top dancewear company dennette always dreamed it could be. 















simple process 



unabashedly, genuinely, confident and comfortable in your body, expressing yourself through movement is a beautiful thing. we’re honored to help you make the best of your performance with our custom designs for performers just like you. 















1 



we listen 



let’s work together to cultivate the perfect look for your dancewear. please include any photos, sketches, and specific details you have to help us design as accurately as possible to capture your vision! 















2 



we design 



once we receive confirmation on the design specifications and direction of your vision, our highly trained specialists get to work creating the perfect design. 















3 



we deliver 



we’ve streamlined the process of creating a custom piece to be as simple and straight-forward as possible. the final product will be exactly like the design, no surprises here! 


















see our work














get a quote


























 







questions? 



d.a. designs dancewear creates custom costumes and uniforms for every kind of performance team including dance studios, guards, dance & cheer teams, drill teams, and majorettes. if you need performance wear that will fit, flatter, and last, contact us today! 






contact us
















stay inspired with email updates 















"*" indicates required fields

full name*email*

commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 



















 







622 4th street
clovis, ca 93612 







1.866.650.0312 



phone 







1.559.299.4064 



fax 















© 2025 d.a. designs dancewear. all rights reserved. 










facebook
 



instagram
 



youtube
 















go to top












































































