




















home - waterimp

























































































 












waterimp







shopcheckoutmy accountmeet the familybasketfaq’show it works








home

 







welcome to waterimp 



the cost-effective fit-and-forget solution to limescale-free water 











do you want limescale-free water in your home without any hassle?
our cost-effective and fit-and-forget electronic water conditioners are the answer because they are the simple solution to the limescale in your home. you can just fit and forget – no need for complicated installation or salt. prices start from just £99 – including free worldwide shipping!
there are many benefits to installing a waterimp in your home:

less time spent cleaning
less money on cleaning products
money saved on energy bills
added protection for your heating system and appliances
no salt refills or maintenance
nicer tasting tea and coffee…
 















 
find out more








































the easy way to a limescale-free home
we have been bringing better bathrooms and easier-to-clean kitchens to happy customers all around the world for over 25 years with our brilliant alternative to water softeners. not to mention lower bills and more effective heating systems and appliances!

if you live in a hard water area, you’ll know about it, so find out how our waterimps tackle the limescale in your home easily and effectively. and buy in complete confidence with our double guarantee.								








































 
buy now















[testimonial_rotator id=”879″ shuffle=”true”]













waterimp

		proudly powered by wordpress 


we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies.cookie settingsaccept reject cookie policymanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept














✕



 































































