



nikkiusa












  


nikkiusain support of our veterans, our troops and our pow/mia's



            email me 


      subscribe to nikkiusa



  powered by us.groups.yahoo.com


keep up to date with nikkiusa by joining my yahoo group! this is how i send out my email updates regarding my site and events that i'm attending. this isn't for chats or posting messages, this is strictly for me to send out updates.  just enter your email address in the box above and you'll keep up to date with me!! 



make sure you visit my myspace page!!






www.myspace.com/nikkiusa






i would appreciate if you would take a minute and sign my guestbook. please click the red button below! click the blue button below to view my guestbook!



   

free counters provided by andale.






the above counter is the number of visitors that i've had to my site since july 1999!!






copyright 1999-2009. all rights reserved.all contents/graphics on this site are the sole property of nikki mendicino and are not to be reproduced and/or copied without written permission.web design by pat jackson.






welcome to nikkiusa......right outside of pittsburgh, pa



for over 10 years now, i have been involved in the issues of our veterans, our troops and our pow/mia's. i have proudly earned the title of "the world's youngest veteran advocate" and "every veterans kid sister"in 1998, while still in elementary school, i met a decorated wwii veteran who landed at utah beach on d-day. his name was john kridlo and he will always be very special to me. i really didn't understand what d-day was, but it sounded important so i said "thank you" to mr. kridlo. because of him and the stories that he shared with me, i began to learn about what our veterans went through to protect our country. i learned about those who gave the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom and i learned about those who never came home. the more i visited mr. kridlo, the more veterans that i met and it is through their stories, that they have shared with me over these many years, that i have learned. they taught me about the 58,260 men and women who are on the wall and about those listed as pow/mia.  because of these stories and what our veterans have shared with me, i decided to do all that i can for our veterans who are still fighting for benefits that they have earned by serving and sacrificing for our country, for our troops who are protecting our freedom today and for those who were abandoned on foreign shores. 
 


a friend to all vets and proud of it



today, 10 years after i started, i have one more year of college until i graduate. of course i attend school in the washington dc area and i am majoring in government and international politics. for these past ten years, i have promised our veterans that i will make a difference for them and i have no intentions of letting them down!! please help my generation learn!! it's not that we don't care it's that we don't know. through your stories, we will one day lead this nation with great pride and dignigty! 
i would be honored to be considered to attend and/or speak at your event. for more information, please click the "invite me" dog tag above and to the left. 
most of you that have been with me all of these years know that my web site is a work in progress that i never get to update as much as i would like to! this time, i am going to work backwards and try to put up new events and info first and then link my older pages. i don't always have time to get done what i would like to, so i hope you don't mind if my updating takes me a while!! bear with me if a link here or there doesn't work......i'm still updating!! 
 


sign






view






god bless you, god bless the usa and godspeed to the troops who have been called to defend our nation!



  


where is captain michael scott speicher??



    


the homecoming of ssgt. keith matthew maupin because love never loses its way home!



 


captured in iraq april 9, 2004killed in captivityknown only to god











