





less stress









































home 

aha instructors
aed referral
jobs at less stress!



services 


medical

bls
acls
pals
nrp
tncc
enpc
simulations



medical transportation

mav
emerg medical responder
total recert
basic life support
emt refresher
emt ceu training
emt ceu online



ems

emt (initial training)
total recert
emt refresher
emt ceu
emt ceu online
emr
ems retainer 
simulations 



dispatch

bls
basic telecommunictor
emerg medical dispatch




cpr / aed / first aid

bls



aed

how aed’s work
laws regarding aed’s
aed managment 

aed device types

zoll
sampad


sample programs
leasing vs. buying
short term leases



mert

mert drills



 pandemic/safety

defensive driving
pandemic programs
fire extinguisher
respiratory protection



instructor training

aha bls instructor
ddc instructor
cevo instructor
mav instructor
emt instructor
bbp instructor
hazcom trainer
respiratory trainer





about us



 news


 contact


logins  


student login


client login


instructor login






 



















1
2
3
4
5
6
7





 


your health and safety training agency

                    emergencies happen. they strike us at work, at home, and often when we least expect them. our corporate mission at less stress instructional services is to provide men and women with the tools, like cpr and first aid training, to deal with them properly. from municipal ems training to corporate first aid teams to parental pediatric cpr classes, our goal is provide every individual who wants knowledge with the information and skills needed to deal with a tragedy.
                







medical emergency response team (mert)

                        our flagship program for corporate and industrial emergency teams for first-in-class occupational first aid. from fortune  500 companies to mindful small businesses many of our clients utilize mert to safeguard their employees from harm.
                    







automated external defibrillators (aed)

                        we offer automated external defibrillator (aed) sales, training, leasing and program management for some of the most sophisticated life-saving technology currently available.
                    







retainer programs for emergency medical services (ems) agencies

                        training packages for ems agencies that allows them to combine their need for initial emt training, refresher programs, online ceu training, medical direction and instructor development into one neat cost-effective package.
                    







programs for healthcare facilities

                        community, occupational, and staff development programs for hospital organizations.  see what we are doing for local facilities and what we can offer your healthcare institution.
                    









our programs


medical programs
certification programs for healthcare workers such as bls, acls, pals, nrp, tncc and enpc.  we’re one-stop shopping for all of your hospital’s needs.

 view details



ems courses
programs for ems professionals such as initial emt training, emt refresher training, and emt ceu training

 view details



cpr/aed/first aid
 emergency care training for workplaces.  training in cardiopulmonary resuscitation, first and, and automated external defibrillation.

 view details



 pandemic/safety programs
pandemic preparedness for covid-19.  general programs such as defensive driving, fire extinguisher use, lifttruck/forklift operation, and other osha and safety programs.

 view details



instructor training
instructor-level training in cpr, first aid, forktruck/lifttruck, bloodborne pathogens, hazard communication, and emt

 view details



emergency equipment
emergency equipment and supplies such as oxygen systems, aeds, cpr masks, & other first aid materials

 view details










 a few words about us 
   less stress instructional services is an independent training agency formed by john mateus and mary rongo in 1994 for the purpose of providing emt's with an easy way to renew their cpr qualification. it quickly became obvious that there was a great need for emergency care and other training both in the community at large and within the industry of pre-hospital care. the agency grew quickly into a still small but ever-changing entity serving several hospitals, long-term care facilities, schools and corporations. a variety of educational projects are available ranging from emergency care to osha compliance to general health. computer-based training has been a very successful outlet for us and we plan on adding more programs to our store and seeking additional distribution channels. 
                        
                        the agency now employs seven full-time staff members (including the two founders) and a list of over two dozen per-diem instructors of varied expertise.


                    






latest news


less stress instructional services announces partnership with east orange general 
                            hospital to provide resuscitation training | january 2014
                        

                            east orange general hospital, an acute care hospital in essex county nj, has signed on to become the newest course site in the training network managed by less stress instructional services. 
                            read more



  
                            less stress instructional services wins federal bid for aed training & maintenance for epa
                            | september 2013
                        
 
                            less stress instructional services has been awarded the contract to administer the aed program for the environmental protection agency (epa).  the contract, awarded for up to five years, is for the comprehensive management of the federal agency’s automated external defibrillation program at its headquarters, including the management of aed devices, maintenance, and training. 
                            read more



 less stress instructional services partners with third acute care hospital | january 2012

                            less stress instructional services provides training services to several nj area facilities, such as holy name medical center, mountainside hospital, and more recently chilton hospital in pompton plains.   
                            read more



ski patrollers and a ‘temp’ save life on mountain | february 2010
 
                            a less stress instructional services aed leased for a short term by crystal mountain ski resort was used to successfully treat a middle-aged guest who collapsed within 10 feet of the unit.   
                            read more










 your agency's total training partner!









                        over twenty years of experience in meeting your health and safety needs
                    

                        less stress instructional services is your education partner. whether you need one specific program presented, an instructor credential, or your entire training department outsourced, we can provide a solution for your agency's emergency care training needs.
                    


 student login


 client login



 instructor login










less stress instructional services(973) 427-9692
                    office@lessstress.com 
                    67 sand park road, unit c, cedar grove, nj 07009




copyright ©  less stress instructional services 2023 all rights reserved







