



home - redcatcher






















  




home
login
directory
199th light infantry brigade

page 1 of site map
welcome home
media guide / photos, video ect.












remember you must log in using your users id and password to access  the px on this site. if you forgot your user id or password or if you do not have a user id and password click on the word login on the menu bar and then follow the instructions. if you have any problem or questions please e-mail them to info@redcatcher.org 
click here to join us on face book.




elected officers and directors as of july 1, 2024
president for a term of 3 years to expire june 2026
hugh foster
vice president for a term of 3 years to expire june 2027
laurie ruffino
secretary for a term of 3 years to expire june 2027
richard masters
treasurer for a term of 3 years to expire june 2026
bob cusick
directors for a term of 1 year to expire june 2025
manuel acuna
richard aguinaga
steve brown
walt bynum
joe cottingham
david clark
rey flauta
ford fuller iii
bud gardner
bob heier
tom kennedy
sue mower
roy peters (chairman)
gary underiner
dan warden
 



over 50 years of redcatchers

over 50 years of redcatchers
 section1
section2
section3
section4
section5
section6
section10   more


casualties of war



redcatcher history by larry mcdougal and robert stanard:
view
brigade summaries may 68 to july 1970
view
199th light infantry areas of operations / base locations
view

 


casualties 1 vnw

edit

books related to the 199th lib
view
it has been requested to make this book available to read on line or download it. 
casualties of war
an infantry lieutenant in vietnam
click here to view   more



an unbelievable story about an unbelievable redcatcher 
dennis haines



past and present 199th infantry brigade "redcatcher" soldiers  , ncos and officers.
     it is our pleasure to write this letter to everyone that is a part of the redcatcher family and the long and colorful heritage of this brigade. csm roy young and i have had the pleasure of leading this exceptional brigade for just over a year now, and would like to take some time to inform everyone of the current status of the brigade. our goal is to establish a connection between past and current generations of redcatchers.
to read the compete and original letter click here.
to watch a video of the ceremony click here.
casualties 1 vnw









©2015 redcatcher 199th lib association
 
email: info@redcatcher.org 













