









 kate angell - â 
â 
â 










icon caret-left



icon caret-right



instagram



pinterest



linkedin



facebook



twitter



goodreads



question-circle



facebook circle



twitter circle



linkedin circle



instagram circle



goodreads circle



pinterest circle










 kate angell
usa today bestselling romance novelist










home


works



















merry beachmas!a december release. date announced shortly.â college sweethearts, together until they weren't. years later, a family wedding that changes everything.a second chance at love.











merry beachmas!available now! on most ebook vendors. college sweethearts, together...until they weren't.when brogan worth is drafted by the richmond rogues, he asks danielle adams to marry him. fame claims him, as a wild celebration ensues, and brogan is drawn into the crowd. amid the chaotic party, dani is unable to respond to his proposal.was it meaningful or meaningless?she assumes his fans are more important than she will ever be. leaving town is her escape from heartbreak. ten years later, they meet again while attending a wedding at historic worth mansion on sunkissed key.there, amid sea breezes, swaying palms, and memories that won't be denied, their past collides with the present, and they must decide if they've been apart too long or if they dare to risk a second chance at love. 













balmy ocean breezes. . .sweet coconut oil. . .glistening tanned bodies. there's no better place for romantic sparks to fly than at the beach.   as a professional volleyball player, dune cates attracts scores of pretty women who flock to his side. but only one has managed to get under his skin--sophie saunders. unlike the skimpily-clad beach groupies, sophie marches to a beat all her own. and though she's afraid of the surf, burns in the sun, has two left feet, that doesn't stop her from trying every daring sport available on the boardwalk. dune knows sophie spells trouble, and he should keep his distance, especially since he's a no-strings-attached kind of guy. but he can't ignore an overwhelming instinct to protect her. and with the promise of ice cream sandwiches, merry-go-round rides and dreamy sunsets, it's only a matter of time before dune gives in to the temptation of sophie's soft lips. love is always sweeter in the summer.













   praise for kate angell and her novels: "grab a beach chair, sunscreen, and a kate angell book for a great summer read!"roxanne st. claire, new york times bestselling author "hot. sexy. smart!"carly phillips, new york times bestselling author romance reviews"barefoot william takes you to the beach and boardwalk. the characters come alive before the reader's eyes! feel the sunshine on your face and the sand between your toes. sexy romance, sharp dialogue, a delightful place to visit!  "fun in the sun! angell at her best. takes you to the beach and let's you get a tan." kirkus reviews book list: the richmond rogues baseball romances - squeeze play, curveball, strike zone, and sliding home - are now available as e-books on kindle, nook, smashwords and most digital sites! enjoy! these books are no longer in print, except as used copies on amazon or ebay. ho-humbug-ho, the novella from the anthology santa, honey! features ballplayer alex boxer. the christmas short story is digital, too. sweet spot - available in print and e-book. also short story snow angel, contemporary holiday romance. barefoot william series: no tan lines, no strings attached, no sunshine when she's gone, no one like you, no breaking my heart, no time to explain, no kissing under the boardwalk.anthologies: unwrapped; he's the one (my novella centers on barefoot william); sugar cookie sweetheart swap; that mistletoe moment; the cottage on pumpkin and vine; the bakeshop at pumpkin and spice; cafe between pumpkin and pie. e-novellas, just beachy and merry beachmas.  i'm on facebook and welcome friends.https://www.facebook.com/authorkateangellstop by! about me: i live in beautiful naples on the gulf of mexico, florida. i love the sunshine, as well as the seasonal summer thunderstorms. i'm a morning person. i enjoy brunch. i'm an animal lover and avid reader. i laugh a lot. my birthday's in march, i'm an aries. my favorite color is purple. my lucky number is 25. my favorite holiday is thanksgiving. my office has lots of plants: bamboo, elephant ear, and philodendrons. i buy a fresh bouquet of flowers each week. i enjoy going to the movies. try to read a book each week. love museums. can make popcorn a meal. love starbucks. i eat rice krispies for the 'snap, crackle, pop'. i spend hours at book stores. authors i read outside romance: carl hiaasen and stuart woods (stone barrington series). 






















merry beachmas!
a december release. date to be announced. 
college sweethearts, together until they weren't. years later, a family wedding that changes everything.
a second chance at love romance. 


















there's a place where the ocean meets the shore, where kicking off your shoes and baring some skin is as natural as sneaking under the boardwalk for an ice cream cone and stolen kisses. but life isn't all a beach for shaye cates, even if her idea of an office is a shady umbrella at the water's edge equipped with cell phone and laptop. steely-eyed trace saunders is the incredibly irksome fly in her coconut tanning oil. and running a kids' softball team with her long-time rival is going to have everyone in her little florida town buzzing. her scads of laid-back relatives and his whole uptight clan know that shaye just wants to play ball while trace thinks only of business. but beneath the twinkling lights of the ferris wheel, the magic of sea and sand can sweep away every inhibition...suddenly, it's summertime, and the lovin' is easy.






























amazon






barnes and noble






e-mail the author






authors guild




















â â â 














available now! on most ebook vendors. the rogues are back in town!can two strangers with secrets find love?a gorgeous day in paradise, but allie worth has more on her mind than sunshine, white sand, and the sparkling gulf of mexico. it's spring training for the richmond rogues. the entire town turns out for rogues' fest, a weekend of beach activities to rally fans for the upcoming season. the fun begins with a canoe race.allie has entered the race. unfortunately, she's up the creek without a paddle when her partner bails on her at the last minute. as fate would have it, a handsome stranger in a hooded sweatshirt, sunglasses, and sexy scruff agrees to be her partner. their strokes are in sync. a meant to be.max traxer has arrived in the small beachside town early for spring training. the newest member of the rogues. he planned to keep a low profile until media day, donning nondescript clothing to keep away curious fans. he'll have time to be all-rogue when the team gathers for a launch-the-season retreat at sunkissed key, an island far from groupies and other distractions.a weekend attraction heats between allie and max, soon going cold when unshared secrets complicate their lives. are they truly who they say they are? or are they hiding their real identities? will they stay together or go their separate ways?













helping a baseball pro take care of his dogs leads to something more than puppy love in this beach town romance by the usa today bestselling author.the florida beach town of barefoot william may be home to rylan cates, but the pro baseball player needs to focus on spring training. to keep himself and his four dogs organized for the next eight weeks, he decides to hire a personal assistant—and beth avery turns out to be the perfect pinch hitter.beth is still looking for her place in the world, and a couple months caring for rylan's two dachshunds, his golden retriever, and a great dane named atlas should shore up her finances before she moves on. except it's atlas appears to have other plans. beth swears the dog is pushing her toward tanned, scruffy, sexy rylan every chance he gets. one more strike and she's calling the dog out—unless she and rylan admit that the attraction they're feeling is a game-winning grand slam.













life's a beach!  though his family owns the charming beachside town of barefoot william, aidan cates is as down-to-earth as the locals. he's also practical to a fault and doesn't believe some psychic on the boardwalk can predict his future.   jillie mac is as free as an ocean breeze, so when the hot stranger and his date mistake her for a fortune teller, she's ready to have some fun. but one devastating secret told, one mistaken identity revealed, and numerous long summer nights later, it's jillie and aidan who discover that sometimes love comes with a simple twist of fate. 













relationship status: complicated professional baseball player halo todd doesn't like failure, but he can never turn down a challenge. especially when there's a pretty woman involved. how else would he end up dressed as a rooster, helping a complete stranger compete on a wacky game show? even when they're eliminated after the first round, halo isn't about to lose the girl… alyn is stunned when gorgeous, generous halo whisks her off for a dream vacation to the beach--she's been let down by friends and even family so many times, she's lost count. later, he offers to lend a hand getting her vintage shop up and running. but his constant--and ridiculous--purchases are the last thing she needs. how can she convince the stubborn man that she doesn't need his help--not when all she wants is his heart…



teaser “be my boyfriend for one hour.” halo todd stared at the woman dressed in the chicken costume. at least, he assumed she was female. feminine voice. short in stature. indeterminable age. she wore a padded yellow, feathered jumpsuit with orange leg covers and spiky chicken toes. the head cover had a red wattle. a sharp black beak. six-fifteen a.m. on a monday morning, and she paced outside jacy’s java, a popular coffee shop in historic richmond, virginia. brick buildings and sidewalks. gas streetlights and narrow avenues. a hint of dawn was on the horizon. he’d purchased a double espresso in preparation for his drive south. the rogues were about to begin spring training in barefoot william, florida. he played right field. it was the second week in february. pitchers and catchers had already reported. position players had another week. the morning was chill. fifty degrees. overcast skies. a stiff wind blew from the north, ruffling the chicken’s feathers. who the hell was she? he scratched his head, asked, “do i know you?” he had, on occasion, slept with women and not known their names. he would have remembered a chicken.
































loading…}





















