




pet shipping services by ground and air | happy tails travel
























































































home
















common questions
& quick answers












home





services





pet relocation


pet travel


air travel


hawaii air travel


flight nanny


ground travel


pet adoption


testimonials






military services





military support


testimonials


international shipping






pricing





standard pricing


military pricing






faqs





air travel faqs


ground travel faqs


trusted resources






pet travel tips





videos


pet scams






about us





our drivers & flight nannies


publicity




blog


pet travel form
























safe spring & summer alternative:by ground safe & sound!fill out our no-hassle, no-obligation pet travel form









pet relocation is our passion andyour peace of mind andsatisfaction are our missionfill out our no-hassle, no-obligation pet travel form









have you received yourpermanent change of station?let happy tails travel help moveyour pet to your new locationfill out our no-hassle, no-obligation pet travel form









pet adoption assistancepet travel services forpet adoption far from homefill out our no-hassle, no-obligation pet travel form








pet shipping services
we are experts in hand-holding! we help save you:

time researching the travel details
money by offering the lowest prices available
stress from worrying about your pet


learn more

military pet relocation
thank you to our military members for your service! we are honored to assist you with:

logistics and details pertaining to your pcs
communication directly with your vet to ensure accuracy and timeliness
discounts on our consultation services


learn more

international pet shipping
eu available for military only 
we remove the intimidation out of:

usda rules and regulations
pet import/export documents including vaccines and import permits
language and time barriers with the help of our network of professionals worldwide


learn more



we ship your pets by air with care and by ground safe and sound




ipata member

happy tails travel has been a proud member of ipata since 1996!




happy tails blog of the month


the ultimate guide to air travel for larger breed dogs

by: bridget monrad, r.n. | jan 17, 2025

over the years, changes in airline policies have made air travel for our furry family members more challenging to arrange. while it can be frustrating, these policies are designed with one thing in mind: ensuring your pet’s safety during their journey.

one of the most common obstacles pet owners face is finding the right travel crate size that an airline can accommodate. unfortunately, this isn’t as simple as it may seem.


full story




happy tails alerts

new live chat!
we are excited to launch our new live chat feature on our website! have questions about our services? wondering what the best method of transport is for your pet? simply click the tab on the bottom right-hand side of our webpage to message us!
responses will be received as quickly as possible during business hours (7 am - 4 pm mst mon - fri). after hours, the chat feature will leave us a message and we will respond the next working day.


featured testimonial

"kim at happy tails travel is an absolute miracle worked. my 125 lb wolfhound more than exceeds normal size regulations, but she found me a kennel and an airline that could fly him from maui to alaska - something that no other pet relocation service was able to offer."
make sure to read the rest of weylyn's testimonial and our others here!




unforgettable moments from happy tails travel 2024 ground transports!

personalized pet shipping services
based out of arizona, happy tails travel is an experienced pet shipping company. happy tails travel has been safely shipping pets since 1995. we specialize in summer pet travel, even from the hottest states such as arizona, texas, hawaii and florida, during the hottest months.

personal & friendly service since 1995
professional pet transport & pet relocation by air
professional pet transport by ground safe & sound
customized pet travel counseling from start to finish
pet rescue & pet delivery services & arrangements
domestic & international pet transportation service
door to door airport transportation to/from major airports
no surprises! our pet shipping costs are clearly listed
we offer military discounts & multiple pet discounts
100% pet travel safety shipping animals since 1995

we ship your pets by air with care and by ground safe and sound
bridget’s co-pilots
at happy tails travel, we ship your pets by air with care to just about anywhere (domestic and international pet relocation assistance is offered), and our prices are fair. we will customize and assist with all of the details and logistics of your pet move whether it is local, national, or international pet travel. our goal is a hassle-free, safe journey for your pet, and peace of mind for you. we make moving pets a breeze!
we are advocates for all pets moving. this includes pets who are now restricted from air travel due to airline changes in pet policy. we offer private transport from current home to new home. this is especially helpful for giant breed, snub nosed, and "dangerous" breed dogs. it also benefits people who want an alternative to airline travel for their pet. read more about our pet ground travel services.
please fill out the pet travel services form to provide us with all the necessary information to meet your individual pet relocation and pet shipping needs. we can prepare 'known shipper' documentation and expedite the shipping of your pet through the entire pet move process. as a certified usda intermediate handler, we comply with the animal welfare act and applicable federal and airline pet move regulations.
with the information from your no cost/no obligation pet travel services form we can address your entire pet shipping, pet relocation, or pet transport needs. let us help you safely ship your cat, dog, puppy, or kitten!loyal customers – many of our clients come back to use us for their next pet move, and refer friends and family to us. our professional, friendly & customized pet services are some of the reasons we have people utilize our pet relocation planning again & again!
military pcs
we support our troops! we understand often times pcs moves can be sudden and into unfamiliar destinations. we are here to assist you in making sure your furry family members are able to accompany you on the next exciting chapter of your life. for more information on our pet family move services please visit our pricing & policy page.
tax benefit for us citizen pet owners:
irs publication # 521 ("moving expenses") states that pet moving is a tax-deductible relocation expense when your relocation and moving is for purposes of change of employment. consult your tax advisor for further information.
download the irs form as a pdf: irs publication # 521
pet scam alerts
before adopting a pet, read our "tips to avoid pet adoption scams" blog post and our faq page.
also see our pet scam and pet adoption scam videos.
think you may have been scammed? happy tails travel, inc. does not work with 3rd party vendors where they would arrange your pet’s entire transport without you speaking directly with us. if you have been contacted by a company or individual claiming to use happy tails travel, inc. to relocate a pet you may be purchasing or adopting, please visit the internet crime complaint center or ipata pet scams to learn how to report a possible scam.
publicity
we now have a publicity page, full of useful articles featuring happy tails travel.
have questions about the world of pet travel? not sure where to start on your pet shipping journey? check out our publicity page today and get informed.

to get your pet moving right away,please submit a pet travel form











                © 2025 happy tails travel. all rights reserved.
                call happy tails travel: 800-323-1718 mst
                email happy tails travel: petdesk@happytailstravel.com
content by bridget monrad, r.n. | site designed and built by desert lab studio, llc.
            
find us on:




facebook




twitter




google business




youtube




instagram




pinterest




tiktok




linkedin






publicity
        
















