







bbc studios - home















 toggle navigation menu 
 close 





 














            about us




                about bbc studios
            



                awards
            



                executive committee
            





            what we do




                content studio
            



                global media & streaming
            



                supporting creative talent
            





            people & culture




                sustainability
            



                people & culture
            





            news
        



            contact




                contact us
            



                our locations
            



                faqs
            



                careers
                    


















 








bbc studios is a world-renowned content studio and media & streaming business, powered by british creativity, with a reach that touches audiences in every corner of the globe.
we work with outstanding creative talent who are responsible for platform-defining shows from dancing with the stars, bluey, sherwood and doctor who to prehistoric planet, planet earth iii, glastonbury and inside our autistic minds.
the range and quality of our content is unsurpassed, creating critical and commercial successes and global hits.
from baftas to rts awards, bbc studios is britain’s most awarded production company and the only producer with three of the top ten shows on imdb. we’re a major distributor of british content and the home of bbc.com, the widest-read english language news website in the world.
find out more about what we do and how we can help you…
   
more about bbc studios


 









latest news



 























 


{{item.publisheddate| date}}













more news




 











annual review 23/24:
investment in growth











bbc studios annual review

 











best of british content, across the globe






 







british at heart, global in ambition
we create and take the very best content to audiences across the uk and the world. we can do this because we have international offices and production bases in 19 countries across the americas, europe, asia, africa and australia (as well as 11 bases in the uk.)
as such, our content reaches fans in every major global market around the world, providing a shop window for british content and creativity and supporting the wider uk creative economy.

 







more from bbc studios

 









 



 



 



 



 


 








 


 


 


 


 


 









 



privacy 
community rules
copyright
cookies
manage cookies
terms & conditions
annual review
reports
modern slavery statement
working with us
accessibility help  


















bbc studios distribution limited, company number 01420028, 1 television centre, 101 wood lane, london, united kingdom, w12 7fa.
bbc studios productions limited, company number 09463829, 1 television centre, 101 wood lane, london, w12 7fa. 


bbc studios international content platform 
bbc studios careers  









