


kati's korner



























	               kati's korner
	               
collecting and reporting positive news from the world of romance, and beyond.



about me

name:  kate davies 
location:  united states 
from food to fiction, kate likes things spicy. she writes sexy romance for samhain publishing, siren publishing, and carina press, and has books available in both e-format and print. when she isn't writing about strong, sexy men and women finding their happily-ever-afters, she spends her time playing with the kids and hanging with her hero husband. (how's that for alliteration?)

check out her website at http://www.kate-davies.com/ for more info!
view my complete profile














for m

moving on...
lucy's havin' a party....
samhain (hearts) its readers!
i (heart) samhain
cin-dy!  cin-dy!
faster than a speeding bullet...





september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
january 2009
december 2009
december 2012
february 2013


favorite blog links
lucy monroe
romance by the blog
miss snark
squawk radio
~stacy's place on earth~
samhain authors
aidyl aurban
ally blue
ann cory
anne whitfield
arianna hart
barbara sheridan & anne cain
annmarie mckenna
beth williamson
bianca d'arc
b.l. foxxe
brenda bryce
brenda williamson
charlene teglia
ciar cullen
daisy dexter dobbs
dee tenorio
denise belinda mcdonald
donna alward
ellen fisher
eve vaughn
heather rae scott
ingela hyatt
jaci burton
jaycee clark
jennie andrus
jessie verino
j.l. langley
jorrie spencer
kai andersen
kim rees
lauren dane
leigh ellwood
leslie dicken
lyn cash
mandy roth
meg allison
michelle pillow
raine weaver
rene lyons
sasha white
sela carson
shannon stacey
shelley bradley
shiloh walker
summer devon
sydney somers
teri smith



sunday, february 17, 2013









posted by kate davies | 8:18 am
 




monday, december 10, 2012







posted by kate davies | 10:23 pm
 




monday, december 28, 2009



                      	 
                      	 for m
	                       
                          



posted by kate davies | 5:12 pm
 




wednesday, january 28, 2009





posted by kate davies | 11:04 pm
 




tuesday, july 25, 2006



                      	 
                      	 moving on...
	                       
                          

yes, it's true.i have a new blog.i'm trying to focus my limited online time these days, and thought it would be more effective to have a blog that actually tied into my writing.  so i've started kate davies blogs!, which will continue celebrating positive news from the world of romance, but focus more closely on my own writing journey as well.  i hope you'll join me in my new digs.

posted by kate davies | 4:39 pm
 




friday, july 21, 2006



                      	 
                      	 lucy's havin' a party....
	                       
                          

...and you're invited!author extraordinaire lucy monroe is having a blog party next week! she's invited a ton of authors to guest blog at her blog, with multiple posts, contests, and fun galore. and i'm taking part!(let me tell ya, seeing my name on the list with some of those authors -- wow! total fangirl moment!)hope you'll drop by and chat with us. i'll be around most of the week, though my "official" blog posting will be on wednesday the 26th.and just to whet your appetite, here's a list of the authors participating...denysé bridgerwebsite blogadrianna danewebsite blog  kate davieswebsite blog jennifer l. hartwebsite blogdonna kauffmanwebsite blog nicola marshwebsite blogjj massawebsite blog anne mcallisterwebsite blogjill shalvis(our own on-the-spot reporter for rwa national.)website blog catherine spanglerwebsite blogsamantha stormwebsite blog theresa scottwebsitekelley vitollo(our pink ribbon girl - first sale.)blog kate walkerwebsite blogshiloh walker website blog annie west(our other pink ribbon - brand new presents author!)websitepat whitewebsite pj womackwebsite blog

posted by kate davies | 10:13 pm
 




saturday, july 08, 2006



                      	 
                      	 samhain (hearts) its readers!
	                       
                          

(an fyi -- i'll be participating on friday, july 14, all day, and saturday, july 15, from 11 am - noon eastern time.  i'll be giving away a copy of my upcoming release, taking the cake, on saturday.  hope to see you there!)join samhain publishing and its authors as we celebrate readerappreciation week july 10th through july 16th. be prepared to add to your wish list as authors share excerpts from a variety of genresincluding romance, fantasy and suspense. come to chat, come to win one (or two) of the many prizes being offered throughout the week, come to chat with your favorite authors and make new friends. monday through friday, authors will pop in to the samhain cafe throughout the day to chat, share excerpts and blurbs from their books and post contests. each day is dedicated to specific genres of fiction/romance.monday july 10th - suspense/mystery/thrillertuesday july 11th - fantasy/sci-fi-futuristicwednesday july 12th - paranormalthursday july 13th - historical/westernfriday july 14th - contemporary/chick lit/comedysaturday july 15th and sunday july 16th , two authors every hour will share blurbs, prizes and excerpts. the party starts at 9 eastern and goes until 9pm saturday and sunday so be prepared for non-stop action on these days!you can sign up for the fun at www.samhaincafe@yahoogroups.comthis event will take place on the samhain cafe, not the chatroom, so be prepared for a high volume of emails. you can choose to go digest, no mail or special notices and read and participate directly from the board, if you are someone who doesn't like a large number of emails to come through your inbox. we look forward to seeing everyone and helping us celebrate the fabulousness that is our readers!

posted by kate davies | 5:09 pm
 








 
		  		









 


