









josh brown | jazz musician | new york city | known for his warm dark sound and effortless sense of swing, canadian-born josh brown has become one of the leading young trombonists in new york city. josh has performed with some of jazz’s leading figures, including charlie persip, jimmy cobb, grant stewart, joe cohn, sachal vasandani, rodney whitaker, william ash, ari roland, pat labarbera, don thompson and jake wilkinson among others. currently, josh spends most of his time as a member of warner artist michael buble’s band, and is featured on the grammy nominated michael buble cd/dvd, ‘caught in the act’. josh has enjoyed a steady and diverse musical career, having played with non- jazz artists such as merl saunders, the philosopher kings, and as an orchestra member in the broadway musical fame. when home in new york, josh leads his own quartet, frequently collaborating with guitarist randy napoleon.




























josh brown

bio
live
gallery
music
news
contact
 


josh brown twitter
josh brown facebook
josh brown instagram
josh brown youtube








 
“of all the young jazz trombonists in nyc
josh brown is the one who’s found a voice”
– jazzman magazine 


 
“trombonist josh brown’s songbook trio interprets both
well-known and original tunes with a classy, slick approach,
highlighting the deftness and warmth of this emerging virtuoso.”
– scott levin (wdiy) 



 






music


"songbook trio" the album featuring randy napoleon & neal miner is now availalbe at a number of online stores including:

the itunes store

cdbaby.com

and the amazon marketplace



upcoming shows


 no events 




latest news

lessons via skype
january 4th, 2017
i am currently setting up an account to teach private lessons via skype. if you’re interested, please feel free to contact me through my website, i’d be more than happy to discuss! engaging your kids in learning new skills, such as jazz through online platforms like skype, can be a wonderful way to cultivate their […]



wdiy interview
june 8th, 2014
you can listen to my interview with wdiy’s scott levin right here.. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkpgd_d8hkg



wdiy radio interview
march 19th, 2014
i’ll be doing an interview tonight @9:10pm for wdiy radio host scott levin, discussing my latest album ‘songbook trio’ and much more. wdiy.org, 93.7fm west, 93.9fm east















webdesign

webdesign by maxwell carl scott
email: tallpyramids@gmail.com



links

amazon store
itunes store
cdbaby store
gut string records



contact

joshbrowninfo@gmail.com


copyright 2013 tallpyramids design and josh brown






best vpn in canada

