




  


home - crto





 
































































 

















crto


menu
home
public
members
employers
students
applicants
contact
 




français









 
read themedspa fact sheet. 


 



 
to learn more, click here. 


 
learn more here 


 
click here to view the seasonal respiratory pathogens planning guide. 


 
click here to view the information on mandatory reporting by employers 


 
need help completing your portfolio? please see our latest video in pdkeepr: portfolio 











 



member loginalready a member?
welcome to the members only
section of the crto.
login here
registerlooking for a respiratory therapist?
find one through our
online register today!
search directory
growvisit our page about ongoing professional growth and learn how to improve your career.
grow your career today!
respiratory health
informationlooking for our resources?
click for more info


about the crto
the crto is authorized by the regulated health professionals act. the role of the college of respiratory therapists of ontario is to regulate the practice of respiratory therapy and govern the members of the college in the public interest.
the college regulates the profession by setting out requirements for entry to practice. in addition, the college develops standards of practice, programs to facilitate members’ continuing competence and mechanisms to promote interprofessional collaboration and relations between the college and its stakeholders. the crto also has processes to address concerns… read more >
 









 join us on linkedin
follow @thecrto



blog


respiratory therapists can again use ultrasound in their practice without delegation
may 17, 2023


portfolio 2022
june 1, 2022


why rt’s make the best friends
april 11, 2022


my face, my business?
march 11, 2022


groundhog day
february 4, 2022


search the site  search for:    
have a question?
whether you have a question or can’t find something on our website, just let us know and we will get back to you with an answer as soon as possible!

 

















please leave this field empty.please leave this field empty.
























































































