


fit aviation | florida tech
























































skip to main content


















                academics 





                      academics
                    

                      florida tech’s approach to academics is research-driven, high-tech and hands-on, allowing our students to both gain knowledge and get real experience applying it. here, you don’t just learn—you do.                      




degrees & programs


colleges, schools & depts.


services & resources


learning experiences


aba online


florida tech at orlando


florida tech at spaceport


corporate level up program


continuing education


burrell college of osteopathic medicine


florida tech online








                research 





                      research
                    

                      it is through research that faculty members advance their fields, students enhance their learning, and the university creates change for the benefit of our planet and all of its inhabitants.                      




student design & research


centers, institutes & labs


news & stories


center for advanced manufacturing & innovative design (camid)


library


faculty profiles


sponsored programs


expert directory








                admission & aid 





                      admission & aid
                    


                      ready for the future? whether you hope to join the florida tech family as a freshman, transfer student or graduate student, your journey to panther-hood starts here.                        
apply
get info
visit 





why florida tech


first year admission


transfer admission


graduate admission


international admission


visiting florida tech


scholarships & aid


admitted students


dual enrollment


non-degree seeking


connect with us


office of financial aid








                life at florida tech 





                      life at florida tech
                    

                      what's it like to live and learn at florida tech? the answer differs for every student, but you can count on one thing: the people here are friendly, open-minded and passionate about their work.
                      





clubs & organizations


residence-life & housing


campus dining


health & wellness


fitness & recreation


civic engagement


greek life


arts & culture


athletics & esports


about florida tech









                  select spacebar or enter to search florida tech website
                
 search
              






search: 


when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures.







                links for 





                      students
                    



                      faculty & staff
                    



                      parents & families
                    



                      alumni & friends
                    





              |
            


                apply
              



                visit
              



                get info
              


              |
            


                give
              





            apply
          

            get info
          

            visit				
          



 give to florida tech  




menu

















 florida tech  fit aviation
fit aviation




skip section navigation







            page menu
            


why fit aviationflight trainingstudent resourcesstaff resourcesservicestour the flight linecontact fit aviation





why fit aviation?
flight training
student resources
services







flight school at florida's stem university

 fit aviation is the home of all university aviation operations, from ground school and air traffic control to simulation and flight instruction. it is located at the melbourne international airport (kmlb), just minutes from florida tech's beautiful residential campus.
florida tech is one of the elite few private universities to offer undergraduate aeronautics degree programs with flight options and fit aviation is proud of its role in these exciting programs. you will find florida tech graduates working in nearly every airline as well as in airports, training centers, safety agencies and aviation companies all over the world.

university links
college of aeronautics
admissions
bachelor's degree programs
aeronautical science - flight, b.s.
aviation human factors and safety - flight, b.s.
aviation management - flight, b.s.
aviation meteorology - flight, b.s.




aeronautics newsflorida tech students take to the skies to aid california wildfire reliefcarstens lends human factors expertise to nasa-kscsimple flying names florida tech a top flight school





flight training programs approvals

the federal aviation administration (faa) has approved fit aviation, a department of florida tech, to offer part 141 flight training.













          150 w. university blvd.
          melbourne, fl 32901
        

(321) 674-8000



show your support
contact us


florida tech facebook


florida tech twitter


florida tech instagram



florida tech tiktok


florida tech youtube


florida tech linkedin




resources


academic calendar


catalog


employment


security




information


consumer information disclosures


privacy policy


non-discrimination & accessibility


title ix






view florida tech’s ease grant performance measures




campus map | sitemap



        © florida institute of technology. 
        














edit page 