










lakewood chamber of commerce | non-profit organization for businesses































×
login




 


 


forgot password?


login









1771 madison avenue, suite 5 lakewood, nj 08701


phone : 732-363-0012  |  
staff@mylakewoodchamber.com 

join now

login







 toggle navigation    



home 
 
          about          

 
              blog               


 
          our staff          

 
          directory          

 
          events          

 
          membership          

 
          member spotlight          

 
          business tips & resources          

 
          contact          













welcome to the
lakewood chamber of commerce










lakewoodchamber of commerce
our chamber is a voluntary non-profit organization made up of new jersey businesses and professionals, working together to build a healthy economy and to improve life in our community. the lakewood chamber of commerce has been active in the lakewood community since 1917. the lakewood chamber of commerce services not only businesses in lakewood, nj, it serves businesses in all of ocean and monmouth counties and beyond. new jersey businesses can profit from the many benefits the lakewood chamber of commerce offers. 
read more
 









become a chamber
          member today!
our chamber is a voluntary non-profit organization made up of new jersey businesses and professionals, working together to build a healthy economy and to improve life in our community. the lakewood chamber of commerce has been active in the lakewood community since 1917. 
join now
 


  








spotlight on our members



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   



 
   











 feb 25
2025

upcoming
event feature



legislative networking breakfast
come join members & friends for a legislative networking breakfast!!
guest speaker: senator robert singer
nj senator 30th district
kosher food available

 date:  february 25, 2025   8:30 pm - 12:00 am
register now


view more












bp print group hosts lakewood chamber business after hours
bp print group, 315 fourth street, lakewood, and its ceo ben heinemann hosted about 75 people at a lakewood chamber of commerce "business after hours". attendees were treated to prizes; caricatures by professional artists; sushi, wraps, salads, and a variety of food from upper crust, lakewood; and such promotional items as personally engraved post-it books, pens, and portable computer lights.





monmouth medical center
medical center southern campus (mmcsc), an rwjbarnabas health facility serving parts of northern ocean county and southern monmouth county.
read more >>





the strand center for the arts










lakewood chamber of commerce







advocacy
                  the chamber advocates on behalf of our membership. members have access to lawmakers and elected officials in lakewood, ocean county, and trenton.





apostille seal
                  we can assist in authenticating the seals and signatures of officials and public documents, such as birth certificates, court orders or any other documents issued by public authority so they can be recognized in foreign countries.





brochure & business card display
                  display your brochure and/or business card at the chamber office at no additional charge.





certificate of origins
                  let the lakewood chamber of commerce assist you with your international trade. we can provide a certificate of origin which certifies that your goods in your shipment are obtained, manufactured, or processed in the united states.





chamber events
receive invitations to dozens of events throughout the year,including networking events,educational breakfasts, "business after hours", and business expos just to name a few!





event sponsorship
increase your visibility by sponsoring one of our signature events, such as the comedy show, citizen of the year awards dinner, and our holiday celebration. we also have sponsorship opportunities available for our other events. all of the chamber's events are widely marketed and well-attended.





membership directory
                  our website provides a comprehensive listing of our member businesses. use the directory, which lists chamber businesses both alphabetically and categorically, to find business partners, prospects and suppliers.





membership discounts
                  members enjoy discounted attendance at all networking and educational events!





networking
                  each of our events has time allotted for networking and getting to know other chamber members and friends.





notary service
                  the lakewood chamber of commerce  offers notary services to help make life easier. once your documents are notarized, the chamber will help you make any necessary copies and ship them where they need to go.





promotion packages
                  select from our members-only promotion packages and enhance your visibility! the chamber has a vibrant social media presence to help your business succeed.





referrals
                  each week the chamber receives inquiries asking to be referred to a business which will meet their needs. the chamber will only recommend their members!
















quick links

home
about
events
directory
terms & conditions
privacy policy
business tips & resources
contact







contact us
 
1771 madison avenue, suite 5 lakewood, nj 08701 
  phone : 732-363-0012 
  fax : 732-367-4453 
  email : staff@mylakewoodchamber.com 

  
            





    © copyright lakewood chamber of commerce 2025. all rights reserved. built by wingman planning
























