      parkway chevrolet | new & used auto dealer in tomball, tx                                 



                                                parkway chevrolet             main number 281-351-8211    sales 832-717-1706  service 832-717-1720  parts 281-351-4309   25500 state hwy 249tomball, tx 77375                           service        map        contact                         parkway chevrolet                  call 281-351-8211   directions                 new   search inventory   buy online   parkway advantage   guaranteed trade value   business elite     pre-owned   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   certified pre-owned vehicles   parkway advantage   guaranteed trade value     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts coupons   my chevrolet rewards   chevrolet special offers     service & parts   service department   schedule service   tire finder   gm accessories     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   second chance credit   onstar assistance	     about   our dealership   parkway advantage   careers   automotive blog   dealership information     help   help center   hours & directions     scrubway wash and lube   scrubway wash and lube   scrubway wash menu                      new   search inventory   buy online   parkway advantage   guaranteed trade value   business elite     pre-owned   search inventory   vehicles under 20k   certified pre-owned vehicles   parkway advantage   guaranteed trade value     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts coupons   my chevrolet rewards   chevrolet special offers     service & parts   service department   schedule service   tire finder   gm accessories     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   second chance credit   onstar assistance	     about   our dealership   parkway advantage   careers   automotive blog   dealership information     help   help center   hours & directions     scrubway wash and lube   scrubway wash and lube   scrubway wash menu               

                                                                                                                                                                                                                              







inventory
more



inventory
search

       filter your search              new used certified    any year  any make  any model search       









service
more



schedule service
 schedule now



service
our technicians are highly trained to perform quality service.




service




schedule




specials







      search new inventory     search used inventory        



explore the chevrolet lineup
 see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.






trax






tahoe






silverado 1500






silverado 2500hd






equinox





blazer





blazer ev





colorado





corvette





equinox ev





malibu





silverado ev





suburban





trailblazer





traverse




explore all new inventory



     






certified pre-owned 








get financing 








special offers




     



parkway chevrolet
in tomball, tx
parkway chevrolet is your trusted dealership in tomball and the reason why our loyal customers keep coming back. from the time you enter our showroom when you service with us, you can expect to be treated like family, each and every visit. we offer an extensive inventory, as well as our competitive lease specials, finance options and expert auto service. we are dedicated to providing exceptional customer service to houston chevrolet customers and being an integral part of our community.
more about us


                  


sales hours      monday 9:00am - 9:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 9:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 9:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 9:00pm    friday 9:00am - 9:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 9:00pm    sunday closed    
     




follow us


                  




     welcome to parkway chevroletare you in the market for a high-quality new chevrolet vehicle for sale? are you in search of a budget-friendly used car? are you looking for a reputable and trustworthy dealership in the greater houston, tx area? if so, parkway chevrolet is the place for you. we strive to make the car buying experience hassle-free for everyone who shops with us. so come in and find out for yourself why our customers come back time and time again.the parkway familyat parkway chevrolet, you, our valued customer, are the top priority. from the moment you walk through the door, you become a part of our family. our team of dedicated salespeople will go out of their way to help you find the perfect vehicle and answer any questions you may have. in all, we want to ensure that you leave our dealership 100% satisfied, which is why we take the time to get to know you and your needs. at parkway chevrolet, we are family; that includes you.what to expect on the lotstepping onto our lot full of vehicles may feel overwhelming, but do not fret, we are ready to help you find what you are looking for. if you need a comfortable suv with plenty of space, you might want to check out the chevrolet equinox. or you may consider our extensive inventory of silverado pickup trucks; they are sure to help you to accomplish any task. and for tomball drivers who are looking for something with a lower price point, we have a variety of pre-owned vehicles in stock. no matter what you need, we've got you covered. assistance for lifeonce you have sifted through our options and chosen your new or new-to-you vehicle, you can let our finance department take care of all your auto loan needs. our highly skilled staff is well-versed in dealing with lenders to get the loan terms and rates that work best for you. the money aspect of purchasing a new car is stressful, which is why we work tirelessly to take the burden off your shoulders and only present you with the best options out there.but our assistance does not end after you sign the papers or drive off the lot. vehicles require a lot of regular maintenance to ensure they are safe and reliable. that is why we have a fully-equipped chevy service center with certified technicians to help you keep your car running at its very best. when we say family, we mean it. we will be here for you for years to come.visit parkway chevrolethere at parkway chevrolet, we strive to ensure that all of our customers are treated with the respect and courtesy they deserve. if you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to contact us or stop by to chat in person. we look forward to serving you!
                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | parkway chevrolet | 25500 state hwy 249, tomball, tx 77375 | main number: 281-351-8211              








































                