








home - plastic and metal center inc



































































 











		skip to content

 











 












about
services

cnc machine thermoforming molding fabrication die cutting rapid prototyping

products
industries
newsletters
contact
0 itemsx
 











submit rfq



























 





 











your vision, our precision  - 
 



manufacturing excellence 
by pmc 










products














services



















 







 







 







 







 











capabilities 



solutions for cnc machining. 











 





                    strategy and  planning                



 







 





                    multi-axis cnc turning                



 







 





                    multi-axis cnc milling                



 







 





                    additive manufacturing (3d printing)                



 







 





                    additional capabilities                



 















about us 



25 years of service, thousands
of satisfied customers 



 











							1993 – plastic & metal center, inc. was established						


						plastic & metal center, inc. has been established over twenty-fives ago with a focus on healthcare packaging solutions. utilizing state of the art design techniques, plastic & metal center, inc. can design, develop, and produce your packaging needs for all medical and dental applications. we evaluate numerous options for any medical packaging application and suggest best and most feasible options.					










							1998 – addition of cleanroom						


						pmc medial packaging has been manufacturing parts for the healthcare industry in a cleanroom for about twenty years. we can manufacture any part in our certified cleanroom or in a clean environment at a reduced cost where a cleanroom is not required.					










							2008 – iso 9001:2008 certification						


						pmc has been iso certified for over a decade. we meet all hepa requirements for your medical packaging applications.					










							2018 – facility expansion and iso 9001:2015 certification upgrade						


						plastic & metal center, inc. added more than 5,000 square foot to its manufacturing facility to provide turnkey production to its ever expanding customers. pmc has been iso certified for over a decade and this certification was updated in 2018.					









learn more























our process 



from your blueprint to
completion. 










get quote



















							phase 1: project review						



submit your drawing and request for quote (rfq)
our team will analyze and develop the bill-of-materials along with the manufacturing & inspection planning.
electronic quote will be sent to the client which will include the part number, revision level, quantity price breaks, any outside services required, and turn-time for delivery.
 














							phase 2: manufacturing						



manufacturing team will organize and procure the necessary materials and create a project plan.
new set-ups will undergo a through first article inspection for approval prior to production.
manufacturing team will schedule and assign the appropriate multi-axis cnc
equipment
production team performs critical in-process inspections using keyence and shop-floor 
 














							phase 3: finalize shipment						



we offer many added value services such as plating, anodizing, etc.
our kitting department will then properly assemble, kit, mark, or package your components.
a  certificate of conformance (c of c) will be generated along with the inspection reports, material certs, and processing certs.
parts will then be delivered to your company already thoroughly assessed and inspected by our quality team.
 


















industries 



advanced technologies 
to support critical industries. 











 





 



                    medical                
thermo-vacuum formed petg trays, hips trays, tyvek pouches, custom cnc machined fixtures and medical devices, catheter racks, sealing fixtures, simple and complex injection molded parts, over-molding of medical grade titanium or stainless steel such as surgical instruments, and more.





 







 





 



                    aerospace                
aluminum, stainless steel, or titanium parts with full material traceability and process certification. special engineered plastic parts for the aerospace industry.




 







 





 



                    equipment                
custom parts for your equipment for any industry. parts for the heavy-duty machinery using all various grades of steel.





 







 





 



                    energy                
various metal or plastic parts for the energy segment using state-of-the-art 5-axis cnc machining.





 







 





 



                    defense                
custom parts for the defense and military industries with tight tolerances, material and process certification.





 














learn more














 



 







have a question? send us a message 





 

































 















phone : 949-770-8230 







address : 23162 la cadena drive, laguna hills, california, 92653 







									email : sales@plastic-metal.com 















 











about
services
products
industries
newsletters
contact
x
 












									copyright © 2023 – all rights reserved plastic & metal center, inc. | website design & developed by orange web group, llc 






 







 scroll to top


 





























