










mark cosenza's homepage

























       



 
come join the fun in 
		  2024 !!!



click above for addtional information and to register for 
		  the event.







      	  click above to see if you have registered and which pass you have. 
last updated on 9/23/24






		  october 10-13, 2024 



what is windy city linedancemania? 
		  

it's great workshops! 
>




      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


click above to sample a full 
		  watch and learn workshop at a windy city event!  
		  this dance is called our own party by jo szymanski, shane mckeever and 
		  roy hadisubroto

it's open dancing all night! 


it's great personalities bringing dances from all over the globe!
 





check out a sample workshop teach of international sensations roy hadisubroto and fiona murray teaching "i feel phenominal" 
		   

 
  windy city linedancemania features: 
6 different rooms of dance workshops during the day 
		    3 different rooms of open dancing at night 
  all levels - beginners to advanced dancers are welcome!! 

come join the fun in 2024!  event registration opens on december 1st! 

























						 



 



      	  		our amazing world-renowned windy city 
				  linedancemania 2023 staff!











      	  		  check out this year's 20th anniversay t shirt design!  
				  order yours
				  
				  online or at the event!  
				  


 


check out the 2023 pro-choreography competition winner



      	  		  our own party by jo szymanski, shane mckeever and roy 
				  hadisubroto



      	  		  download the 				  
				  step sheet here!  
 









check out the 2023 pro-choreography challenge workshop demo



			  chicag-uh-oh by simon ward, fiona murray and fred whitehouse



			  	   



      			 


 






open dancing nightly!


      
              come join the fun next year w/ out nightly open dancing!!


      
            


wgm














      			 






      			 






      			 






      			 






      			 



wgn morning news, chicago's number 1 newsleader reported on the windy city linedancemania team 
				  international 
				  winner.  check out what they had to say










      	  		 


 



		   




		   




got a comment for mark?  







          got a comment for mark? 







  









            email to  



      	




mcosenza@countryedge.com







             



 










           




      	   






           




      	   






           




      	   














  line dancing has evolved a long way since the 
achy breaky heart days... check out today's moves and come out and join us at 
one of our events! the next one is in july and we have a special room 
dedicated for beginner dancers. all ages welcome!click on the video 
		  below featuring team international's winning dance . for a great sample of what you will learn at the windy city events! 














help keep this website going! 



























& 












 










 











             





















                    email mark



              img border="4" src="markpointing.jpg" width="135" height="145" align="left">/td>



      



 
 










