 visit the living rainforest      book nowplan your visitgift ticketskeeper experiencesafternoon teaonline shopgroup visitsvenue & location hireparking informationwhat to seeschoolsschool tourslearning resourcesour world from spacenews & eventslatest newsupcoming eventsabout ussustainability at the living rainforestcontact ussupport usdonateadopt an animalamazon wish listvolunteerjobssupport a rainforest project  search   search   search   searchabout ussustainability at the living rainforestcontact ussupport usdonateadopt an animalamazon wish listvolunteerjobssupport a rainforest projectbook nowplan your visitgift ticketskeeper experiencesafternoon teaonline shopgroup visitsvenue & location hireparking informationwhat to seeschoolsschool tourslearning resourcesour world from spacenews & eventslatest newsupcoming eventsdiscover the wonders of the rainforestbook your arrival timebook now + faq'sdonate news & events  book now for feb half-term: hidden worlds 15 february 2025 — 23 february 2025   best geography learning experience winner (again!)   experience a company awayday at the living rainforest book your next visitwe want every visitor to have a great experience! to guarantee entry & save time and money, please pre-book online.booking information & faq'swhat to seeexperience the sights, sounds & smells of a lush tropical rainforest. our glasshouses contain over 800 types of plants and animals, including many rare & endangered species.learn more  learn about the rainforestdespite covering just 6% of the planet’s land surface, rainforests are believed to contain around half of all the plants and animals on earth. learn more and get a glimpse of what you will see on your visit in our video.adopt an animaladopt a living rainforest animal today! whether you choose a dart frog, sloth, toucan, python, armadillo, iguana or monkey, adoptions make great gifts… with a range of options for different budgets.find out more sustainability days for companiesescape to the rainforest! get inspired with our special experience & training days – helping to bring corporate sustainability to life. learn from our award-winning guides & knowledgeable sustainability team.learn morehighly recommended!  perfect school trip for school children. we had a fantastic time and learnt a lot about the rainforest animals, plants and their adaptation to their habitat. highly recommended! from  tripadvisorlove it here  we have visited several times and find it a fascinating place to visit. there's lots to see and do, especially for children. i particularly love the sloth. was great watching her at feed time interacting with her patient team worker. great to see the snakes and the learning session for kids is brilliant. from  tripadvisorgreat value  i came here with my daughter and grandchildren during the school summer holidays. totally enjoyed our day, and came back again. it's fab that when you buy a ticket, it's valid for a whole year so can come back numerous times. the grandchildren were in awe of the sloth!!! will definitely go back again, and again!!! from  tripadvisorgood learning place for young children  went with granddaughter, she loved it. there was a lot to see and do. there are quiz, colouring, dot to dot, find plants and animals and other pages of fun for the kids to do. as you walk around the massive greenhouses seeing lots of different types of plants and trees, you come across birds and animals, some in tanks and glass enclosures, some are wandering around with the visitors. there are frogs, lizard, snakes, fish and more. from  tripadvisorhow to find usthe living rainforest hampstead norreys berkshire rg18 0tn view map & directions01635 202 444 enquiries@livingrainforest.orgopening times9:30am – 4:00pmarrival times are staggered departure times are flexiblesubscribebe the first to know when there’s news or events at the living rainforest by subscribing to our newsletter or following us on facebook and twitter.  email   gofacebooktwitteroperated and run by the trust for sustainable living. charity number: 1085057v2.0© 2025 the living rainforestemail usprivacy policy 


