




raintree county home page








melville is a sea fir, the curve of the keel
      springs from his branches, an arm
      of timber and ship. whitman impossible to count
      as grain, poe in his mathematical
      darkness, dreiser, wolfe,
      fresh wounds of our own absence,
      lockridge more recently, all bound to the depths,
      how many others, bound to the darkness:
      over them the same dawn of the hemisphere burns,
      and out of them what we are has come.


pablo neruda,
      1948



 
what's
new --- site map --- order novel
here
--- order biography here

























...which had no boundaries in time and space, where lurked
      musical and strange names and mythical and lost peoples, and
      which was itself only a name musical and strange.








ross lockridge, jr.
boston 1948



     "once long ago when i reread
  raintree county, i had a momentary
  impulse to write a literary critique, something i never do, to
  be called 'he came, and ye knew him not.' by him i meant
  the author of 'the great american novel.'" --from "raintree
  county sixty years later: a remembrance" by herman wouk,
  forward to the chicago review press edition. (more)

recent acclaim and classic reviews of ross lockridge, jr.'s
1948 novel,
"raintree county"
~
short bio of the novelist
ross lockridge, jr.

--raintree
county cover images from: sweden,
norway, finland,
japan, spain,
bomc--






the novel
raintree county
           by
      ross lockridge, jr.    
chicago review press
details!







chicago review
      press
      paperback
isbn: 1556527101
    


educator discounts:
independent
        publishers group


used
houghton mifflin &
      bomc hardcover editions





acclaim for ross lockridge, jr.'s 1948 novel -- 16 excerpts
  with 4 unabridged reviews
 
      "an achievement
  of art and purpose, a cosmically brooding book full of significance
  and beauty." -the new york times

      "like
  the environmental novels of the last (2) decade(s) [edward abbey,
  the monkey wrench gang (1975), a.b. guthrie, jr., arfive
  (1971), and jack schaefer, mavericks (1967)], raintree
  county calls, ultimately, for a perception of space and place
  that is neither national nor social, but rather is ecological--the
  perception that person and place, space and time, are interdependent
  and one. it is an ecological novel written before its time, and
  its time has finally come." -fred erisman, markham review

      "no myth
  is more imposing than the great american novel; but if it is
  truly unattainable, i believe that ross lockridge, jr. made closer
  approach than any other writer has, before or since." -larry
  swindell, syndicated books editor of the fort worth star-telegram,
  july 26, 1998.

     
  "no wonder critics of the day could not, or would not, understand
  the novel. . . lockridge could see all too well what was happening
  to his beloved country. (also ahead of time, and unappreciated,
  was his fear for the natural environment of raintree county,
  his sense that america was under attack from railroad tracks
  and smokestacks.)
        larry lockridge says his father
  hoped the novel would remind people of the original promise of
  america, 'still alive though stunted.'" --complete
  review:   marcia
  abramson, detroit free press

      "my favorite
  novel of all time is raintree county. it's about american
  journalism, patriotism, and a star-crossed love affair a hundred
  years ago. like the bible, you can pick it up, read any page,
  and gain something. it's poetry. forget the movie, if you saw
  it, the book is something entirely different." -edna buchanan,
  author, you only die twice and cold case squad.
  recipient of the pulitzer prize in 1986 for general reporting
  at the miami herald.

     
  "the powerful currents and depth of this great swollen river
  of a book remain irresistible. raintree county doesn't have to
  be the great american novel to be an american classic and a classic
  expression of the american dream; a time and place in our history
  are made permanent in this book."  -complete review: 
  richard dyer, boston
  globe

      "just
  how good is raintree county? . . . looking back at it,
  one is struck by the strength of its prose and the life of its
  characters. the civil war section alone, well over 200 pages
  and the heart of the book, justifies the extravagant great american
  novel claims some critics have made for it. . . . had ross lockridge,
  jr. lived, he might well have changed the direction of american
  writing-for that, and nothing less, was his intention."
  -bruce cook, chicago tribune

      raintree county
  is "a work that should rank with thomas wolfe's look
  homeward, angel as a landmark in american fiction."
  ross lockridge, jr. attempted to "write the great american
  encyclopedic novel, one that absorbs all the modern literary
  devices of his day and breathes them forth refashioned on a wind
  from walt whitman." -donald newlove, philadelphia
  inquirer.

      "[an]
  extraordinary work . . . i have reread raintree county
  at least once a year. it is a book that i, at least, have grown
  into, still grow into." -robin mather, detroit news

      "[a]t
  the end of the century, when lists were propounded identifying
  the great novels of the epoch.... raintree county was
  an egregious omission. . . . lockridge himself once wrote of
  victor hugo's les miserables: 'this immense work, full
  of interminable descriptions, digressions, superfluous episodes,
  offering us realism, romanticism, sentimentality, artificiality,
  lyricism, satire -- in short, everything -- manages even because
  of this amplitude to give a sensation of epic nobility and diverse
  genius.' the description applies to raintree county. .
  . . the sheer ambition, to create a kind of ulysses embodying
  america, embraces the reader at the beginning and doesn't let
  up. it has a whitmanesque exuberance." -dick cady, pulitzer
  prize-winning journalist, the herald-times, march 4, 2001

      raintree county
  "still holds up well. in fact, the book's views on women's
  rights, on ecology and other current issues help make a convincing
  case that lockridge was simply writing a generation ahead of
  his time. . . the book was made to suffer as a literary work
  because of its popularity. . . lockridge has been dead now for
  nearly half a century. perhaps this time around, his novel will
  find its intended audience."  -william lutholtz,
    indianapolis news

      "[a] candidate
  for that mythical honor, the great american novel, raintree
  county displays unflagging industry [and] a . . . magnificent
  vitality." -saturday review

     
  "scores of characters flit through its pages, characters
  that a hogarth or a bruegel might have assembled on canvas, characters
  that suggest both whitmanian energies and dickensian drolleries,
  and characters that have a fey poetic charm. . . the sheer sparkle
  and dazzle of things holds and compels. . . but i trust eventually
  the great appeal of the book lies in its visionary prose, in
  its architectonics, and in its narratology. it is not surprising
  to see the language acquire wings and take off as though possessed,
  wanting to reach out to the extremities of human thought and
  experience."  -complete review:  darshan maini,the tribune
  of india

      "many
  had tried to write the great american novel. few had been told
  during their own lifetimes, and especially so young, that they
  had succeeded. . . for ross lockridge as a young man worked with
  a drivenness, day and night, trying always to be bigger than
  big, including not only all of the mythology of america in its
  pastoral singing, but all of the mythology of all time. . . [the
  novel's sadness] seems to come more from a cosmic anticipation
  than an actual knowledge, or perhaps from a deep spiritual knowledge,
  rooted in his family history and his bones."  -erika
  duncan, the new york times

      raintree county
  is "a book that many people--including myself--believed
  was the closest any work had ever approached the mythical goal
  of the great american novel."  -leonard duckett,  fort
  worth star-telegram

      "i would
  argue that the paragraph, not the sentence, is the basic unit
  of writing-- the place where coherence begins and words stand
  a chance of becoming more than mere words. if the moment of quickening
  is to come, it comes at the level of the paragraph. it is a marvelous
  and flexible instrument that can be a single word long or run
  on for pages (one paragraph in don robertson's historical novel
  paradise falls is sixteen pages long; there are pages
  in ross lockridge's raintree county which are nearly that).
  you must learn to use it well if you are to write well. what
  this means is a lot of practice; you have to learn the beat."
  -stephen king, on writing, scribner, 2000, p.134.  [such
  long paragraphs actually are not to be found in the novel, but
  stephen king's remembrance is itself testament to their solid
  relatedness, rhythm, or quickening. --rliii, rc.com]

     
  "the republication of raintree county and the publication
  of shade of the raintree are indeed the most important literary
  publications of 1994 . . . in these two publications, a remarkable,
  perhaps even a great literary work will continue to live in spite
  of the vagaries of literary fashion, popular taste, or literary
  celebrity. if raintree county is not the fabled great american
  novel, it will do until that unlikely work appears. . . evident
  at once in re-reading the novel is not only the durability of
  the characters and the myth that ross lockridge created, but
  the elements that make the novel even more timely in 1994 than
  it was in 1948."  -complete review:  david anderson, director,
  the center for the study of midwestern literature and culture


back to table of contents
please mail any comments or suggestions to:
@raintreecounty.com



the
      novel
essays
other
      writings
rl jr.
      writer's award
complete
      contents
book
      orders


the
      biography
links
photos
      / postcards
rc
      source & facsimiles
suicide
      & prevention
movie
      & score


site managed by riii
page last updated: nov. 7, 2015
designed by henley/graphics
http://www.raintreecounty.com


