




help me figure out my life




































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































nickolas15
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














nickolas15







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement







help me figure out my life 

[most recent entries]
[calendar view]
[friends]

below are the 20 most recent journal entries recorded in
nick's livejournal:

[ << previous 20 ]

saturday, march 24th, 20079:36 pm
pissed at the world alright, well, today was not a good day. so, to get that out of the way: 1.) i really don;t want to talk about my shitty day 2.) i was so looking forward to tonight but things didn't quite pan out exactly as i had hoped, fuck who am i kidding they didn't pan out at all 3.) today i am bitter, bitter as fuck which sucks because i am actually a very optimistic person 4.)i kept pondering this question and it is a question that has been irking me all fucking week.   here it is, here is my story:    remember in kindergarden when they taught you about the golden rule.  the golden rule states that you should treat others as you would like to be treated.  right now since i am bitter i believe that rule, the rule that is supposed to be soooo great is actually crap.  that's right crap!!!   you can kiss as much ass, you can be sincere, you can be helpful but your still going to get shit on.      i mean you can walk out on to the ledge for someone and look into the balck abyss below and think to your self "they will save me. i have given them my all, i will be saved from this and maybe be treated well after."  but in reality you can think all that you want but i've found that many times,  like 8 out of 10 times you fall into the abyss leaving yourself in the hole filled with void that you had hoped would be occupied  with affection, thoughtfulness, kindness or just care (i just want to know that during the day someone anyone thinks about me as much as i think about them).     i sink so much of my fucking time into shit that i never get gratitude for.  i may get a little thank you or an oh, your so sweet.  but i want to be treated like i treat people i want the shit that i give and do for people.  i treat others as they want to be treated why in the hell can't they.for my audience this is not intended for any one specifically it is a cluster of people this is addressed to all of the people who take me for granite. current mood:  annoyed
(5 comments |comment on this)wednesday, march 14th, 20079:20 pm
 everyone cross your fingers for me and hope that tomorrow goes well!!! 
(comment on this)tuesday, march 13th, 20079:09 am
 alright i need to explain that last entry left yesterday when i was high on vicaden.  friday i got all four wisdom teeth pulled plus this tooth that was growing out of place.  five fuckin' teeth and i am feelin them.  to comfort me i have gone through two gallons of fudge ripple and like seven gallons of cherry sluches. i can't chew anything because of the stitches and the swelling in my mouth so i havn't eaten meat in four days.       but today is perfect at work they sent me home because they could see that i felt like shit.  so on my way home i picked up some movies and they are all romantic comedies.  "must love dogs," "you've got mail," "under the tuscan sun" i looked for fried green tomatoes but it was gone and i also looked for sleepless in seattle also gone. 
(2 comments |comment on this)monday, february 26th, 200711:38 am
i miss the romance this written as a catharsis, a venting method. this is that last tool that i know of to end this sadness that has surrounded me. i hate being lonely. i hat e the dating scene. i want the traditional setting i want what my syblings have. everyone in my family has married their first love and has lived happily ever after. i want that i hate this hide and seek game. i truely don't care about having tons of sex with many men. i simply want to find that one guy that i can love for the rest of my life. i want traditional life but tweeked a little to allow the homosexuality part of me. i want to have someone to grow old with, to travel with, and possibly raise children with. i did have someone is name was james he was a great guy but he jsut wasn't what i needed. it has been six weeks since i broke up with him. the first three were spent asking my self if i made the right decision and the second three weeks have been spent submersing myself in lonelyness. i found that i don't miss him personally i miss that actions that i would take when i was around him. i guess what i am trying to say is i'm missing the way that i felt around him.... well in the beginning.... of course in the beginning everything is great. i miss holding his hand as we drove to the video store. i miss finding things throughout my day and when i saw him at night the look on his face when i would present them to him. and most of all i miss singing to him. we had a song it was michelle my belle by the bettles and whenever we were alone i would sing that song to hom while holding him in my arms. i miss the warmth, the company, the confidence. if i wanted to i could go out with this one guy but i am unsure of it. the guy i want can't have because of long distance and the guys i can have are all to fem. and flamboyant for my taste. last week i was in boston and it was increadible the amount of gay life that existed in that city. there were guys holding hands through the mall. guys that are gay but just to the point were i could tell they wern't overly flamboyant. and i totally found out that i am a sucker for east coast put together men ( god they are hot). and then i come back to pueblo, colo. and once again i find nothing. i find these overly sensitive and dramatice men who just flat out piss me off and make me want to deck them. i just miss the romance and the words that i sang:      michelle my belle these are words that go together well my michelle.      i will say the only words i know  that you'll understand, my michelle current mood:  depressed
(5 comments |comment on this)sunday, february 11th, 20072:10 pm
so...... gemini's ..... hunh...who would have thunk it table border='0' cellpadding='5' cellspacing='0' width='600'><tr><td></td><td> you scored as gemini. you get along best with the sign of gemini. although geminis tend to be gossipy, and 'chatter-boxy', they can be some of the most brilliant people you'll ever meet. communication is their domain. they are very intellectual, and quick witted. gemini95%sagittarius65%aries65%leo60%pisces60%libra60%aquarius60%virgo45%scorpio45%taurus40%capricorn40%cancer30%</td></tr>what sign of the zodiac are you meant for?created with quizfarm.com</table> current mood: busy
(1 comment |comment on this)monday, january 22nd, 200712:21 pm
well woopie i had the experience of having a boyfriend i hate it that my dream was a rouse
the thoughts of bliss, all a lie
i still lead myself astray by these thoughts of conflation 
usually i'm an optimist, i now see a relationship for what it is.  
relationships are lessons in life
the first lesson to learn is: leash your heart
the second is you don't always get treated the same way you treat others
and the most important, resolve issues as soon as they arise
 
when ignorant of life i thougtht a relationship was about voluntary comprimise.
changing together so that throughout the two would join.
they would join so close that air, light, and differences would no longer exist.
my dream was to have a close relationship
instead i received a relationship of dissapointment.
after the love of lust cleared i was left with an unknown person
i recognized, him however, all i knew was his face
i didn't know what was behind those eyes of his 
but time was created  for this purpose 
the purpose of passing time by on the way to ultimately knowing another
but when you get to the point that you no longer care, what do you do?
i no longer care to know him because he never longed to know me.
he was content with never knowing what was behind my face.
 
he is such an asshole!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
(2 comments |comment on this)saturday, september 16th, 200610:41 pm
 
damn how hott are these i love this well in my opinion .  let me know what all of you think!!! 
(12 comments |comment on this)10:35 pm
 
 
(comment on this)friday, august 25th, 20063:51 pm
  you scored as perfect man. wow.. your the perfect man.. contact me!perfect man100%just a trick58%maybe one day55%anti-boyfriend43%your a fag hag33%you are the anti-boyfriend.33%</td>boyfriend application - gay men onlycreated with quizfarm.com 
(3 comments |comment on this)saturday, august 19th, 20068:32 am
my mission statement "some believe in happiness and some believe in fate but i believe that happiness is something we create."
i am going on a mini vacation this weekend but when i get back i will create my own happiness.  there is this guy that i want to ask out. i have been flirting my ass off and i hve finally made my decision. . . ( drum roll please) . . . i'm going for it!!!   i have decided that the quote above is my mission statement.  i will make my own happiness and ask him out.  if he is gay and says yes perfect!  and if he is not gay well. . .  yeas i will be humiliated but when i look back and in hindsight i will not have any regrets.  i will know that all i was trying to to is make my self happy.  i do believe that my happiness will come from something that i create . . . and hopefully on sunday i will create it.  
  
(9 comments |comment on this)sunday, july 16th, 20061:10 am
so complicated alright well tonight i went bowling with some buddies of which one was a family member.  i was havign a great time until it was my turn and when i came back from bowling everyone was looking and laughing at me.  the girl that ran the cashiers station at the place aksed one of my friends girlfriend if i would like her number.  unfortunately she figured yeah he doesn't have a girlfriend so yeah he would totally like her number.  well since i am not out of the closet at all and no one has any indication that i am gay they kept pressuring me to persue this chick.  this girl was like every straight man's dream girl you could so tell that she was easy and she was just so damn pushy.  she got us all free food, two extra hours of bowling, and she even wrote her number on a napkin and gave it to me.  a straight guy would persue this but then again i am not straight.  i could have led her on but i'm not like that i hate leading people on i just want to spare their felings.  so i did all that i could do without outing myself and that was just basically give her the cold shoulder.  and things get worse or maybe better.  these two hot guys walk in and i'll admit i do have a flirtatious personality and they were also hot so i hit on them.  all the while my friends are trying to talk me in to " get with this girl."  oh my god it is so hard these guys were totally in to me and i couldn't even persue it because i need to keep this facade of being straight because i am not ready to come out.  i begin to worry that my friends will find out and the struggle between what i want and what society and the people around me wants i gat sick.  i threw up in the bath room and worried so much that at this moment i am still sick.  so i tried to regroup and when i came out the towo hot guys left and when they left they said hey and waved at me i was happy but had to conceal my joy so no one else knew.  so i waited a little wile and walked out side and as open the door they drive past and it was like seeing a longing very wanted dream just drive out of my life.  this is a very promising missed opportunity that i totally fucked up.  then when i walk in side kind of depressed this girl asks me if i will call her.  oh why does this have to be so hard!!!!!!!!!!  in my head i think ffffuuuucccckkkk! so i just told her no flat out no and i told her i am sorry and walked away.  yeah definitly felt like the biggest asshole in the world.  i hate hurting people and this isn't the first time that this has happened and this isn't the first time that i have crushed someone's self esteem.  i hate letting people down but i rreally didn't know what to do.  and  i apologize to all whom i have hurt keeping my secret concealed. 
(17 comments |comment on this)wednesday, june 28th, 20067:11 pm
 i feel so pathetic just sitting, waiting, and wishing that someone would come along.  i see everyone around me that is my age and they already already have someone to love.  i usually say that waiting for the perfect guy is preparing my heart for him.  today my attitude is totally different righ tnow i say fuck that.  i'm tired of waiting.  i've never dated anyone in my life( well any guy and yes i did date a few girls) the farthest i've ever gotten with a guy is making out with him when i was completly drunk and now he says that he is completely straight ( yeah and i'm completely stright also hahahah).  i don't think that i'm asking that much.  all i want is someone to go to sleep with and wake up to in the morning, go to the movies with, suprise him with a very thoughtful gift just because i want to show him how much i appreciate finding him.  pueblo, colorado sucks in that there are no gay guys that arn't either flamers, or confused about their sexuality or maybe my favorite theory is that they are playing this version of hide and go seek that is really pissing me off.  well enough of this pity party.  tiredo of being lonely in lifenick 
(7 comments |comment on this)sunday, march 5th, 20069:22 pm
 well i haven't written in this for a while, sorry!  but i need some help i'm so tired of being lonely.  there is this guy in one of the college classes that i take.  i think that he is gay but i'm not really 100% sure.  i talk to him every time we have that class and every time i increase the probability that he is gay.  i'm so aggravated with being lonely that today i was planning to very suttly ask him out.  but like the story my life i puss'd out.  i kept on with the small talk and everyday normal conversation and i never even attempted to carry out my plan.  i got in my car and basically tore my self a new asshole ( people walking by must have thought that i was crazy).  i need to grow some balls!!!!!   i plan to just come straight out ( well not exactly not " straight out" haha) but i just plan to tell him like it is.  i'm tired of tippy toeing around the subject of being gay.  i plan to just tell him that i think that he is a pretty cool person and that i would like to do something with him outside the class room.  but i don't just want him to think that we're just friends.  but yet i don't want to be stuck out on a limp all by myself if he isn't gay.  what to do, what to do!  i really think that i just want to go for it.  just bluntly tell him how i feel.  but i can talk a big story now but when monday comes that's when i will show my true colors. current mood:  anxious
(3 comments |comment on this)thursday, january 19th, 20066:39 pm
 
this is my tater he's ten months old 
 
                                                   
(10 comments |comment on this)saturday, january 14th, 20069:19 pm
 
 
this is me playing ( halo, ssx, or some other videogame) 
(2 comments |comment on this)7:13 pm
  
 
                                  
(2 comments |comment on this)thursday, january 12th, 20066:16 pm
 i just wanted to ask a quick question about school dances.  do all gay guys hate them?they make me depressed, they make me realize just how alone i am.  when ever i go to them all i can think about is man kyle is looking good tonight  or damn look at that guy.  i would rather be at home taking a nice hot bath. so does any else share my hatred of school dances? 
(8 comments |comment on this)monday, january 9th, 20068:28 pm
 today i went over to my grandparents house to drop off my senior picture.  we talked for a while and in the conversation we brought up this gay man who lives up the street from them.  a month or so ago he broke up with his partner of ten years.  since the break up he has moved his mother in with him.  my grandparents claim that she has "rehabilitated" him back to "straightness."  this made me have like an inner chuckle! i told them politely that you can't "rehabilitate" a gay person into being a straight person.  i again told them of this study that i read about gay identical twins.  the twins were separated at birth to see if genes or the environment contributed to them being gay.  they found that it was the genes that determined that you are gay.  they went on and on about the bible says "this" and the bible says "that." and me being who i am and not wanting to let my point go i also went on and on in my argument.  i totally understand that they are completely ignorant or people who arn't like them.  your going to hell if your not a republican or a lutheran.  they are also very racist ( which totally pisses me off) and despise gay people.  i soon realized that i was becoming a little irate and decided that it was time to go.  i flashed them my un genuine smile ( the same smile that has gotten me out of speeding tickets) closed the door and unhinged my fake smile.  i walked to my car and let out an yell! i was just contemplating coming out to my family, and they really deterred me from doing that.  i'm still thinking about coming to a few but not all of the bigots in my family.  what is the best way to come out of the closet? should i come out to each individual person or all at once? 
(9 comments |comment on this)thursday, january 5th, 20062:29 pm
 so far today has been a pretty shitty day. to start it off i had to endure my second day back to school a.k.a. hell! then i had to go to the college book store to buy books for my dual enrollment. all i had to buy is two books you think they wouldn't cost more than 100.00 together. no, definitely had to pay 170.00 for two fucking books. now i'm broke and sitting here bitching about it to live journal. when i got home i decided to look ar these books to see if they were gold covered or something to see why they cost me so much. i started to read my logic book and holy shit am i scared now. it's entitled symbolic thought and besides that i can't understand tooo much about the book.
i've said good bye to the social scene at high school.  i no longer care i people think that i am gay, because i am.  although i am not going to blatently tell them that i am, because i still need to survive high school.  i find that i get through the day a lot happier and a lot easier with this mind set. current mood:  pleased
(2 comments |comment on this)tuesday, january 3rd, 20063:48 pm
 i'm what i consider an over analyzer.  i have to question, plan, and analyze every aspect of my life.  i knew what i wanted to do as a career when i was twelve and i knew what college i wanted to go to since i was fifteen.  sometimes it drives me nuts but all in all i love this quality about me.  i'm hardly ever unprepared and when i am, i fell totally lost and out of place.  if i don't have time to think through an event when i get to it inside i'm a nervous wreck.  this quality and being gay really don't mix, although i think that i got this quality from being gay.  they don't mix because i can't completely plan my life.  will i live in pueblo, colorado for the rest of my life? probably not because there isn't really a large gay community here.  but my family lives here and too many of them depend on me.  but i also need to put my self first and consider my own needs before others.  this is my roller coaster of thoughts.      i feel that i need to move so i can be who i am.  in pueblo there is only one gay bar and it's pretty trashy.  i need a place to live that fits me better.  but i also need to consider my career.  there is no advertising jobs here.  in the end i always say where ever i get a job that's where i'll live. i guess until then i'll just drive myself nuts planning all the other aspects of my life.oh and today i went to work to put on some awnings on this guys house.  i go up to his door to tell him that i'm here and nobody answers.  so i knock on the door again and here he comes with his seventy something wife.  i talk to them for a little wile and i begin work.  i carry this one pretty heavy fiberglass awning and have him closes the gate behind me.  he follows behind me and says wow! that looks real good and smacks me on the ass.  i was pretty shocked and yet kind of weirded out because i just met this guy.  i set up my latter and began to hang the awning when here he comes again. i'm carrying this thing over my head just trying to position it right.  when he compliments the awning again and like high fives my ass.  i wasn't expecting this and out of reaction i kind of jumped.  i set my latter off balance and tried to catch my self, i succeeded in not falling down but i really messed up my shoulder.  i endured the pain and finished the job.  by the end of the job the seventy two year old man slapped my ass a total of five times.  this kind of grossed me out!  but now i can actually say i have had some man on man action.  it really wasn't what i expected! lol                                   -nick current mood:  chipper
(3 comments |comment on this)

[ << previous 20 ]





about livejournal.com































