




frightbytes virtual haunted house halloween ghost stories











 the villagers marked the time in two ways: before the swamp and after. what came before was good. and all that came after was not. if sounds do not start, please click on sound bar to start audio.

over all there hung a shadow and a fear;
a sense of mystery the spirit daunted,
and said as plain as a whisper in the ear,
"the place is haunted!"do you dare to walk among us?
serving up fright to the net...

byte
by
byte...


are you hungry for a little fright?haunting you since 1998.celebrating our 26th year online.







burnt offeringssalems marsh has been long forgotten, but there are many dark secrets buried here.do you dare uncover them?welcome to frightbytes.com, home of one of the first virtual haunts.see if you can survive the torturous twists and turns in our haunted domain.your decisions will determine your fate in our interactive horror stories.many have come before you.  sometimes in the quiet stillness of my tomb i can hear their screams....such delicious music to my ears.many of the stories are graphic novel text adventures where your decisions affect your fate.  some of the stories have multiple paths and different story endings. you are the "star" in the stories, either as a hero, or an unfortunate victim!  the stories are slowly roasted in evil thoughts and deeds with a heavy glaze of nutty madness and immersed with a side of fear.  everything is seasoned with mystery and sprinkled with goosebumps and cold chills.
now begin your journey and travel into the many haunted realms of salems marsh.farewell foolish mortalall your nightmares can be found below!choose your poison from the delicious horror filled menu below!







evil funthe oraclepumpkin personalitymaze nightmareshalloween gamescrypt of foolsfeedback
 the stories
the dead of night
the housesalems marsh asylumcarnival of terror
the betrayedzombie invasionthe hauntings 1the hauntings 2the haunted innpurgatorymy true ghost storiesthe lost journalfirst time victimsmay find this useful.it's like a frightbytesfor dummies guide.open here.

 horror graphicsscary animated gifsspooky smileysfrightening bobbleheads
 dark thingshorror quoteshalloween historysuperstitions & omenshaunted housesouija boardsgargoyleskeep out!spirit orbs




my evil toy room





escort you to top of page? (click)just play with bobblehead? (move cursor)enter bobblehead playroom? click here





frightbytes information & contact




summon the webmistress
copyright ramblings


horror links
send a fiend an invitation


about frightbytesfang mail
i'm dead and lonelylike us on facebook




 in memory of space dog 1997-christmas 2006 and josie 2007-2015the old crypt ain't never gonna be the same.sit, stay, haunt me - until we meet again old friends.....disclaimer: this is a haunted domain. remember, wherever you are in this haunted place hidden eyes are watching you.  the spooky webmistress is not responsible if a spirit entity chooses to follow you. you have been warned.happy hauntings
copyright © 1998-2025 (or until hell freezes over)
by m. buck, all rights reservedhaunting you since 1998. frightbytes is a virtual haunt featuring horror entertainment set in various spooky virtual settings with scary images and spooky sounds. immersive halloween adventure for all ages and open year round. explore an evil haunted house, a sinister carnival of terror, experience horror filled nightmares in dead of night, enter a haunted asylum, fight zombies and explore a virtual haunted inn all with multiple paths and endings. spooky graphics and creepy scary sounds add to horror. you'll also find true ghost stories, horror quotes, superstitions and omens, an oracle (fortune teller), halloween history, mazes, spooky bobbleheads, information on ouija boards and hauntings, and more evil fun.














