









point reyes national seashore cottages, b&bs, inns & lodges - point reyes lodging

























































skip to content





point reyes lodging


					point reyes national seashore lodging				


menu
b&b inns
cottages
hotel
vacation rental
activities
 










 

















plan your perfect point reyes getaway














the best places to stay in point reyes
point reyes has so much to offer, from point reyes national seashore’s pristine beaches and hiking trails to a vibrant art community and famous farm-to-table food scene. the historic village of point reyes station is only a scenic hour’s drive north of san francisco and west of napa-sonoma wine country.
whether you’re a couple on a romantic weekend escape or a family with kids looking forward to a day on one of tomales bay’s beaches, you’ll find the perfect lodging options for a night, a long weekend or an extended stay.
the point reyes area offers a wide variety of bed and breakfast inns — from romantic luxury inns walking distance to restaurants to guest rooms on farms with panoramic views of west marin. perhaps you prefer the privacy and independence of a fully equipped cottage with all the comforts of home, or a waterfront resort hotel — you’ll find all these and more. point reyes lodging is the perfect starting point to plan your point reyes vacation.
point reyes lodging




















					groom's quarters point reyes lodging horse stables				





			groom’s quarters		



perched directly over the stables, the groom’s quarters is a unique vacation rental that provides comfortable and spacious accommodation for friends or family visiting point reyes with horses. more








					bed with slider door and wooden floors				





			bear valley cottage		



perfect for couples or families who want privacy and the comforts of home — this lovely two bedroom cottage is walking distance to the charming historic village center of olema and nearby trails. more










					living room with couch, table, fireplace and musical instruments				





			point reyes country inn		



a peaceful, stylish retreat set in four private acres of orchards and open space, point reyes country inn welcomes guests to spacious, beautifully furnished rooms, gourmet breakfasts and the tranquility of the west marin countryside. on-site horse boarding. more








					black heron inn point reyes				





			black heron inn		



an exceptionally peaceful inn set atop a bluff looking out over an iconic view of rolling grasslands, tomales bay and inverness ridge — guests come here for the spectacular view, privacy and deep serenity. more










					areal of tomales bay resort				





			tomales bay resort		



tomales bay resort is located directly on the shores of tomales bay. choose from rooms with fireplaces, kitchenettes, and water views. an active resort for all ages with onsite beaches, kayak rentals, boat launch, swimming pool, and restaurant. walk, boat, or bike to explore point reyes national seashore from your front door. more








					point reyes station inn bed and breakfast				





			point reyes station inn		



vaulted ceilings, in-room fireplaces, private balconies perched over a lush garden courtyard with views of black mountain — point reyes station inn bed & breakfast is a peaceful, romantic retreat just minutes from the heart of the village. dog friendly options. more










					pier, meadow, old boat and tomales bay				





			cottages on the bay		



two peaceful cottages located directly on the shores of tomales bay. located in the historic village of inverness, minutes from restaurants and point reyes national seashore, you’ll enjoy exceptional privacy, tranquility and unmatched views of the bay. more








					bed with end tables				





			point reyes vineyard inn		



a secluded mediterranean-style bed and breakfast in a quiet pastoral setting looking out on the inverness ridge and west marin’s beautiful rolling hills — you’ll love the vineyard views, serene koi pond and wine tasting room. more
















			inn at roundstone farm		



set on a peaceful ten acre farm in olema, you’ll love the spacious rooms with views and fireplaces, cooked breakfasts and panoramic views of mt. wittenberg, olema valley, inverness ridge and tomales bay.  more











explore point reyes

















					horseback riding point reyes national seashore				





			horseback riding		



with so much beauty to see in the point reyes national seashore why not cover some of it on horseback? you can rent a horse… more








					couple in field				





			top ten hiking trails		



a vast network of trails to choose from, year-round accessibility and breathtaking scenery make point reyes national seashore an ideal destination for nature lovers. whether… more








					kayaking point reyes national seashore and tomales bay				





			kayaking		



tomales bay — the most popular kayaking destination in the point reyes national seashore — is a 15-mile long, 6780-acre tidal water body and the… more








					point reyes national seashore peninsula				





			point reyes national seashore		



encompassing 100 square miles of coastal wilderness, the park offers 80 miles of pristine coastline and over 150 miles of hiking trails. the park is… more










					oysters at station house cafe point reyes				





			point reyes dining		



from oysters plucked fresh from tomales bay to local wine and cheese tastings, point reyes and the surrounding areas offer an unforgettable range of dining… more








					point reyes tule elk				





			nature & wildlife		



point reyes national seashore is famous for its abundant wildlife. visit the tule elk reserve, spot whales in their biannual migration or spy elephant seal… more








					biking point reyes				





			biking		



point reyes national seashore provides a variety of on and off-road biking opportunities in diverse habitats and terrains. explore trails through evergreen forests, coastal scrub,… more








					point reyes beaches				





			parks & beaches		



point reyes beaches are some of the most dramatic and beautiful in the country. you’ll find places to go walking swimming, kayaking, tidepooling, birdwatching, and… more











 








point reyes map | point reyes history | activities | bed & breakfast | cottages | hotels | vacation rentals©point reyes lodging association 	


 










