










home - lake retreat camp





















































  

















skip to content




























menu 
our ministry about us adelphia christian gap-year program church rental make a donation make a donation support us without even trying! employmentrental group info sleeping & meeting spaces activities food service retreat planning grounds map driving directions photo gallery request a quotefaq’s guest/camper faq’s parent faq’s group coordinator faq’sgap-year programwho is jesus?contact us








 







 





welcome to






lake retreat camp























rental info 
 
















facilities overview 
 
















activities 
 
















faq 
 



























lake retreat camp is a christ-centered ministry located just outside seattle, wa, along over 1,000 feet of stunning waterfront. we welcome groups of all sizes, from 10 to 400 guests, and are open year-round.
our mission is to serve christian churches and ministry organizations across the pacific northwest, providing a peaceful place to retreat, have fun, relax, and, most importantly, encounter jesus. we offer programs for all ages, from youth to adults, and are dedicated to creating a space where people can grow in faith and connection.






































"the heavens declare the glory of god; the skies proclaim the work of his hands."
- psalm 19:1







who is jesus?





















ministry highlight: adelphia christian gap-year program











the adelphia christian gap-year program, founded in 2011, offers students a unique opportunity to live on the beautiful lake retreat campus from october to september. during this year, students live in dorms, attend bible classes, work, eat, and worship together in community.
a gap year is a great way to set a strong foundation for life’s big decisions. what better way to begin adulthood than by grounding yourself in god’s word and seeking jesus' calling for your life?
one of the most unique aspects of our program is that students pay $0 in tuition and board. thanks to our work-study program, all costs are covered.
want to learn more about the adelphia christian gap-year program? click here.


































join us:
adelphia - gap year prgram (for college-age)
we're hiring!









support us:
make a donation
amazon smile
fred meyer rewards









connect:
facebook page
lr staff alumni facebook page
who is jesus - connect with us
 





















lake retreat video from lake retreat on vimeo.































 
our ministry about us adelphia christian gap-year program church rental make a donation make a donation support us without even trying! employmentrental group info sleeping & meeting spaces activities food service retreat planning grounds map driving directions photo gallery request a quotefaq’s guest/camper faq’s parent faq’s group coordinator faq’sgap-year programwho is jesus?contact us








 












© 2025 lake retreat camp
 | 
site by growthzone












get in touch!













425-432-4293 














27850 retreat-kanaskat rd seravensdale, wa 98051 














info@lakeretreat.org 














inquiry form 
























stay connected!




































 © 

 lake retreat camp.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top















