




world heritage site | for unesco world heritage travellers


 





























register
login





world heritage site
for world heritage travellers





world heritage site








                            login

                            sign up




                    the list
                    


                        the list

news

                            whs in the news

on the process

                            inscription year

                            new

                            in danger

                            delisted

                            perfect inscriptions

                            statistics per whc

                            statistics per country

other criteria

                            by country

                            by size

                            by category

                            by connection

                            by era and period


                            map




                        tentative


                            all tentative sites

on the process

                            upcoming nominations

                            bubbling under

                            in upstream process

                            pending

                            former
other criteria

                            by category


                            map




                        maps


                        inscribed sites

                        tentative sites

more maps

                            country maps

                            user maps

                            hotspot maps




                        community


                        our community

                        recently updated

                        counting your visits

                        community statistics

                        whs commandments

                        whs plaques project


                        the forum


                        mobile app

social media

                        whatsapp


                        recent reviews

                        whs least reviews

                        twhs least reviews


                        meetup 2024

                        meetup 2023

                        meetup 2020

                        meetup 2019

                        meetup 2018

                        meetup 2017

                        meetup 2016

                        meetup 2015




                    top lists

live rankings

                        best rated

                        most visitors whs

                        most visitors twhs

                        country ranking

                        tentative sites

community

                        most prolific

                        most visited sites

2015 community survey

                        top missing sites

                        most popular

                        most valuable




                    connections


                            all connections

                            connections per whs

timeline

                                grouped by era and period




                    about


                        about

                        blog

                        resources


                        contact

                        privacy statement













quick access
















1205
                    of 1223
                    whs have been reviewed by our community.
                


blog whs visits
whs #956: cidade velha
cidade velha is an easy, short excursion from santiago’s (and cabo verde’s) capital praia. a bay, a few cobbled streets, remains of portuguese fortifications and churches – you know what it looks like even before you have seen it. i tried a different approach for my visit and went for a guided hike through the ribeira grande valley. this way i also ticked one of the other activity boxes i had for cabo verde: “do a hike in the countryside” (as the archipelago is known as a hiker's paradise).

when you look at the official map of cidade velha whs, you’ll notice that not only the seaside town is included but also a much larger area inland. the boundaries of the core zone follow the canyon that was carved out by the river ribeira grande. this area is linked to a specific part of the site’s ouv: the “acclimatisation and dissemination of numerous plant species between the temperate and tropical zones”. the portuguese colonists experimented with various crops here in the 16th and 17th centuries, starting unsuccessfully with cereals but later finding out that plants from africa’s mainland (coconut) and latin america (maize) did well.
we started our hike in the village of calabaceira. from there, a marked trail leads down into the valley. the guided hike is labelled as “an easy and accessible path for every hiker” by the tour company, but the volcanic soil is rocky all the time and especially going down you have to stay concentrated so as not to slip. 
already at the start, we saw a troop of green monkeys (mammal migrants from west africa); the guide said that they always run away to a higher spot on the cliffs when they see humans on the path – and that is what they did when we passed as well. the views here at the beginning of the trail are stunning as you look into the evergreen valley with a great variation of trees. this is in stark contrast to the rest of the island, which is pretty barren in the dry months of winter. there’s a natural spring here that provides water all year for irrigation.

halfway down the ridge, we came across the first farms. nowadays most farmers live in praia and only come during the season to work the land (and return home in the evening). there’s a good variation in crops: two kinds of bananas, mangoes, papaya, tamarind, figs, and berries. the most popular plant however seems to be sugarcane, as it forms the main ingredient of the highly alcoholic drink grogue. 
in the valley, we followed the dry river bed (flat, but still a lot of stones!). here we stopped at a single huge baobab, said to be over 400 years old. cabo verde’s baobabs are linked to the visit of charles darwin to the island in 1873: his first real “taste” of tropical vegetation, and the longevity of baobabs got him thinking about the age of the earth. the specimen he saw apparently is no longer there, but this one must have been mature at the time and quite a sight as well. like darwin, we also saw several grey-headed kingfishers – it’s funny to encounter a species of this globally common bird family not near water, but behaving the same as always: sit still on a branch and wait until an insect crawls by.

after 4km of walking, which took us 2 hours, we arrived on the outskirts of the town of cidade velha. we found a simple distillery squeezing the juice out of the sugarcane to prepare it for being turned into grogue. sugarcane stalks also comprise the traditional material for the roofs of houses, as can be seen in the old street rua da banana. 
els - 16 february 2025
leave a comment


 

trang an3.00 gablabcebu philippines - 27-jan-25trang an, just two hours out of hanoi, seems a world away from it. i was equally excited to visit trang an as i was ha long bay when i planned our family vacation to vietnam in january 2025. on a long day trip from ha long, we climbed up hang mua, had a lunch of fried corn and goat stir fry among other local specialties, and took a boat tour of the trang an complex before catching the sunset at the ho dynasty citadel. i must say that a tour of the ninh binh area would definitely be a highlight for any trip to vietnam. it’s extremely scenic and enjoyable. but what about the whs that is trang an? read on 




the ancient waterfront towns in the south of yangtze river (t) philipp peterer switzerland - 03-feb-25i visited luzhi town as a short expedition during my day trip from shanghai to suzhou.
this town as well has everything the reviews of the other towns described. there are beautiful canals bordered by traditional houses, nice little bridges and a chinese garden in the center of the old town. there are several restaurants, shops and of course places that rent out traditional costumes. i visited the wansheng rice shop, some kind of agricultural museum. there is also a boat tour starting right next to the museum, but my otherwise so reliable alipay app did not work to book that one. all in all the town is very photogenic and very pleasant to visit. read on 




kew gardens3.00 andrew_kerr uk - 26-jan-25i know it's stating the obvious but.........don't go to kew gardens unless you're really interested in plants and gardening. i'm not and i have to be honest and say that i was a bit underwhelmed by the place and thought that the cost was too high.let me elaborate, there's a lot of open green spaces, i mean a lot, which may be green and natural but are not gardens. i think i expected something more akin to the chelsea flower show than hyde park hence my overall disappointment. i did enjoy the hot houses, kew palace and the pagoda (picture).ultimately though, i found it to be disappointing and not worth the entrance fee (currently £22) especially when there are some excellent parks to visit in london, for free. read on 




derzhprom (the state industry building) (t) chrisdorn germany - 31-jan-25i visited kharkiv in 2021, six months before the start of the... disaster.
at that time, i was not yet part of the unesco enthusiast community, so i had no idea that i was next to a nominee for inclusion in the world heritage site. but even then, i was impressed by the massiveness and grandeur of the building - a very unusual architecture for kharkiv.
outside, there is also a large fountain built into the sidewalk. in the hot summer of 2021, you could meet children and their parents there every day, who were cooling off in powerful jets of the fountain in their bathing suits. i was no exception. read on 




asante traditional buildings3.00 little lauren travels usa - 20-jan-25i booked a tour with a local company, ashanti african tours, to spend four days in ghana, visiting the forts and the asante traditional buildings as well as the akwasidae festival, a traditional asante festival that happens once every six weeks.  i was too focused on visas and anti-malarials and a snow storm to closely check the itinerary, which just had an afternoon visiting the site.  i was disappointed to learn that only the shrine at ejisu-besease had been included.  i asked that more be added and also visited adako-jackie, which is nearby.  i would be specific on any tour and say you want to visit multiple of the shrines.  although i usually have a 30% rule — e.g read on 



 community reviews.
						







getting started

 want to find out how many world heritage sites you have visited already?
do your count
or register!


 
whs in the news


himeji castle entrance fee to more than double for non-residents (2025.02.16)  

wildfire on remote french amsterdam island threatens wildlife and climate research station (2025.02.16)  

how hoh xil transforms from poaching hotspot to model for wildlife protection (2025.02.16)  

report documents devastation of ancient city of palmyra (2025.02.15)  

robotic exoskeletons help chinese tourists climb the country’s most punishing mountain, taishan (2025.02.14)  

jurassic coast charity to shut down (2025.02.09)  

revealing göbeklitepe: major upgrades to türkiye’s ancient wonder (2025.02.06)  

fountains abbey improvements to go ahead (2025.02.04)  

egyptologists raise ‘mismanagement’ concerns after worker seen hammering at great pyramid of giza (2025.02.04)  

australia tried to influence other countries and unesco to keep great barrier reef off in-danger list (2025.02.03)  


 news


 
latest forum posts

 taiwan wh status?
 whs in the news
 2027 whc
 2028 whc
 2025 whc
 connection suggestion
 aspiring to be on the t list!
 whs map - the data
 czech republic
 spain


 forum


 
new connections



whs hotspots
amman hotspot

ecology
megaherbs

ecology
bioluminescence 

ecology
over 100 mammal species

whs on other lists
european garden heritage network

ecology
savanna

individual people
james francis edward stuart

trivia
over 100,000 inhabitants

religion and belief
premonstratensians

art and architecture
made out of basaltic material


 connections







 

 whs 1997-2025        


















 


 







