






















homepage | mercy corps
































skip to main content











who we are

careers
research and resources
blog
press room




what we do

emergency response
youth
food and nutrition
technology
ventures
view all




where we work

africa
asia
europe
latin america
middle east




how to help

give monthly
make a donation
take a stand
send a card
partner with us
view all




search




mercy corps


search


donate 



















it looks like you are in europe. would you like to visit this page on our europe website?

yes please no thank you 









complete your [@amount] [@donation_type] gift to help change lives.


i'm ready not today 




















every second counts
help show families and communities in urgent need that our commitment endures in this time of uncertainty. make a monthly gift now to provide a lifeline for families pushed to the brink by crisis.


give now




we’re leading a global community of humanitarians  to create a future where everyone can prosper.



38m
people reached across the world in the last year




40+
countries where we work




5600+
team members




84%
of team members are from the countries where they work







featured stories























february 04, 2025


rebuilding in ukraine: displaced communities on the path to recovery



mercy corps provides a continuum of support to ukrainian families and small businesses by meeting urgent and ongoing needs.



 read more





















january 10, 2025


recovery and resilience: 20 years after the indian ocean tsunami 



through collaborations with communities, mercy corps is supporting locally led disaster preparedness in the wake of the 2004 earthquake and tsunami. 



 read more





















december 18, 2024


community connection: top 10 photos of 2024



our director of global photography shares the stories behind the photos highlighting participant stories and mercy corps’ work around the world.



 read more





















december 17, 2024


a new chapter begins for communities in syria 



after the fall of the syrian government, humanitarian needs remain at crisis levels.



 read more





















december 10, 2024


clean water brings peace between herders and farmers in nigeria



after years of tension, improved water access eases conflict between communities in adamawa state.



 read more





















october 28, 2024


how can individuals make a difference when challenges are so big?



at the close of a year defined by crisis, we’re focused on what we can do—together—to help communities across the globe shape a brighter future.



 read more






see more stories








from the press room




february 07, 2025
a family fleeing violence in eastern congo sees little hope as rebels grab more land

none of zawadi sifa’s seven children have known life without fear and the constant threat of violence.


 read more at the associated press






february 07, 2025
humanitarian lifeline in drc under threat: ingos call for urgent action



 read more




january 20, 2025
u.s. withdrawal from paris agreement puts world’s most vulnerable communities at greater risk



 read more





see more news













who we are
mercy corps is a global team of humanitarians working together on the front lines of crisis, disaster, poverty, and climate change to create a world where everyone can prosper. beyond delivering aid to meet urgent needs, we develop long-term solutions to make lasting change possible.

learn more











what we do
in over 40 countries, we work with local changemakers, global innovators, and people most affected by crises to help fragile communities break the cycle of poverty, rebuild after disaster, and forge new paths to prosperity in the face of injustice, instability, and climate change.

learn more








join us in building a more equitable world.

explore monthly giving






ellsworth culver abuse: mercy corps is committed to keeping you informed about the actions we are taking. read more ▸ 












who we are

careers
financials
ethics and policies
press room
contact us



how to help

give monthly
make a donation
take a stand
send a card
partner with us
include us in your will




facebook
twitter
instagram


stay connected
        







we will not share your data and you can unsubscribe at any time.
sign up thank you for signing up!





mercycorps efficiency rating





86


%





86% of our expenses funded program services over the last 5 years.
learn more





mercy corps is a 501(c)(3)
tax id # 91-1148123
privacy policy
manage cookies
explore our websites
copyright © 2025 mercy corps





















