


















proof of the pudding | atlanta catering & experience experts











































			three brand-new event venues are about to hit the scene in atlanta’s vibrant west midtown! view them and learn more						learn more. 

















menu


catering

premier catering

weddings
corporate
private events
holiday cookies


gourmet to go
southern crust
holiday catering
design and décor


venues
sports & entertainment

arenas & amphitheaters
yacht shows
collegiate stadiums
convention centers
cultural attractions
golf tournaments
racetracks


specialty operations

athletic dining
emergency management
georgia international horse park


about

our story
team
celebrating chef vagn
press
nonprofits
blog


careers
contact


order chastain













we bring people together 
we’re culinary innovators and event planning leaders with big ideas and even bigger hearts. for over 40+ years, our clients have trusted us to translate their customized visions and reinvent every space we step foot in. from buffets to centerpieces, your details are handled with deep attention and care. 
have a taste









whether serving 2 or 100k, proof of the pudding's proven 40 year track record will exceed expectations.








venues for every style and size event
your perfect space is waiting for you. state-of-the-art convention centers, sports arenas, historical sites, cultural landmarks and resorts. celebrate all your important moments in premier locations throughout the atlanta area. we’re fortunate to work with outstanding venue partners that reflect our values.
find your venue

1





ford pavilion & grand patio at zoo atlanta | photo credit: pwp studio






weddings inspired by you
it's your wedding and your vision. we start with the most important part—by getting to know you and listening closely to your day-of desires and budgetary needs. then we map out a plan together, answering all your questions along the way. from menu creation to staffing to table decor, our team will support you through all tough and meaningful decisions from start to finish.
learn more

2





photo credit: sara d harper photography






corporate events for quality driven professionals
your goals are our goals. we're interested in relationships. we understand the need to connect with your professional peers in a deeper way and create a message that conveys the amount of time and energy you put into your work.  for your next all-day meeting, holiday gathering corporate retreat or open house, we'll provide your event with exceptional food and service. 
learn more

3












private events to capture special moments
planning a celebration for someone or a group of people you care about isn't fun when you have to do it all by yourself. let us be your go-to planners who will make life ten times easier for you. our expert team will match the perfect themes, menus, floral art and everything you want to say in a truly intimate experience filled with genuine human expression.
learn more

4












food service management for large-scale events
convention center, amphitheater and stadium sized events operate successfully because of the coordination and planning that goes into them. with your team and our team combined we will put on some incredible shows. as leaders in providing quality concession food, we could connect you to the talent and resources you're looking for!
learn more

5





photo credit: pwp studio









we bring people together with our food
we’re culinary innovators and event planning leaders with big ideas and even bigger hearts. over the last 40 years, our clients have trusted us to translate their customized visions and reinvent every space we step foot in. from buffets to centerpieces, your details are handled with deep attention and care.
meet the team









we're proud to partner with leading organizations and receive top industry accolades


                








recipes, news & more
sign up for our newsletter



subscribe today











contact us

send us an email
view company directory
(404) 892-2359



thanks for your interest! we’re around  m–f 8:30am–5:00pm. we strive to respond to all inquiries within 24h.





find us






proof of the pudding
1175 chattahoochee ave nw, bldg a
atlanta, georgia 30318
(404) 892-2359
map it





need more proof?
we’d love to hear more about your goals!
get in touch with us






©2023・privacy・terms・accessibility statement • employee portal・site by nuphoriq





























