



va lawn greetings , va yard cards, virginia birthday signs, front yard friends yard greeting rentals. 


















email@frontyardfriends.com








…let front yard friends, a chesapeake virginia based lawn greeting company serving virginia beach, norfolk, portsmouth, suffolk, hampton area and moyock north carolina., help you celebrate a loved one's special day. whether it is a birthday, an anniversary, or a graduation, front yard friends can be displayed for any occasion. our "stealth flockers" will sneak out in the middle of the night and fill your chosen "victim's" front yard with your choice of critters and a large yard card displaying your personalized message.  staging the surprise for when the victim wakes up the next morning.  they will then return later that night to pick up everything.  if you'd like to leave it an extra day, you can do that too! (small fee applied for a second day) whatever the occasion, let front yard friends help you celebrate! give us a call at (757) 410-3369 to arrange for your front yard friends lawn greeting today!








"keep smiling, keep shining 
knowing you can always count on us, for sure
that's what front yard friends are for
for good times, for glad times
you'll remember our yards forever more
that's what front yard friends are for"








birthdays  anniversaries  graduations  birth announcements  weddings  mother's day  father's day  valentine's day  home coming  or any special occasion










home





yard
greetings






prices





about us





policies





copyright © 2005-2024 front yard friends co. 













storks






serving the virginia areas of chesapeake, virginia beach, norfolk, portsmouth, suffolk, hampton area and moyock north carolina.









757 410 3369
cell
757 339 7000


















need a custom cake
for your special occasion?
check out rachel's cakes
call front yard friends
to place your cake order.





































































































