












kosmic kabbalah art | david friedman 






      skip to main content
    


loading...



























        home
      



        artworks
          











letters  - 6
numbers  - 12
tree of life  - 10
landscapes  - 6
abstract  - 6
geometric  - 8
other  - 10
holy names  - 4














        artist
      



        teaching blog
      



        gallery lecture
      



        contact
      

 


 search
            







search













 cart (0)
            








kosmic kabbalah art

david friedman

see art
learn
coloring book
























what is kosmic kabbalah art?



more about 




the word 'cosmos' refers to the physical universe seen as an orderly harmonious whole.  the original greek word 'kosmos' however, refers to the whole of all existence - in all realms - physical, emotional, mental and spiritual. the hebrew word kabbalah refers to the ancient mystical teachings that describe the kosmos as an orderly harmonious whole.the teachings and much of the artwork presented on this site deal with kosmic themes that are based on the kabbalah:  infinity, eternity, kosmogeny, holy names, mandalas,  sacred geometry, fractals, and sefirotic maps of the kosmos (tree of life diagrams).


 all of the giclee prints on canvas as well as all the prints on paper are hand-signed.  the canvas prints can be stretched and framed without glass.  the paper prints should be framed with glass.there are some new pictures that are only now available as giclee prints on canvas.  to view them go to 'new works' under the 'artworks by subject' heading.







artworks



our gallery shop 






 

partners in creationthe sages of the talmud taught that there are 3 partners in the creation of every human being:  a father who gives the ‘white’ parts of the body; a mother who gives the ‘red’ parts; and god - who is present in the union of the two parents - and who gives us our consciousness, our 5 senses and our soul.  

this whole picture can be seen as just one figure, a grandfather סבא (associated with keter… more


 

psalms chapter onein this picture is the entire first chapter of the book of psalms. it begins in the center and continues counterclockwise outwards.  it is quite hard to read even for fluent hebrew speakers because the letters flow into each other.  it is inspired by the lettering found on 60's album covers and concert posters.

"fortunate is the man who does not walk in the counsel of the wicked,
nor stands in… more




 

quote from ‘the way of god’"the root of all religious observance and spiritual practice is for us to be constantly aware of god.  it should make us realize that we were created for the singular purpose of consciously experiencing the creator.  observance and practice should help us see that the only reason we were brought into the world is to use our spiritual powers to overcome our material attachments and limiting urges… more


 

kosmic knotsthis picture is influenced by the amazing art of m. c. escher.  this design is also reminiscent of celtic knots.  it is based on the sacred geometry expressed in the order of the 3 groups of the 22 hebrew letters - 3 mothers, 7 doubles and 12 simples - found in sefer yetzirah.

 





 

flower of lifethis picture uses the flower of life symbol that is part of sacred geometry.   a central circle is surrounded by 6 overlapping circles of the same size.  each circle has a 6-petaled 'flower' embedded in it, but the white flower in the central circle is dominant.  the same pattern is extended outward in all directions. i also used the flower of life motif in my picture 'psalm 107'. 



 

 the tree of lifelife is a dynamic process of balancing between hot and cold; activity and rest;  nature and nurture.  balancing between what we keep private and what we share with others; and between many other complementary pairs of opposites.  

the lower half of this picture shows the circular root system of this tree of life.  the 10 concentric roots and the seed relate to the tenth sefirah, kingship. it… more




 

meditating on the holy namethis drawing shows a woman sitting in meditation, visualizing her body as the tree of life diagram - the 10 sefirot - and the 4 letters yhvh, the holy name of god.  often called the one name, it points to the eternal existence.  yhvh means was, is, and will be.  this eternal name was revealed to moses by the burning bush in exodus 3:15.  in exodus 20:21 god said, "any place in which my name is… more


 

microkosmicthis pictures looks like something one might see under a microscope, thus the title - microkosmic.  to me it looks like cells that have a fractal nature - self-similar but in different sizes.  some of the cells also contain several smaller self-similar cells.  the round shapes also evoke a coronavirus, that is challenging our planet in 2020.






pagination




                current page
              1




                page
              2




                page
              3




                page
              4




                page
              5




                page
              6




                page
              7




                page
              8



next page
››




last page
last »













looking for gallery lectures in tzfat? lets talk












the artist david friedman





i immigrated to israel in 1977 at the age of 20, and spent two years studying torah in jerusalem, where i met my wife, miriam. we got married in 1979 and moved to zefat.in zefat, i mostly immersed myself in the study of the talmud and other classic texts of judaism as well as kabbalah, but i continued to make art at night. 
read david's story










latest teachings



all news in our blog 











sefer yetzirah


   | 15 november



since the ancient classic sefer yetzirah (book of creation) inspires much of the art that is shown on this site, i feel that is


read more








the third temple


   | 15 november


in the torah, god commanded the children of israel to build a tabernacle, a mishkan, a dwelling place for his presence, the shechinah.  god told moshe to


read more












stay informed with our newsletter









name











subscribe














  please trust us, we will never send you spam 






find us


call us
+972 54 2027832



address
38 bar-yochai street, safed, israel  



email
david@kosmic-kabbalah.com















open the map 
close the map 

















search


































© david friedmankosmic kabbalah artwebsite policies











+972 54 202783238 shim'on bar-yokhai street, safed, israel






















