





 gios cafe and deli – home style italian cuisine
gios cafe and deli – home style italian cuisine – our homemade italian foods with a sicilian touch will transport you to italy.


























































home
menu

gios menu
gios signature
catering menu
desserts menu


deli
about us

gios cafe and deli
testimonials
news


contact us
 




 (0) cart
                        



 my account
                        
































dining room now open regular hours: monday to thursday 10 am to 9 pm, and friday and saturday 10 am to 9:30 pm.                                                                online ordering, curbside pickup & no contact delivery available monday to saturday from 10 am until 8:30 pm.                                                 sundays available for private parties or large catering orders starting at 10 people.groceries are also available, give us a call at: (312) 225-6368 welcome to gio’s cafe & deli
a wonder little jewel in the heart of bridgeport in the southside of chicago. our homemade italian foods with a sicilian touch will transport you to italy. gio’s café deli is an informal place that will make you feel like you are at grandma’s kitchen with a very familiar atmosphere. every dish is made to order and you can add any ingredient that you prefer so you can enjoy a dish with your own touch.groceries available
fresh italian sausagemilkeggscanned goodsturano breadfrozen pastahomemade sauce (marinara, meat & vodka)dry pastadeli meats & cheeseemergency produce (limited items)



private parties
-minimum 40 people-maximum 50 people

gift cards
looking for a delicious gift?


business meetings
great food at a comfy place.

dine in
mon – thu 10 am to 9 pmfri & sat 10 am to 9:30 pm

catering also available
no worries, great food at a wonderful event!


carry out-delivery
the same flavor at the warmth of your home.
restaurant
deli
catering 




home
menu
deli
testimonials
about us
contact us
 





© 2010 gios cafe and catering

designed by swatware llc


back to top






















