






wmmic - wisconsin municipal mutual insurance company



























































skip to content












origami loginmember portal 























  


search for:








insurance productsgeneral liabilityworkers’ compensation excesscyber liabilitypropertyauto physical damagemember servicespartnership programtraining & guidanceprotective servicesour membersaboutour storydirectors & officerscontact 


search for:








insurance productsgeneral liabilityworkers’ compensation excesscyber liabilitypropertyauto physical damagemember servicespartnership programtraining & guidanceprotective servicesour membersaboutour storydirectors & officerscontactinsurance productsgeneral liabilityworkers’ compensation excesscyber liabilitypropertyauto physical damagemember servicespartnership programtraining & guidanceprotective servicesour membersaboutour storydirectors & officerscontact 
















member-focused insurance coverage, claims support, & loss control
for cities, counties, and special districts in wisconsin
insurance products claims management member services




protecting wisconsin’s public sector
our insurance experts have been serving wisconsin’s public sector since 1987. we are a member-owned organization founded by wisconsin cities and counties to provide reliable, customizable insurance products and support tailored to meet our members’ unique needs.
about wmmic
supporting our members with flexible, tailored insurance products
at wmmic, we have an in-depth understanding of the obstacles that public entities encounter every day. our team of experts work with our members to develop tailored coverage plans that cater to their individual needs.
our insurance products include:




general liability




excess workers compensation




cyber liability




auto physical damage




property
view all








exclusive member services
designed to improve outcomes
as your trusted insurance partner, we believe it is our duty to provide consultation, education, training, and other resources to help you in protecting your entity. we pair our wide variety of coverage options with services like:




claims support
our professional and responsive team will manage the entire process from start to finish.




loss control
to assist our members with identifying, managing, and preventing hazards and loss exposures.




training
covering topics like workzone safety, chainsaw safety, confined space, and excavation as well as protective services and human resources (hr). our programs are intended to be high impact and hands on to provide meaningful outcomes for our members.




protective services specialist
third party administrator (tpa) services including claims handling, state reporting, fraud detection, training, osha adherence, and more.




resources
with guidance on reporting liability claims, workers’ comp claims, and accessing detailed custom reports.




consultation
on everything from determining limits, risk management, and insurance solutions to effective safety measures.
view all services




the benefits of
wmmic membership
at wmmic, we provide a wide range of customizable insurance products, tailored support services, and a comprehensive and personalized approach to meet your needs.
as a member of wmmic, you have access to:

tailored insurance coverage
specialized insurance expertise for municipal entities
on-staff protective services specialist
training & resources to reduce risk
$15,000 in loss control support funds through our partnership program
expert claims management
legal guidance
real-time claims data
a custom member portal

interested in learning more?




“wmmic has always been a very responsive and forward-thinking company with a great mix of owner and staff expertise in the industry”.
brian massey | former finance director, outagamie county




meet our members
wmmic membership is comprised of three key entities:
0cities0counties0special districtsview all




“wmmic’s comprehensive understanding, detailed communication, and forward-looking mission provides security, guidance, and solutions to its members.”
bryan jostad | purchasing & insurance manager, la crosse county




ensuring best-in-class support & service
at wmmic, we believe in continuous improvement and strive to develop new and innovative service processes to better support our members. we actively work to surpass industry benchmarks and participate in organizations dedicated to improvement.
agrip compliant




national & state prima member
founding member of gem
founding member of mpic




 
 
access our member portalexplore member-specific information, resources, and support services at the touch of a button.
login
insurance
general liability
workers’ compensation
cyber liability
auto physical damage
property
services
partnership program
protective services
training & guidance
about
directors & officers
annual report
member login
contact
2418 crossroads drive
ste. 1500
madison, wi 53718
p: 608-246-3336
e: wmmic@wmmic.com 





©2023 wisconsin municipal mutual insurance company. all rights reserved. | website handcrafted by ocreative


 
 
page load link















go to top




