





home - hrm property solutions

















































view properties
service request





homeabout usour historyour teamcommercialcommercial propertiescommercial applicationmake payment onlineservice requestresidentialresidential propertiesresidential applicationmake payment onlineservice requestservicescontactcontact usservice request










property sales, leasing & management














find your ultimate space… commercial and residential leasing







    sales and management… of investment properties








easy online… application, service requests & payment








    historic and modern… building space available

















home

hrm strives to build lasting relationships
henselman realty & management was formed over 40 years ago in may 1982. our first office was located at 48 hawthorne in medford, oregon. scott a. henselman, cpm, is founder and principal broker. leesa a. henselman serves as the office manager. marino j. rossi, acom, is the leasing and management broker. in 2015, henselman realty & management became a limited liability corporation. read more

hrm is located in downtown medford in the historic goldy building at 107 east main street, suite 23, medford, oregon. hrm currently manages and provides leasing services for over 35 projects, most being commercial office spac, retail and services buildings. we hold the unique niche as the largest leasing and management firm of historic buildings located in downtown medford, many that have been restored to their original and period glory, providing upstairs office space, ground floor service space, restaurant space and retail space.
we also manage and are leasing agent for a number of garden office projects, providing class a to class c properties. some are located on east main street, while other are located on biddle road, barnett road, jackson street and crater lake avenue.  the properties provide office space and service suites, garden units, ample parking, great locations, high visibility, excellent exposure through location and design elements that have great signage.
the uses in these properties range from medical space, dental space, service space, office suites, clinic space, day spas, hair salons, and a large variety of general office space. users that have a need for high speed internet, access to fiber optic along with standard telecommunications access and cable users will find a variety of locations, designs, sizes and layouts for your use. we can also design, renovate, and remodel a suite or location to meet your needs. we have relationships, knowledge and skills that will provide the space you need now and the space that will serve your needs well into the future.
leases can be designed and secured that provide flexibility, options and services that will keep operating costs low and under your control.
if you want a full service space, a gross lease, a net lease or an nnn lease we can accommodate your needs. if, for some reason, we do not have a suite, office or space with the specifics you desire, we can search other real estate brokerage offices and/or point you to other qualified and knowledgeable brokers to assist you. henselman realty & management enjoys a good working relationship with brokers from all of the major commercial real estate organizations. serving your needs, whether tenant or owner, is what we do and we pride ourselves on doing it well.
in addition to management and leasing services, we also provide regular on-site inspections, property market analysis, lease analysis, capital improvement recommendations, vendor selections, preventive maintenance set up and procedures, along with having established preferred response with vendors, thereby getting the our tenants and owners quick service, above other owners or management companies.
just to name a few of our properties: the medical dental building, lazy creek office condominiums, biddle road and jackson street projects and the professional arts center. in our downtown medford city center, we manage the historic goldy building, the historic sparta building, the historic woolworth building, the historic warner-gore building, the historic davis-johnson building and the historic hoover-cooper building. these are in addition to a number of other downtown medford buildings and locations.
we also provide consulting and leasing services as the exclusive brokerage firm representing more than ten other downtown medford buildings and facilities in our core. we have represented the city of medford, jackson county, state of oregon, and many banks and other financial organizations. scott henselman has also served as the court appointed receiver for a number of shopping centers, strip malls, and office and residential projects in his career of over 45 years in medford.
so if you need to find commercial spaces, suites or locations, let us do the work. if you need an investment management firm to assist you in attaining you goals for a property or if you need consulting services, drop us a note, email or call; we are here to serve.
our motto since the very beginning has been: fairness, honesty, and representing our clients’ best interests… values that build lasting relationships.

show less


















commercialproperties







residentialproperties







hrm propertysolutions team















homeabout uscommercialresidentialservicescontact
© henselman realty & management llc. all rights reserved. site developed and hosted by rogue web works.  









homeabout usour historyour teamcommercialcommercial propertiescommercial applicationmake payment onlineservice requestresidentialresidential propertiesresidential applicationmake payment onlineservice requestservicescontactcontact usservice request


