































        
            
                luxury home exchange & vacation rentals
            
        

        
            
                
            
        

        | luxury home exchange, trade to travel
    


























        skip to main content
    


















where to?




property suggestions will appear as you type. use the up and down arrow keys to review suggestions and press enter to navigate to the selected property's page. for touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. 














remove bedroom

-



bedrooms


add bedroom

+



remove bathroom

-



bathrooms


add bathroom

+



remove guest

-



guests


add guest

+









property type

property types





region










advanced options



search










who we are 

points exchange & vacation rentals
our story
testimonials
newsletters
contact us



how we work 

luxury home exchange & vacation rentals
referral rewards
why trade to travel?



properties 

trade availabilities
search properties
hotel exchange
properties for sale
for charities
fractional properties



login


















tintswalo atlantic




                                cape town, south africa
                            








la villa hotel




                                mombaruzzo, italy
                            








villa amalia




                                philipsburg, saint martin
                            








kapalua maui




                                maui, hawaii
                            








the palms private residences




                                playa flamingo, costa rica
                            








park hotel kenmare




                                kingdom of kerry, ireland
                            








one village place




                                northstar village, lake tahoe
                            








kurland hotel




                                plettenberg bay, south africa
                            








hotel st paul




                                paris, france
                            








the marcliffe hotel & spa




                                aberdeen, scotland
                            





previous



next






34
years ofexperience


$
0
membershipfee


explore
thousands of
luxuryproperties


∞
+
positive customertransactions









luxury home exchange& vacation rentalsspecial is our specialty!if you own a luxury vacation rental, vrbo, airbnb, or private vacation property and love to travel, membership in trade to travel (ttt) is an outstanding way to leverage your investment in your vacation property, maximizing roi and fun in ways no other company in the world makes possible.




become a member today!
learn more about membership






established 34 years ago, trade to travel (ttt) was the original vacation home exchange and the first luxury home exchange, boutique hotel exchange and non-reciprocal vacation property exchange using points.years before most people heard about the internet, we were arranging fabulous exchanges and exceptional vacation rentals around the globe for discerning members and celebrities like tommy lee jones and robert downey jr.we would love to show you the same star treatment.



create profiles for your luxury vacation rental properties, vrbos, airbnbs, etc. for free and pay no listing fee, no booking fee or commission for vacation rentals!the only time you pay us anything is when you would like to purchase points or use points to book stays in members' properties at 90% savings.see who we are for stories regarding our 34 year history and exciting future.






membership
to trade using ttt points, you must own a luxury vacation property.host at your convenience to receive points.use your points to enjoy fellow members' properties worldwide.each point represents $1 of rental value or rack rate. points = dollars.we charge no membership fee, no monthly fee or annual fee.points never expire.





messaging
our member messaging application puts you directly in touch with owners and managers of thousands of the world's finest vacation homes and villas, boutique hotels, resorts, spas, castles, chalets, chateaux, penthouses, private islands, yachts and megayachts available for exchange using points.you need to be a member to trade using points, you don't need to be a member to rent.





free trades
members may also use your ttt points to rent and purchase all sorts of properties, products, and services on our new daughter company, freetrades.com aka freetrademarketplace.com.members of free trade marketplace may buy, sell, rent, swap, barter, trade and advertise everything locally or globally on our free ecommerce platform using points or popular payment methods.what would you like to advertise for free?




featured properties

<
>







new additions

<
>











this was a wonderful experience - my family had a great ski vacation. thanks to your staff for arranging it all!
what a perfect location for a lot of things... golf, baseball, shopping and art. we loved using the pool and the owners had everything in perfect shape. they were even gracious enough to have left a bottle of champagne for us. i am now ready to request a place in puerto vallarta, mexico early next year!
what sets trade to travel apart from other vacation exchange services is their dedication to making the best match between host and guest.



more testimonials














home


who we are


how we work


properties


login








sitemap


money-back guarantee


privacy policy









































© 2004- trade to travel incorporated.
v3.7





















