     peoria kia dealership phoenix metro | serving glendale                            


                                     today: 8:00am - 9:00pm               earnhardt peoria kia        sales 623-777-4278    service 623-748-5232  parts 623-748-0876       17431 n. 91st. avenue, peoria, az 85382  today: 8:00am - 9:00pm                                                      earnhardt peoria kia                call 623-777-4278   directions                 home   new   search inventory   no bull express - buy online   new kia suv inventory   new kia car inventory   kia electric vehicle inventory   new kia hybrid inventory   kelley blue book instant cash offer   video showcase page   schedule test drive   2025 kia k4     pre-owned   search inventory   no bull express - buy online   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   kia certified program   kelley blue book instant cash offer   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   buy your car back     ev/hybrid   ev/hybrid   ev/hybrid inventory   2024 kia ev9     model research   model research   model comparisons   schedule test drive   new kia carnival review   new carnival hybrid review   new kia ev9 review   new kia ev6 review   new kia forte review   new kia k4 review    new kia k5 review   new kia niro review   new kia rio review    new kia seltos review   new kia sportage review   new kia sorento review   new kia soul review   new kia telluride review     specials   specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   new kia specials   kia military rebate program     service & parts   service & parts   service department   schedule service   order parts   service staff   kia warranty   maintenance schedule   preventative maintenance   oil changes   express service   parts center   kia genuine parts   tire center   kia accessories    earnhardt auto glass     finance   finance department   payment calculator   protection plans   get pre-approved     about us   about us   earnhardt history   earnhardt local   hours & directions   peoria kia team   contact us   reviews and feedback   dealership gallery   arrowhead kia dealer   phoenix kia dealer   peoria p83 kia dealer   peoria az kia dealer   employment   careers   privacy policy   privacy requests   shop all models   how express works                     home   new   search inventory   no bull express - buy online   new kia suv inventory   new kia car inventory   kia electric vehicle inventory   new kia hybrid inventory   kelley blue book instant cash offer   video showcase page   schedule test drive   2025 kia k4     pre-owned   search inventory   no bull express - buy online   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   kia certified program   kelley blue book instant cash offer   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   buy your car back     ev/hybrid   ev/hybrid   ev/hybrid inventory   2024 kia ev9     model research   model research   model comparisons   schedule test drive   new kia carnival review   new carnival hybrid review   new kia ev9 review   new kia ev6 review   new kia forte review   new kia k4 review    new kia k5 review   new kia niro review   new kia rio review    new kia seltos review   new kia sportage review   new kia sorento review   new kia soul review   new kia telluride review     specials   specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   new kia specials   kia military rebate program     service & parts   service & parts   service department   schedule service   order parts   service staff   kia warranty   maintenance schedule   preventative maintenance   oil changes   express service   parts center   kia genuine parts   tire center   kia accessories    earnhardt auto glass     finance   finance department   payment calculator   protection plans   get pre-approved     about us   about us   earnhardt history   earnhardt local   hours & directions   peoria kia team   contact us   reviews and feedback   dealership gallery   arrowhead kia dealer   phoenix kia dealer   peoria p83 kia dealer   peoria az kia dealer   employment   careers   privacy policy   privacy requests   shop all models   how express works             









      vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new all used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       












 schedule service

 







 buy online

 








new inventory
search new











pre-owned inventory
search pre-owned





                        disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                                                                                                            search new inventory     search used inventory        



explore kia lineup
 see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.






soul





seltos





sportage





sportage hybrid





sportage plug-in hybrid





niro





niro ev





niro plug-in hybrid





sorento





sorento hybrid





carnival mpv





telluride





ev6





ev9





forte





k5





k4




explore all new inventory



     
     


2024 kia ev6
looks that can thrill.
built from the ground-up on our revolutionary electric platform, the kia ev6 inspires with a futuristic design, an available augmented reality head-up display, the spaciousness of a 5-passenger crossover, and up to 300 miles of targeted range on a single charge.
learn more







      




quality, affordability, peace of mind
when shopping for a used car, choosing kia certified pre-owned provides you with an impressive and reliable vehicle that enhances your lifestyle and fits your budget.




shop certified


       



earnhardt peoria kia dealership
serving the phoenix metro area
when you’re car shopping, it’s important to have really good options at a range of price points. that’s exactly what you’ll find at our peoria kia dealership in the phoenix metro area. 
offering the full kia lineup of suvs and cars, our staff is here to make your car-buying experience informative and enjoyable.
you’ll find a true variety of kia suv sizes, including the cool soul, the clever seltos, the athletic sportage, the multi-purpose sorento, and the award-winning kia telluride, our largest 3 row suv. plus you can choose from the k5 midsize sedan and the kia carnival minivan. for 2025 kia fortes have been replaced by the all-new kia k4 sedan. it's just another example of the way that this brand keeps upgrading and improving its best models.
kia vehicles have the range and value packaging to meet your exacting requirements. whether you need something for a tight budget or simply the best ride for your money, you’re sure to find the right fit at our local dealership located north of bell road on 91st ave., aka the peoria auto district.


     









kia electric vehicles and hybrids
the kia ev lineup is growing and growing. now you will find three choices in three sizes. along with its hybrids and plug in hybrids, kia piles on options you don’t find with other car brands.




today you can purchase a kia niro ev and enjoy a small suv with a good driving range to match its affordability. for something bigger, the kia ev6 is a perfectly sized suv that just happens to run on 100% electric power. even more remarkable, the kia ev9 is here to show you that a 3 row suv can be electrified, too. this electric suv has been named the 2024 north american utility vehicle of the year.
the kia niro hybrid and kia sportage hybrid offer more ways to save on fuel and still enjoy the best mobile lifestyle. offering electric ranges that cover your daily commute, the kia niro plug in hybrid and kia sportage plug in hybrid have hybrid fuel efficiency for longer trips. 








competitive financing
with the combined resources of kia financing and earnhardt no bull financing, a diverse range of financing solutions may be tailored to your unique credit history. to significantly streamline your new or used car shopping experience, get pre-approved.




your dream car is within reach, and we're here to make it happen. for those eyeing a new suv, kia financing extends remarkable offers that may align perfectly with your preferences. 
earnhardt kia dealership az also provides competitive offers from a variety of lenders to help new or used car shoppers find the right loan or lease. we will work with you to find the right monthly payments for your budget.
alternatively, if you have credit troubles, our no bull financing options provide competitive alternatives well worth exploring. 
learn more about financing options in today’s automotive marketplace.














certified pre-owned and used cars
at our local kia dealership, we take immense pride in upholding our reputation for offering high-quality pre-owned vehicles. we go the extra mile to ensure that our used cars meet stringent standards.




our certified pre-owned kia suvs and cars represent the best of our used car inventory, meeting the high expectations you'd rightfully have.
you can be sure that all of our used cars must pass inspection by our highly qualified service technicians before they're made available for sale. moreover, our commitment to providing top-notch pre owned vehicles extends to our relentless efforts to procure exceptional vehicles for our used car inventory.
if you are looking for a deal, stay vigilant while perusing our inventory, as we regularly feature outstanding deals that tend to sell quickly. when you come across a favorite, don't hesitate, as our used cars are in high demand.
the best way to truly get acquainted with any used car is to experience it firsthand. schedule a test drive.








kia repairs and maintenance
the earnhardt kia service center is a good partner for drivers in the phoenix az area. whether it’s keeping your air conditioning in good condition or tackling a major repair, our skilled technicians can handle your car repair needs. 




our cutting-edge service department regularly handles repairs and maintenance for all makes and models. it is staffed by knowledgeable mechanics, including kia certified technicians. they’ve got the tools, the expertise, and the high quality parts they need to do the job right every time. 
no matter what brand or style you drive, our service department can improve it through repairs and maintenance. schedule service.













    sales hours         monday 8:00am - 9:00pm     tuesday 8:00am - 9:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 9:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 9:00pm    friday 8:00am - 9:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 8:00pm    sunday 10:00am - 6:00pm         service hours         monday 7:00am - 6:00pm     tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 7:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed         parts hours         monday 7:00am - 6:00pm     tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 7:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed        

     



follow us on social media


                            



         warranties include 10-year/100,000-mile powertrain and 5-year/60,000-mile basic. all warranties and roadside assistance are limited. see retailer for warranty details.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | earnhardt peoria kia | 17431 n. 91st. avenue, peoria, az 85382 | sales: 623-777-4278 | www.kia.com            



















                      