








home - earthshaking music




































 














404-577-0707


staff
contact


 












about us
instruments
pro audio & recording
rentals
repairs
lessons
 





select page


  
 



 



 






















 








 








 








 










welcome to earthshaking music!







 we pride ourselves on our over-the-counter, face-to-face customer service.

stop by the store sometime and visit with us!







subscribe to my channel« prev1 / 12next »south river "t" style guitar | an earthshaking music exclusivemeinl cymbal tour 2017 | jazz at rick's | earthshaking musiceko rok vi demoamahi snail concert uke in spalted maple| earthshaking music presents...« prev1 / 12next »







find us!

earthshaking music
648 mcdonough blvd seatlanta, ga 30315directions
404-577-0707
monday-friday 11-7pmsaturday 10-7pmsunday 12-5pm
























earthshakingmusic
serving atlanta since 1994








hope everyone is having a wonderful holiday season






holiday discounts from 10% to 25% on select items 


 





hope everyone’s having a great holiday with frie






the boss just approved a drum department wide blac


 





what’s that? a pedal sale happening at earthshak






come down and throw coins in the hat to keep eb ki
 





alright gear hounds! the shop is loaded with the b


 





the drum department is stocked to the gills with s


 





piles of the best used & new guitars, basses, peda


 





the drum dept here at earthshaking is brimming ove


 





hey gang! we’re taking the 4th of july off so th






new shop merch hot off the press! we are all caugh






brand new dream gongs came in today! definitely co
 





thanks to senan (@got_thall) and his lush chords f
 





@earthquakerdev is in-store this saturday! 
pop by


 





hey gang! earthquaker devices will be with us this
 





the thacker campfire kit is in stock and a total b
 





another tasty shipment of istanbul agop cymbals ha


 





our repair turnaround time is currently the shorte






fun little restoration done in house on this japan


 


 


load more






 follow on instagram










 







earthshaking music - atlanta, ga    |   web development by aenoch design 

























