 







kayele's metric movers | full service moving and storage company












































































we measure success in customer smiles


menu


home
about us
contact us
our services

commercial moving
full service moves
residential services










 










call us now








ready to serve you








schedule your move
















common mistakes to avoid when moving cross country

2021-03-21
 | no comments
 | moving


 



people say experience is the best teacher. some even say you can’t enjoy success without enduring failure first. while this might be true, it’s not a notion you want to take to heart when moving.


mistakes when relocating can be costly, especially when traveling long distances. if it happens, you might have to pay extra on repairs, medical bills, or the general logistics costs (hiring movers, renting a truck, etc.). the point is, you can’t afford to mess up. 


knowing this, here are the top common mistakes to avoid when moving across the country. 


1. relocating without a plan


a move is a small word that comes with huge responsibilities. many people underestimate the logistics involved only to be overwhelmed by the requirements later on. avoid this at all costs. no matter how demanding or bothersome preparing a plan may seem, don’t skip this step. it will be worth it in the end.


planning your move includes preparing a budget, accounting for possible challenges, and creating an achievable timeline for your relocation. some people like to write down their objectives in a notebook, while others prefer to create checklists on their phones. it doesn’t matter what tracking method you choose as long as you have a concrete plan. stick with it.


2. trying to do everything yourself


you might be thinking, ‘duh, this is going to be another recommendation to hire movers.’ that’s right, and no one blames you for being skeptical. many people go the diy route to save money by taking matters into their own hands. although there’s nothing wrong with it, things can quickly spiral out of control during a move.


expect challenges that can hold you back, causing you considerable losses through delays and damages. it takes expertise and patience to lift large furniture and sensitive appliances or to pack sentimental items properly. your lack of experience might even cause accidents, and the trip to the hospital won’t be a cheap one.


as they say, ‘no man is an island.’ although it’s tempting to save as much as you can, a cross-country move is extensive. it’s best to let professionals handle the job since they’ve got the experience and necessary resources. quick note: make sure you work with an affordable cross country moving company to maximize your budget. try to get quotes from multiple movers so you can find a deal.


although there is nothing wrong with diy, it takes much longer than hiring professionals.


3. neglecting to do your research


if you’ve decided on a diy move, good luck! if you’ve realized that movers will improve your overall experience, good choice! however, here comes the point where another possible mistake looms around the corner. rogue movers and moving scams have always infested the moving industry. while they can’t be eradicated entirely, you could always avoid them. all it takes is to simply do your research. ask your potential movers for their usdot number, check their online reviews, evaluate their website, and reach out to the better business bureau to see if they have any complaints.


4. not downsizing enough


one typical mistake among first-time movers is relocating almost everything they own. either they don’t want to give up sentimental items or hang onto things they think they might need in a new space. but do you know what’s even more uneconomical? paying more for extra baggage. see, movers charge by the weight of the cargo and the volume of belongings they relocate. that said, there can end up being little difference between paying to move an item over purchasing a brand new one. so don’t shy away from purging your household inventory. sell things you barely use online, give them to neighbors, or donate them to charity—your call.


5. purchasing boxes and not labeling them


did you know? moving boxes is one of the biggest cost categories in which you can save during a move. however, most people ruin this opportunity by buying boxes from amazon or ebay. please don’t do that. you can easily get your hands on free moving boxes by asking neighbors and friends or speaking when the manager at your local liquor or grocery store. 


it’s also worth noting that labeling boxes is definitely worth your time. brush off the thoughts suggesting that it’ll be time-consuming and bothersome. labeled boxes help a lot to speed up your post-move process. doing so lets you unpack immediately so you can focus on more important aspects of settling down.


okay, so you’ve got boxes. but what good is it when you don’t know what’s in it!


6. choosing not to get insurance when you need it


if you don’t know yet, interstate moving companies are obliged to provide basic coverage on all your belongings. unfortunately, this insurance only covers about $0.60 per pound of item moved. suppose your movers lose or break your $1000 tv that weighs about 100 lbs.; they’ll only pay you $60 for it under typical moving insurance coverage. not cool, right? that’s why you should seriously consider paying extra for full-value protection if you own several expensive things. not only will it give you peace of mind, but it will also motivate your movers to focus and try their best to move everything safely. 


and that’s about it! now that you know what mistakes to avoid, there should be no reason for your move to fail.

read more »



                    tagged common mistakes moving, common moving mistakes, cross country moving, mistakes moving cross country, moving, moving mistakes 
leave a comment






six tips from professional movers to making packing easier

2021-02-18
 | no comments
 | moving


 


so you’re getting ready to move. tough, right? whether you’re attempting a diy move or hiring a moving company, packing is one of the few areas in which you can save money. instead of leaving the task to full-service movers, you can do it yourself, provided you have the time and patience. to make things […]
read more »



                    tagged moving tips 
leave a comment






what does a full service move include?

2021-02-08
 | no comments
 | moving


 


you may have planned your move for months or it could be something that came out of the blue. whichever the case is, it will likely cause you stress and put a strain on your wallet. fortunately, you can always hire full-service movers. these professionals will handle everything from packing your belongings to arranging them […]
read more »



                    tagged full service movers 
leave a comment






reasons to hire full service movers & packers for an upcoming move

2021-02-06
 | no comments
 | moving


 



are you facing an upcoming move? debating between saving money and doing everything yourself or hiring full-service movers? 


professional movers exist to make your transition to a new home or office easier. if you’re not convinced that you need to hire a full-service moving company for your upcoming move, this quick read might change your mind. here are some reasons you should consider hiring full-service movers for an upcoming move.


to obtain peace of mind


admit it. you’ve got a mountain of concerns regarding your move. where do i start? how can i make sure that my belongings arrive safely? what if some of the expensive appliances get damaged? and so on.


hiring movers quickly eliminates these issues. with plenty of experience, they know their way around the moving process and can make sure that each of your possessions comes home intact. additionally, when you hire a full-service mover, they do all the packing, which means their insurance covers any loss or damage to your items. 


experience


practice makes perfect. movers are good at what they do the same way a pianist that plays every day is proficient at reading and playing music. if you plan to relocate independently, there are plenty of aspects that will be new to you. there’s no guarantee that you can pull each off without problems. on the other hand, moving companies with years of experience will do the job exceptionally if not perfectly. their training allows them to pack your items fast without compromising the integrity of the packing job. for a pro mover, tasks like disconnecting and transporting appliances, taking apart bed frames, or boxing invaluable china are things they do every day. 


movers know exactly what they are doing. they have done the same tasks hundreds of times. 


safety


what do you think will happen if you suddenly start carrying heavy stuff? right. your back won’t like it, or worse, you could fall down the stairs if you lose your balance. plus, lifting heavy beds or pianos can be extremely dangerous for amateurs. your feet could get crushed the moment your grip accidentally slips.


at the same time, safety isn’t only about you. it can also apply to your belongings. ceramics and glass can break if they’re not boxed up properly. large furniture can sustain dents when dropped. appliances may be rendered useless if they rattle during transit due to improper positioning. see, letting movers do the job saves you from future medical bills and/or repairs.


time-efficient


unless you’re in the relocation business yourself, you’re considered a moving amateur. this means you’ll have to stay in touch with google from time to time during a diy move. searching for how-to guides and tips & tricks takes time. that’s why moving on your own can take months to plan and days to execute.


however, movers significantly trim the time frame for the entire process. first of all, a single look or two at your home and they can come up with a pre-move plan the next day. couple this with their expertise, rigorous training, and efficient methods, and you’ll be sitting in your new living room before you know it.


cost-effective 


yep, you’ve read it right. you can save more by hiring movers than by diy moving. at first glance, there’s no doubt that moving by yourself is cheaper since you’ll be doing most of the labor. but if you look at the scenario from a broader perspective, it’s no different than hiring a moving company. how?



you’ll spend money on gas to gather packing supplies and materials. considering everything you have to purchase – boxes, bubble wrap, tape, packing paper, and more – the cost for moving supplies can quickly add up.
diy moves take longer to complete, causing you to miss more days from work. 
you still have to account for renting and fueling a moving vehicle. 
if you own unique items like art collections or pianos, you’ll have to buy special packing materials and equipment to transport these things safely.



full-service movers include everything from supplying the materials to providing the necessary tools to finish the move. they can help you save time and energy while investing your resources in other important aspects of the move.


special services


as you’ve read earlier, movers are capable of doing specialized services. need to move a pool table? they got it. do you own a precious wine collection? leave it to them. in a rush to relocate? last-minute moves are a piece of cake for experienced professionals. for an added price, you can trust them to do tasks that would normally be impossible for you to pull off.


full-service movers can handle any moving needs – even last-minute moves.


so, how to hire the best moving company?


although there’s an abundance of full service moving companies out there, only a select few can be truly considered exceptional. whether it’s about customer service, pricing, or added benefits, some movers do it better than others. 


adequate research holds the secret to working with the best movers in the industry. check the reviews. look at their online presence. ask for referrals. it might seem like a lot of work but remember that all of these are meant to provide you the smoothest moving experience. in the end, you’ll be happy you’re working with a reputable, reliable full-service mover.

read more »



                    tagged full service moving 
leave a comment



 

quick search







recent posts


common mistakes to avoid when moving cross country


six tips from professional movers to making packing easier


what does a full service move include?


reasons to hire full service movers & packers for an upcoming move


find apartments

need storage unit?










                    		copyright © 2025. kayele's metric movers. all rights reserved.
privacy terms











