






trusted california long-distance movers | affordable furniture moving














































skip to content













toggle navigation











home
about us
get in touch
 










beacon harbor moverstrusted california long-distance movers | quality affordable moving






10 of the best hacks for conquering your cross-country furniture move



beaconha 



				05/08/2018			

				no comments			











whether you are packing your own storage van and hauling all your things across the country by yourself or hiring movers to move it for you, you will most likely still need to pack up all of your own things. here are nine great hacks to help you conquer your cross-country move.
1. pack a suitcase and put it in your car
if you are traveling cross country, there is a good chance you will be staying the night somewhere. also, you will most likely want to take a shower the first night you are in your new home. packing a suitcase before you pack anything else, will ensure you have everything you need and your items don’t get packed away.
2. use clothing and linens as packing materials
buying packing materials can get expensive, and you have to move all of your clothing and linens anyway, so why not use them instead. t-shirts, towels, sheets, and socks all make great cushioning for all of your most valuable possessions. best of all, there is no waste when you arrive!
3. pack the things you will need first in clear tubs
as soon as you arrive, there are things you will want to unpack first. if you pack those things in clear tubs, not only will they stand out from all of the rest of your belongings, but you can quickly and easily see what is in each one.
4. inventory all boxes on a master list
while it may be a pain to create a master inventory list of what is in every box, your future self will thank you. not only will it help you find things quickly and easily, but it will also help you know what needs to be unpacked first and what can go in a storage area to be unpacked at a later date.
5. use colored tape to sort boxes
while labeling your boxes according to the room they belong in is great, colored tape is even better, especially if you are using movers. movers can quickly and easily put all the boxes with the same colored tape in the rooms they belong in.
6. stack dishes vertically
when you stack dishes, the dishes on the bottom end up having a great deal of weight put on them by the dishes on top and can easily break. if you insert dishes into a box vertically instead, there is no weight placed on any of them.
7. pack hanging clothes in trash bags
instead of taking all of your hanging clothing off hangers, packing them and rehanging them, just wrap clothing in trash bags and move them hangars and all. you can also use twist ties on bundles of hangars to keep them all together.
8. how to move furniture
if you disassemble any furniture, interstate furniture movers recommend placing any nuts, bolts, screws or other hardware in a zip-top back and tape it to the furniture. here are some additional furniture moving tips:

how to move a couch the right way
7 cheapest ways to move furniture
how to store furniture in a storage unit

9. use plastic wrap on utensil trays or other trays
wrap plastic wrap around utensil trays or trays from the junk drawer or bathroom cabinets. then you don’t have to sort through it all when you arrive. just unwrap the plastic wrap, and you’re ready to rock.
10. wrap knives in oven mitts
oven mitts make a nice, thick, padded packing material for knives, so you don’t inadvertently cut yourself when unpacking them.




how to clean up after pets when moving out of your apartment



beaconha 



				05/04/2018			

				no comments			











moving out of an apartment can be stressful. on top of moving and packing all of your belongings, you need to ensure that the place is clean and damage free to get your security deposit back. if you have a pet, the cleaning process will be even more grueling, as pets can leave behind odd smells and messes that you may not notice until you’ve started moving around furniture. read on for some surefire ways to get rid of all traces of your pet from your apartment.
thoroughly clean the carpet
it’s obvious you’re going to need to vacuum your apartment before you leave, but if you have a pet, you need to clean much deeper. petfinder.com recommends renting a steam cleaner to deep clean your carpets. a steam cleaner will pick up finer hairs that are embedded in your carpet. these small hairs would be impossible for a vacuum to remove. steam cleaners can also help freshen up your carpet and remove any odors and messes your pet may have left behind.
get an air purifier
cheap movers san diego, discount movers san diego, says air purifiers help to remove pet dander and freshen the air in your home. they’re often priced very reasonably, and you can speed up the purifying process by opening your windows while the purifier is running.
use baking soda and vinegar
rent.com recommends using this combination of ingredients to remove any stains your pet may have left behind. and unless you’re very lucky, there are bound to be a few. while you should ideally use this technique as soon as the stain appears, it can be used on old stains as well. all you have to do is mix equal parts of vinegar and water. then, use a sponge or old cloth to soak your stains with the liquid and vacuum the carpet once the liquid dries. next, you’ll want to sprinkle baking soda over the stains. as the baking soda sits on the carpet, mix some peroxide and dish soap. apply this mixture over top of the baking soda and scrub the stained area with a brush. once the mixture has dried, you can vacuum it up.
ask for additional opinions
apartmentguide.com recommends getting a friend who doesn’t have a pet to inspect your apartment after you’ve finished cleaning it. people who don’t have pets aren’t as accustomed to their smells and hair. they may be able to give you a different perspective and help determine whether your apartment needs additional cleaning. plus, it’s always best to seek a second opinion, especially if your security deposit is on the line.
follow these tips, and it will be as if your pet never set foot in your apartment, and you’ll be ready to move on to your new place with your hefty security deposit in hand.




helpful tips for packing up your home before the movers arrive



beaconha 



				04/20/2018			

				no comments			











people relocate for some reasons, like the possibility of a better job or just to switch things up. no matter the reason, you need to get over the hump of moving all your belongings to a new home, which is what professional movers can do for you. still, everything needs to be packed, and the following tips will help with that.
1. have the necessary materials
there is no doubt that moving can be a bit stressful, which is why you should take steps to reduce that stress by packing early. the first thing you need to do is make sure that you have all the right materials. you are going to need things like the following:

corrugated boxes
telescope boxes for artwork
bubble wrap or foam pouches
tape, markers, and dividers

2. assign jobs for every person
as mentioned earlier, moving can be stressful, so it is a good idea to dissipate the tasks amongst your family. this is an effective way to reduce the stress you are feeling. a good way to separate jobs is by simply assigning each person to pack their room, but it should not end there. there are other rooms to deal with, so make sure that you assign teams to deal with the living room or the bathroom after individual rooms have been taken care of.
3. make sure furniture can fit through doorways
those who paid to have movers deal with the furniture probably do not have to worry about this step, but those who did not will have to make sure that all your furniture is ready to go. cheap movers (cheapmoverssantaclarita.com) recommends measuring your furniture, to see if it will easily pass through doorways and hallways. anything that does not pass through easily will have to be dissembled. this might take a second, so make sure you have enough time.
4. document everything as you pack
you probably have mover’s insurance, so make sure that you are photographing everything as you pack. this will help you know what you are leaving and what you should arrive with. it might be a good idea to create an inventory list as you pack all of your stuff or before you start. all you are doing is trying to be safe, just in case something happens during the move as unlikely as you might think that is.
5. call those favors in early
those with children who are too young to help or simply do not have the people-power to get this done quickly may need help. it is important that you call a babysitter, friend, or family member to take the kids while you pack. you should get help early, and confirm that they are still available to ensure everything is packed.
now, you know how to ensure that your belongings are ready by the time the movers get there. you can ask the movers for additional tips since these individuals have been doing this for some time and will have helpful suggestions. remember, the key is to start early, just in case hiccups spring up along the way.




tips for having a moving sale before your relocation



beaconha 



				04/12/2018			

				no comments			











if you’re ready to turn over a new leaf in your life and you’re moving, then there is no better way to start fresh by either having a garage/yard sale and or donating your belongings. moving is already stressful enough; selling and or donating some if not all of your items will help take somecontinue reading tips for having a moving sale before your relocation




best cities to live in when moving to california for the first time



beaconha 



				04/09/2018			

				no comments			











are you thinking about moving to california sometime soon? there are dozens and dozens of cities all up and down this massive state, so you might be looking for ways to narrow down where you’d like to live. here is a compilation of some of the best places in california to move to. fremont fremontcontinue reading best cities to live in when moving to california for the first time





search

search for:



follow and like us on

latest from the blog


10 of the best hacks for conquering your cross-country furniture move


how to clean up after pets when moving out of your apartment


helpful tips for packing up your home before the movers arrive


tips for having a moving sale before your relocation


best cities to live in when moving to california for the first time


store your things now 










secondary menu 

copyright © 2025. beacon harbor movers | privacy policy











