






mountain laurel montessori school




















































skip to content



 
facebookyoutube
    find out about our loyalty tuition credit system     phone: 540-636-4257                     make a donation 













menu


home
programs

beginnings
toddler
primary
elementary
middle school
extended day
summer camps


community

calendar
for parents
special events
partners in education


about

mission statement
faculty and staff
board of directors
employment
why montessori?


admissions

tuition and fees
applying to mlms
registration documents
facts tuition plan
transportation


giving
contact us
 















 





ideal learning environments for child development, adhering to the highest standards or montessori education.

























 


beginnings









 


toddler









 


primary









 


elementary









 


middle school

































monday, february 17 - no school - parent teacher conferences
march 24-28 - no school - spring break
april 17-20 - no school - easter break
april 25 art gallery opening
may 28 graduation


















in the classroom



























































we offer a community of possibilities














endless potential
meticulous care is taken to design and maintain our indoor and outdoor environments so that students can realize their fullest potential – socially, emotionally, and academically. children are supported in their own process of self-construction by adults who care.






ideal learning environments
our school provides ideal learning environments for each stage of development from infancy through adolescence. our campus is located on five wooded acres, allowing children daily opportunities to explore the natural world.






community of confidence and purpose
ours is a learning community where students thrive independently yet work cooperatively, empowered by a sense of confidence and purpose. staff and parents support and inspire each other forging lasting relationships that contribute to everyone’s success and happiness.






lifelong scholars
teachers and staff are deeply committed to education that guides children to become joyful, lifelong scholars and engaged, responsible citizens of the world.






























































































































































former mlms parent and current teacher shares valuable insights into what makes our school so special.














carrie irre 
primary teacher









“in a society that undervalues the arts in many educational settings, the arts are very much alive at mountain laurel. i won’t even say the arts are alive in montessori schools in general, because all montessori schools are not created equal. what i witness in our school warms my heart and convinces me why i sent my children to mountain laurel.”
continue reading »

















learning beyond the walls of the classroom











we encourage our students to interact with the world around them including their peers and teachers, as well as students in other classes and programs in the school. we connect them with the environment beyond the walls of our buildings and into the community that surrounds us. as the students grow and become aware of the world as an extended classroom, we encourage and facilitate observations and discoveries of surrounding counties, metropolitan cities and other states.
our campus includes many outdoor spaces for students of all ages spend their time.


























schedule a visit to experience our special community.
our staff will be happy to schedule a tour and a class observation. note that our school offers open enrollment. families can apply for admission any time of year.





schedule a tour






















our daughter was challenged to grow every day at mountain laurel. academically she learned at her own pace working independently, or with other students. from 16 months through age 14, the faculty members encouraged her to have confidence in herself. she has discovered what it is to truly love learning—what a foundation for life!  we were pleased to learn that she was fully prepared for high school academics when she transferred to a public school. —jock and pam owens 












 














(540) 636-4257
fax: (540) 636-4062
email: info@mlm-school.org
mail: p.o. box 102, front royal, va 22630
location: 155 biggs drive, front royal, va 22630














 
homeaboutadmissionscommunityprogramsschedule a visitcontact us
















© 2025 mountain laurel montessori school. all rights reserved.









 
scroll to top




























