









guitar hero live

































































united states
choose your region






united states






united kingdom






france






españa






italia






deutschland






australia






brasil






norge






suomi






日本語






简体中文






繁體中文






belgium français






한국






luxembourg




close menu





log in
my account


sign up
log out





toggle navigation










                            games

                        



                            online services

                        



                            support options

                        



                            my cases

                        





















rate our site



rate our site


please rate your satisfaction findinghelp on our website.
thanks for your feedback
















please choose one support offering that you think we could improve.








                              my cases
                          



                              navigation/search
                          



                              online services
                          



                              submitting a support ticket
                          



                              other (please explain)
                          











which item does this relate to?








                              i couldn’t add a comment or attach a file.
                          



                              i couldn't close my case.
                          



                              i couldn't find the case i was looking for.
                          



                              my cases is difficult to navigate.
                          



                              other (please explain)
                          











which item does this relate to?








                              it was difficult to find how to get help from a support agent.
                          



                              it was difficult to find an article related to my issue.
                          



                              i didn't get search results i was expecting.
                          



                              i couldn't find a solution to my issue.
                          



                              other (please explain)
                          











which item does this relate to?








                              the portal didn't have a feature i was looking for.
                          



                              the portal didn't display an outage i was experiencing.
                          



                              other (please explain)
                          











which item does this relate to?








                              the option to submit a support ticket was hard to find.
                          



                              the option to submit a support ticket wasn't available for my issue.
                          



                              submitting a support ticket had too many steps.
                          



                              i couldn't submit a ticket due to a technical error.
                          



                              other (please explain)
                          











other







privacy policy

255 character limit


 / 255













which game brought you to our website?








                              call of duty: black ops 6
                          



                              call of duty: modern warfare iii
                          



                              call of duty: warzone
                          



                              call of duty: warzone mobile
                          



                              call of duty: modern warfare ii
                          



                              call of duty: vanguard
                          



                              call of duty: black ops cold war
                          



                              call of duty: modern warfare
                          



                              call of duty: mobile
                          



                              tony hawk’s pro skater 1 + 2
                          



                              other
                          






























awesome! you have priority access

 
submit a ticket within support options, and our support experts will prioritize your case.

text us
email us








you have an open chat session in the queue
we’ve detected that you’re currently in a chat session. if you wish to continue, you’ll need to close your chat session before you can open a new case.
note: if you close your chat session, please wait at least five minutes for our systems to update and allow you to open a new case.

close



you have a chat session in progress
we’ve detected that you’re currently in a chat session. if you wish to continue, you’ll need to close your current chat session and then go to my cases and close your case before you can start a new chat session.
note: if you close your chat session, please wait at least five minutes for our systems to update and allow you to open a new case.


my cases




you have an open case.


you currently have an open case with us, and you may only have one support case open at a time. if you open a new case, your open case will be closed and you will be placed at the end of the queue. we recommend waiting for your current case to be resolved

continue
my cases


are you sure you want to close your case?


starting a new session will close your open case and place you in the back of the queue. you can always wait for your current ticket to be resolved.
start new session
my cases


your ticket has been closed.



close










enter your phone number below and an agent will get back to you via text message shortly.








* required field
all texts are automated, subject to activision’s sms terms, and consent is optional, not a condition of purchase or use of activision support or service. message and data rates may apply. by clicking submit, you agree to the sms terms and agree that activision may send you text messages at the above number about your customer service request. by checking the box, you also agree that activision may send you promotional texts at the above number.

 





get promotional texts at the above phone number









got it!
you’ll get a text from us shortly outlining next steps.





oops
our bad. we encountered a problem on our end. please try again later.








let us know your issue below and we'll get back to you via email as soon as possible.



game




call of duty: black ops 6


call of duty: modern warfare iii


call of duty: warzone mobile


call of duty: warzone


call of duty: modern warfare ii


call of duty: vanguard


call of duty: black ops cold war


call of duty: modern warfare 2 remastered


call of duty: modern warfare


call of duty: black ops 4


call of duty: wwii


other products






* all fields are required.










a response will be sent to the email in your account.change my email address





we got your email!
one of our agents will review your message and get back to you via email.
your case # is 





oops
our bad. we encountered a problem on our end. please try again later.


























해당 언어에서 사용할   수 없는 페이지

이 페이지는 해당 지역에서 제품 또는 서비스를 지원하지 않기 때문에 해당 언어로 사용할 수 없습니다.
페이지를 영어나 다른 언어로 보려면 '영어로 보기'를 선택하십시오. 이전 페이지로 돌아가려면 '취소'를 선택하십시오.




영어로 보기


취소











无法用本语言显示该页面

由于在该地区没有针对此产品或服务的支持，本语言不支持您选择的页面。
选择“切换为英语并继续”可查看英文页面，您也可以选择其他语言，或者点击取消返回上一页面。




切换为英语并继续


取消











頁面並不支援此語言

由於相關產品與服務並未支援該地區，你所選擇的頁面無法在此語言下開啟。
選擇在英文版中繼續檢視英文版頁面或是選擇另一種語言，或者選擇取消來返回上一頁。




在英文版中繼續


取消











ページはこの言語に対応していません 

お客様が選択したページはこの言語に対応しておりません。この言語が使用される地域では製品またはサービスがサポートされていません。

英語でページを閲覧するには「英語で続ける」を選択してください。他の言語を選択することも可能です。「キャンセル」を選択すれば前のページに戻ります。




英語で続ける


キャンセル



















 








guitar hero live


                        
                        
                        information about the sunset of the ghtv service











what brings you here?













                                            streaming guitar hero live gameplay
                                             - updated 11/22/2019
                                        
information about in-game streaming for guitar hero live





                                            advanced calibration for a guitar hero live controller
                                             - updated 11/22/2019
                                        
the article details the new ghl advanced calibration system





                                            guitar hero live controller issues
                                             - updated 06/10/2020
                                        
learn how to sync and calibrate the guitar hero live controller, as well as solve some other potential issues





                                            guitar hero live currency system and in-game purchases
                                             - updated 11/22/2019
                                        
frequently asked questions regarding in-game currency and purchasing things from the marketplace





                                            guitar hero live error messages
                                             - updated 11/22/2019
                                        
explanations of error codes and messages encountered in guitar hero live

















view all















activision.com



                                        about us
                                    



                                        careers
                                    



                                        press center
                                    



                                        ratings & resources
                                    



                                        investor relations
                                    



                                        news
                                    




support



                                        games
                                    



                                        support options
                                    



                                        game manuals
                                    



                                        software license agreements
                                    



                                        twitter
                                    




privacy



                                        legal
                                    



                                        terms of use
                                    



                                        privacy policy
                                    



                                        cookie policy
                                    



                                        esrb.org
                                    





















follow activision support









copyright 2025 activision publishing, inc.






















follow activision support









copyright 2025 activision publishing, inc.













the software license and service agreement will be updated. please follow this link [https://www.activision.com/legal/ap-eula] in order to see these changes.

×




privacy policy update 
we’ve updated our privacy policy. you can view the revised policy here. by continuing to use activision’s websites, products or services, you acknowledge this revised privacy policy.
×




