












foreign exchange | wells fargo























skip to content










  sign on 

 customer service 
 atms/locations 
 español 



search 
								opens a dialog.










  selected personal  
investing & wealth management
small business
commercial banking
corporate & investment banking






  navegó a una página que no está disponible en español en este momento. seleccione el enlace si desea ver otro contenido en español. página principal    comienzo de ventana emergente  esta página solo está disponible en inglés selecione cancele para permanecer en esta página o continúe para ver nuestra página principal en español. cancele continúe fin de ventana emergente 




personal
foreign exchange





				foreign exchange
			







						
						
						print
					










make the world a smaller place
from foreign currency exchange to international wire transfers, we can help













			traveling internationally or need to send an international wire transfer? wells fargo’s foreign exchange has got you covered.		
		


        foreign currency cash as you start your trip, having local currency on hand lets you easily cover immediate expenses without needing to hunt down a currency exchange office. on your return, we can often buy back unused foreign currency cash at a wells fargo branch. we offer more than 70 currencies available for use in over 100 countries.  note:  our branches no longer have foreign currency cash on-hand available for over-the-counter same-day purchase, and we no longer can take foreign currency cash orders over the phone.  wells fargo account holders can order foreign currency cash online, or at a branch, and have delivery within 2-7 business days. we do not buy back all currencies, and buy-back rates differ from rates for ordering cash. we do not buy back coins. foreign currency cash is intended for travel-related purposes only. wells fargo does not recommend foreign currency cash as an investment product.  order currency cash   view foreign currency faqs   see our travel tips  
        international wire services use our international wire transfer services to send and receive overseas payments. whether online, via the mobile app, or in-person at a branch, wells fargo offers a number of ways to send international wire transfers. sending an international wire transfer in foreign currency lets you lock in an exchange rate up front and know the exact amount of foreign currency being sent to the beneficiary. in addition to assisting you with sending foreign currency wires, wells fargo can also receive wires denominated in many foreign currencies.  sign on to get started   learn more about wells fargo online® wires   view our online wires supported countries (pdf)   review routing instructions for receiving foreign currency wires  




foreign checks
we also accept checks issued in a number of foreign countries and currencies. to speak with a representative about foreign checks, visit your local wells fargo branch or call 1-800-678-4653.






whether or not the wire transfer fee is waived, wells fargo makes money when we convert one currency to another currency for you. the exchange rate used when wells fargo converts one currency to another is set at our sole discretion, and it includes a markup. the markup is designed to compensate us for several considerations including, without limitation, costs incurred, market risks, and our desired return. the applicable exchange rate does not include, and is separate from, any applicable fees. the exchange rate wells fargo provides to you may be different from exchange rates you see elsewhere. different customers may receive different rates for transactions that are the same or similar. the applicable exchange rate may vary based on such factors including, but not limited to, currency pair, transaction size, payment channel and product type, such as foreign currency cash, checks, remittances, and wire transfers. foreign exchange markets are dynamic and rates fluctuate over time based on market conditions, liquidity, and risks. wells fargo is your arms-length counterparty on foreign exchange transactions. we may refuse to process any request for a foreign exchange transaction. incoming wire transfers received in a foreign currency for payment into your account will be converted into u.s. dollars using the applicable exchange rate without prior notice to you. for more information, see the “applicable exchange rate” and “incoming international wire transfer” sections of the deposit account agreement. fees may be charged by third parties or other banks, in addition to those described above.


qsr-06202026-7464298.1.1


lrc-0324
















privacy, cookies, security & legal


do not sell or share my personal information


notice of data collection


general terms of use


report fraud


sitemap


about wells fargo


careers


diversity and accessibility


home




© 1999 - 2025 wells fargo. nmlsr id 399801












