


 



backstagewrestling - wrestling behind the scenes








































backstagewrestling 
menu


home
 



 




backstagewrestling
wrestling behind the scenes





wwetnaindiemmaarticles 




the night vince mcmahon almost got beat up by frank shamrockhe following tale comes from a time when shamrock was working bodyguard duty for mickey rourke. check it: (via jericho’s autobiography, the best in the world: at what i have no idea.) the night before wrestlemania 25, the legends and … read morelearn morechael sonnen offered $5 million by wwechael sonnen “here’s the nuts and bolts of it: i was offered $5 million by [wwe promoter] vince mcmahon. now, i was still under contract with the ufc and i never took this to dana. i handled it on my … read morelearn moreformer wwe champion cm punk has signed with ufccm punk is headed to ufc. rumors have been flying for months that the former wwe champion and longtime mma entusiast (real name phil brooks) was eying a run in ufc, including a signing that was allegedly supposed to be … read morelearn morethe night vince mcmahon almost got beat up by frank shamrockchael sonnen offered $5 million by wweformer wwe champion cm punk has signed with ufc

wwe10 quick facts about: paul heyman1.he is a most notable villain on wwe programming, having managed five wwe world heavyweight champions (a record) including brock lesnar, kurt angle, rob van dam, big show, and cm punk, respectively. 2.by age 11, he was running a mail … read moretriple h “the ufc isn’t competition”final issue of wwe magazine in octobersheamus leprechaun wrestlingdaniel bryan subdues burglar with rear naked choke
tnamagnus ends britain’s 108 year wait for a wrestling world championlondon (monday december 23, 2013): tna impact wrestling star magnus has become the first ever brit to win the world heavyweight championship for a major american wrestling organisation, ending a wait of more than 108 years. magnus (former tv gladiator … read more10 quick facts about: mvpwwe studios and lionsgate to repartner on “action six-pack”hernandez quits tna
indie10 quick facts about: new jackhe is also known for having his theme song “natural born killaz” by ice cube and dr. dre the inspiration for his ring name came from the movie new jack city. he is known for his willingness to take dangerous … read morebuff bagwell  “calf implants”pinfall: a professional wrestling documentary

mmaken shamrock vs nasty boysfull story coming soon read more
articles10 quick facts about: bret hart1.the eighth child of wrestling patriarch stu hart 2.hart reflected on his father’s discipline, describing how stu inflicted excruciating submission holds while uttering morbid words to his teenage son. the suffering endured in these sessions even left broken blood vessels … read more10 quick facts about: shawn michaels10 quick facts about: steve austin10 quick facts about: vince mcmahon10 quick facts about: christian


 



advertisement 





recent posts


the night vince mcmahon almost got beat up by frank shamrock


chael sonnen offered $5 million by wwe


former wwe champion cm punk has signed with ufc


10 quick facts about: bret hart


10 quick facts about: shawn michaels


recent commentsarchives

december 2014
october 2014
september 2014
august 2014
july 2014
june 2014
may 2014

categories

articles

indie

mma

tna

wwe


 













		© 2025
			backstagewrestling


dawdesigninc


 top











