















kaysville, ut | official website









 















skip to main content






















 












search







 
 
 


    government      residents & visitors      business      how do i...  


 

 

 

 





 












 














parks & rec home








agendas, minutes& videos










 
 














employment








garbage & recycling










 
 














receive notifications








utility billing










 
 
 



 














community developmentbuilding permits, business licenses, engineering, planning and zoning and code enforcement.








fireemergency medical, ambulance service, fire, rescue, and hazardous material response










 
 














parks & recreationparks, recreation programs and activities, open spaces, cemetery, and buildings








policeproviding professional police services to the citizens of kaysville city










 
 














powersafely providing electricity with superior customer service








public worksdelivery and monitoring of culinary water, the collection and conveyance of stormwater, and the maintenance and reconstruction of roads in town 










 
 
 
























 














trending topics& popular services
 






  
 
 

 














subdivisions



municipal code



recreation newsletter registration







kaysville business support



gis & mapping



public notices







parking citations



"the hometown post" newsletter



davis code blue shelter information









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 




 














latest news & events


stay up to date with us
 






  
 
 















water update: addressing concerns about chlorine smell 


some residents have noticed a stronger chlorine smell in the water this past week. the weber basin water conservancy district (wbwcd) has adjusted its water treatment process in response to recent weather conditions affecting the weber basin watershed.						read on...







construction update- 200 north reconstruction and utilities project 


starting as early as jan. 24, 2025 traffic lanes on 200 n, from main st to fairfield rd, will be reduced to two westbound travel lanes on the north side of the road and one eastbound travel lane on the south side of the road to accommodate construction.						read on...







railroad quiet zone update 


efforts to reinstate the 49-mile quiet zone from ogden to salt lake city are actively ongoing. a waiver has been submitted to the fra, which is currently accepting public comments on the matter until march 17.						read on...







main street & mutton hollow road traffic light construction 


construction has begun at the intersection of main st. and mutton hollow for road widening and traffic light installation. this project will enhance the intersection and improve safety for all users. project completion is expected by fall 2025.						read on...







step back in time with clover club foods: a special exhibit at kaysville city hall 


explore the rich history of clover club foods at an exhibit hosted by the kaysville-fruit heights museum. whether you have memories of the factory or are curious about this local legacy, enjoy artifacts and stories through this exhibit.						read on...







200 north reconstruction and utilities project 


starting january 6, construction will begin on 200 north, from main street to the fruit heights border (country lane), to replace drinking water and sewer lines, install storm drains, add sidewalks where needed, repair concrete, and repave the roadway.						read on...







winter parking: november 1 - march 1 


from november 1 to march 1, between 12 a.m. and 6 a.m., parking is prohibited on city streets (city code 6-2b-4(8)). please keep streets clear for snowplows. citations will be issued regardless of snowfall. thank you for your cooperation!			






davis county code blue homeless shelter quick facts & updates 


learn about the county's requirements regarding homelessness and get updates on code blue temporary shelters.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 





 events
 meetings




 events











feb
17	


presidents' day holiday - city offices closed
			the city offices will be closed in observance of p...		
presidents' day holiday - city offices closedlearn more






feb
20	


cheap-scapes: yard renovation on a budget
			we want to help you plan for and achieve landscape...		
cheap-scapes: yard renovation on a budgetlearn more






feb
22	


proper pruning of ornamental trees and shrubs class
			pruning ornamental trees and shrubs is important t...		
proper pruning of ornamental trees and shrubs classlearn more




view all events




/calendar.aspx





 meetings











feb
17	


presidents' day holiday - city offices closed
			the city offices will be closed in observance of p...		
presidents' day holiday - city offices closedlearn more






feb
20	


city council meeting
			the city council will be available before the city...		
city council meetinglearn more






feb
27	


planning commission meeting

planning commission meetinglearn more




view all events




/calendar.aspx







 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







kaysville city corporation23 east center streetkaysville, ut 84037phone: 801.546.1235email us
 






  
 









   





 
 







helpful links







annual financial report



budget



property tax information



utility billing









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







using this site







contact us



accessibility



site map



credits



privacy policy



employee portal









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 



















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close





























arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









