


illinois' oldest and largest piano store, featuring new and used acoustic, digital pianos and computerized player pianos.




























 take a virtual tour of cordogan's pianoland!

			click to view it full-screen. 





buying a piano?
please click here for links to our piano inventories: 

new piano inventory

used piano inventory
please call 630.584.5000 for
			the current, best pricing and availability in your area.



"how much are pianos?"


buying tips


faq's about buying and selling a piano


grand pianos


vertical pianos


digital pianos


hybrid pianos


used steinways


piano bench inventory 


player pianos


important message to piano buyers


how to care for your piano   


how to find a piano teacher!



selling a piano?


enter information about your piano online!

moving a piano?


complete this online form

renting a piano? 

cordogan's rental program


servicing a piano? 


piano restoration


about cordogan's 


about us
directions
lessons at cordogan's
cordogan's & the community
cordogan's in the news
contact us
comments?
events




exclusively from cordogan's
downloadable player piano song library 
customer software upgrades

***

 




			hallet davis pianos:
			top-rated pianos in many styles and finishes!


			bohemia pianos:
handmade pianos from
			the czech republic


			 


knabe vertical and grand pianos  


buying a used piano?

get to know the bad guys first.
click on the "wanted" sign above




handcrafted estonia grand pianos


casio celviano digital pianos




















only cordogan's has almost 400 pianos in stock
						"it's worth the drive... or even a flight!"


america's #1 online piano consumer guide, written, hosted and maintained by:
						 
















(630) 584-5000
						33w441 route 38 / geneva, il 60134
click here for directions









open seven days a week!
**new store hours**
monday: 10-6 pm*
tuesday: by appointment only
wed-thurs: 10-6 pm*
friday: by appointment only
saturday: 10-5 pm* / sunday: 12-4 pm*
						we can also set up appointments outside our normal business hours. please call 630-584-5000 to set up an appointment!





*cordogan's store is located in kane county, the chicagoland county with the lowest sales tax! most areas are much higher -- up to 10.5%, so illinois customers can see real savings on a big purchase with our low 7% sales tax.





























pianos for the beginner.
						pianos for the professional. pianos for the experts.
						chicago pianos.com - cordogan's is illinois' largest piano store servicing chicago, milwaukee, rockford, northwest indiana, the usa and around the world.










chicagopianos.com isn't just for chicagoland! people from all over the usa and the world are comfortable buying from the "website that puts it all in writing!"

"i was naturally apprehensive about buying a used grand piano, several states away, over the internet. however, throughout the transaction (and including up through delivery) cordogan’s staff was at all times professional, patiently answering all of my questions. they even helped me arrange for an independent inspection of the instrument before i committed to the purchase. the end result is that we now have our 'dream piano' in our living room, purchased at a fair price. i can wholeheartedly recommend cordogan’s to others contemplating purchasing a piano....the piano technician’s inspection report on the piano you sold me was one word long: 'amazing!' (the pre-sale inspection report from the chicago technician was 'exquisite!')"

-missy in fayetteville, arkansas
"thank you for the prompt and through work on the purchase, delivery and follow-through of my piano. i am very impressed with your service. i hope you are as successful with your chicago store as you are with me."

-glenn in pueblo, co

						"i'd like to offer our sincere thanks for your time saturday. we very much enjoyed working with you and appreciate your candidness and honesty. we're thrilled with our purchase (so was my husband's mom, i might add, as you predicted) and are excitedly awaiting its arrival. we will certainly do business with you again and refer others to you should the occasion arise."

-nikki o. in cary, il
						 









in this website, you will find candid, valuable information to help consumers become educated on how to buy a piano or a digital piano. research before you buy!
if cordogan's can help you further, please e-mail, call, or if you're in chicago, stop in to our cordogan's pianoland showroom.
best wishes with your upcoming purchase!
-the chicagopianos.com/cordogan's staff











no part of this site may be published, broadcast, paraphrased, rewritten or redistributed
			in any form without prior written permission from chicagopianos.com/cordogans.
			please report problems to the webmaster at support@chicagopianos.com
©2024 cordogan's pianoland & chicagopianos.com
privacy policy 












