












home - tostan international


















































































 
























contact
subscribe
fr
  
 
 










about us

vision, mission & history
team

leadership team
board of directors
sister organizations


partners & donors
awards & recognition


programs

community empowerment program

program structure
modules

child protection
peace and security
reinforcement of parental practices
strengthening democracy and civic engagement
community development grants


maximizing impact
ensuring sustainability
special projects

prison project
covid-19 program




where we work

guinea
guinea-bissau
mali
nigeria
senegal
the gambia




areas of impact

education
health
environment
governance
economic empowerment
intersecting issues

community wellbeing
child protection
early childhood development
empowerment of women and girls
ending female genital cutting




training & sharing

the hearth summit thiès 2024
join us at the african regional wellbeing summit dakar – thiès 2023
tostan training center
community of practice for community well-being


resources

publications
evaluations & research
media center
however long the night


get involved

webinars
join our team
ways to give
campaigns & events


news & stories
 


select page


  
 



 



 













empowering communitiesto lead their own development
learn more








news and stories 
read the latest








join us at the hearth summit thiès
learn more








celebrating 50 years togetherbuilding for the next 50 years with a new generation of leaders
read more








in partnership for community well-beingtostan’s strategy 2023-2030
read more










tostan, an ngo established in 1991 and headquartered in dakar, senegal, works to empower rural and remote african communities to bring about positive social transformation and sustainable development through a holistic empowering education program. our human rights-based program has reached more than five million people across eight african countries. 










women’s empowerment


women have been selected for leadership positions in their communities, with many running for public office

learn more






health


people live in communities that publicly declared their intention to end female genital cutting

learn more






child marriage


communities have publicly declared that their daughters will not marry before the age of 18

learn more







the tostan model
our three-year, nonformal education program puts rural communities in charge of their own futures. we support our partner communities to define and fulfill their own vision for well-being, allowing them to create positive and lasting social transformation. our approach is:









human rights based
knowledge of human rights and responsibilities forms the foundation for learning





respectful & inclusive
information is shared in a non-judgmental and participatory way, using local languages




holistic & sustainable
the program has impact across multiple areas, with sustainability at its core





see how the tostan model works







sharing our model







tostan seeks to respond to ever-increasing demand for its model from a range of local and international partners by providing training and support. through programs organized at the tostan training center (ttc) in thiès, senegal, the organization offers training and support to traditional and religious leaders, local activists, government representatives, and ngo leaders.









news and stories













supporting communities amid the us funding freeze

feb 18, 2025 | 0 commentstostan stands in solidarity with communities and partner organizations affected by the us government funding freeze. while tostan’s programs remain unaffected, this freeze poses challenges to many critical initiatives in education, health, and economic development....
read more




in senegal, village by village, the long struggle against female genital cutting

feb 6, 2025 | 0 commentspublished by le monde afrique, january 31, 2025  author: célia cuordifede in 2024, dozens of villages officially abandoned female genital cutting (fgc), a practice banned since 1999. this achievement is the result of relentless awareness campaigns led by social...
read more




tostan announces sobel aziz ngom as new ceo

dec 23, 2024 | 0 commentsthiès, senegal- december 15, 2024 - tostan, a leading non-profit organization catalyzing community-led development in africa, is pleased to announce the appointment of sobel aziz ngom as its new chief executive officer. sobel aziz ngom will succeed elena bonometti,...
read more











join our network

















tweets by tostan 














sign up for our newsletter
be part of a movement ! subscribe to tostan’s newsletter to stay updated on transformative stories and achievements of our partners communities across africa. sign up here!





success!



first name



last name



email





sign up












 











about us
programs
get involved
news and stories

headquarters
tostan, quartier silmang route de tassette, 
thiès, senegal 
international@tostan.org



usa address
tostan
2300 n street nw   ste     501a
washington, dc 20037-1122
t. +1 (202) 540-8214





facebook





twitter





instagram





linkedin





youtube




 tostan is a 501(c)(3) organization with ein number 98-0118876

 




 



© 2022 tostan, all rights reserved | privacy policy
site by phil

 

 
 
 

















manage cookie consent






we use cookies to optimize our website and our service.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
preferences
save preferences
preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 




















































