






home - mount angel abbey



































































menu






monastery



mount angel institute


programs and events


audio & video




marketplace


monastery life


prayer schedule


livestreaming




vocations


history & tradition


abbot jeremy


talks & homilies


books


videos




oblates


notes to oblates


oblate statutes


oblate videos


oblates in memoriam




mass requests


art collection


iconography


news


blessed maria fortunata viti





seminary



student sign in


student resources


seminary news


livestream


history


alumni


admissions


seminary life


catalog & rule of life


faculty


contacts


governance & decision-making


consumer information


accreditation


make a gift





library



alvar aalto's library


aalto architecture


aalto furniture




illuminated manuscripts


special collections


student resources


user’s guide







guesthouse



make a retreat


retreat calendar




come for a day















brewery




join us



saint benedict festival


portraits of peace video


abbey bach festival


christian in the world


mount angel institute


pilgrimage to turkey


volunteer


employment





giving



renew campaign


make a gift


ways to give


planned giving


legacy society




abbey foundation


annual reports




development staff


abbot’s circle


mount angel letter





visit us



hours


walking tour map


monastery bells


abbey pipe organs


abbey museum


abbey bookstore & coffeehouse


contact us


office of child protection





view cart


open search















 







 

learn more






 

view






 

shop






 










benedictine peace & community | video from mount angel

spiritual resources at mount angel
 







abbot jeremy
books, homilies, & videos learn more









adoring christ in the eucharist
a 4-part series learn more









mount angel institute
at mount angel abbey learn more








monastery & church
the monks of mount angel abbey in oregon form a benedictine community founded in 1882 from the abbey of engelberg in switzerland. we maintain a monastic tradition that has been a vital part of the roman catholic church for more than 1,500 years. responding to god’s call to holiness and preferring nothing whatsoever to christ, we dedicate ourselves, under a rule and an abbot to a life of prayer and work. we strive to support one another in community, to serve god, the church, and the larger society. we do this as we celebrate the holy eucharist together, pray the liturgy of the hours five times daily in choir, and devote ourselves to reading and silence.
 







come pray with us
we welcome all to our sanctuary to join the monks in the ancient rhythm of monastic prayer and liturgy. learn more









what do monks do?
"if i am a monk, that means that i am just a man. i am searching, like we all do. this is true for me like it is for us all." learn more








saint benedict guesthouse & retreat center
the saint benedict guesthouse and retreat center is a place of prayer and peace. the founder of our monastic tradition, st. benedict, teaches us in the holy rule: “all guests are to be welcomed as christ.” it is in this spirit that abbot jeremy and all the monks of the community welcome you to our home.
 





come away to a quiet place and rest awhile.
mark 6:31














come as an individual
learn more









come as a group
learn more









come for the day
learn more






retreat calendar
learn more





mount angel seminary
since 1889, mount angel seminary has sent thousands of priests to serve more than 11 million catholics in nearly 100 dioceses and religious communities around the world. as the oldest seminary in the western united states, mount angel is the only seminary in the west that offers a college of liberal arts, a graduate school of theology, and a doctor of ministry degree program.
 





"preserve, lord, in your young priests the joy of going forth ... the joy of spending their lives fully for you."
pope francis







learn more





mount angel library
a collection of historic and modern literature in an architectural gem.
designed by the famous finnish architect, alvar aalto, the modernist-style mount angel abbey library is home to one of the most significant theological libraries in the pacific northwest. used by the entire abbey and seminary community, the library is also open to guests, scholars, and the general public.
 





"the monastic way shows culture the ingredients of any serious christian life."
abbot jeremy driscoll, o.s.b.







learn more











what is the rule of saint benedict?
not a set of rules, but rather wisdom for a way of life, love, and peace.
learn more









why do monks brew beer?
in the spirit of centuries-old monastic tradition, we brew for a higher purpose.
taste & believe











abbot jeremy’s videos, homilies, &books
learn more





upcoming events & festivals
join us





support mount angel abbey & seminary
support





the mission of mount angel abbey & seminary is grounded in the benedictine, roman catholic faith tradition that shapes our deepest values and way of life. we seek to foster an environment that honors and respects the inherent differences and gifts among our monks, students, faculty, employees, friends and guests. we cultivate a spirit of inclusiveness and respect for others that neither denies nor exaggerates differences.
we are called by the gospel to embrace the marginalized and break down the privileges that exclude those who are different or disadvantaged. guided by church teaching, we celebrate the “transcendent dignity of each human person” and we accept our common duty to make ourselves neighbors to others and actively serve them (catechism of the catholic church, iii.3.1).









						        ©mount angel abbey, 1 abbey drive, saint benedict, oregon 97373 |
						        503.845.3030 |
						        info@mtangel.edu





 


 


 




 










