









yacht restoration, repairs and maintenance | desty marine








































































































 

















home
about desty
what we do

refit
repair
custom refinishing
mobile repair work
insurance repairs


gallery
projects
blog
contact us
search




menu


menu

 






yacht repairs & refitsthe complete service.
show mepreviousnext123

about destyget to know us better.

desty marine offer the complete service, with four generations of experience behind us, not only to the private yacht and powerboat owner but also to the world’s leading yacht and powerboat manufacturers and the marine insurance industry. desty marine is approved by companies such as sunseeker, j-boats and sealine to name only a few, and is recommended as one of the leading insurance repair centres by marine insurance companies and surveyors. based at hamble point marina our state of the art facilities include a main work shop of over 10,000 sq ft, a purpose built 120 ft spray booth fully heated with extraction system, and a separate 3,000 sq ft joinery workshop.

our location and facilities and our experienced staff enable us to offer a complete and bespoke service to our customers, from small repairs to major refits on a range of craft from traditional carvel wooden boats to carbon and nomex vessels.

owned and run by father and son team neil and rob desty,supported by a strong experienced team of grp technicians,paint technicians, joiners, ship rights, engineers and customer service staff, desty marine can offer an efficient, friendly, and professional service. we welcome any owner involvement in the repair process, and owners are encouraged to work in partnership with us and visit their vessel at any time during the repair or refit process.


the market leadersapproved by companies such as sunseeker, j-boats and sealine to name only a few

award winningtrained staffunrivalled experiencefacilities
projectssee what we can do.








 



t-bone impact damage 



keel grounding 



bowsprit filling, fairing and painting 



transom repairpage 1 of 3123


view more

our clients say it all




gallery



   

destymarine hamble point
school lane
hamble so31 4jd
find us on











desty marine international endeavour quay
mumby road, gosport
hampshire po12 1ah

contact info@destymarine.com
tel 023 8045 7776
m. 07876 562319








© copyright - desty marine | yacht repairs & refits | html sitemap | xml sitemap | cookie policy | privacy policy | terms and conditions






























































scroll to top


