









compost diaper service with home delivery in the bay area - tiny tots

































tiny tots
diaper service
shop online
contact us
my tiny tots





compost diaper service

prices & diapers
what is it?
home delivery
faq
free sample
sign up





give the gift of diaper service






tiny totsdiaper service
get home delivery and pickup of your babies diapers. the diapers are then safely composted and turned into dirt. diapers are one of the largest fillers in a landfill, let’s work to reduce that!
we deliver compostable diapers to your home, then the following week we pick up the soiled diapers and deliver fresh diapers. the dirty diapers are then safely composted. it's pretty sweet.
serving the bay area since 1955. our longtime goal has been helping parents eliminate their diapers from local landfills. composting helps save the planet, and every diaper counts.
sign up for diaper service
free diaper sample
what is diaper service?
see where we deliver
gift diaper service






sign up for diaper service




how diaper service works
after you sign up for diaper service, the cycle shown below will begin. we can deliver your first order of diapers and accessories before your baby has been born, that way you're ready from the first moments.


step 1
your products are delivered.
every week, your diapers and accessories are delivered. a standing order can be setup so you always have clean diapers.




step 2
we pick up the dirty diapers, and leave you fresh clean diapers.
diapers can generate lots of trash, but when it is composted, all of it skips your trash can. even our wipes and bags are compostable!




step 3
the dirty stuff is composted.
these diapers, wipes and bags are composted into municipal solid waste compost which is used for landscaping filler for non-agricultural areas.







features and benefits
some of the cool things that set tiny tots apart.




full service, the tiny tots way
we do everything (from delivering to composting) associated with keeping the diapers clean and in your hands. all you have to care for is keeping your young one happy and healthy.





keeps diapers out of your trash and landfills
your dirty diapers never touch the landfill since they are composted, and the dirt created is used in non-agricultural areas. diapers are one of the largest contributors to the landfill system.







it's your choice
you have the choice in which compost diaper you want to use. we offer multiple choices of diapers that are compostable. learn more





weekly delivery (and pickups)
diapers are a large part of your family’s early years. having the diapers delivered and maintained can save you time, money and worry. see where we deliver







get your diapers before the baby
babies can come earlier than expected, but you can be prepared with a pre-birth delivery. they also don't wait to poop, so be ready from the get-go!





order products with free delivery
when you order products from our online store, you can get free delivery with your diapers. shop now









stay up to date!











tiny tots will never sell or give your information to any third-party, we promise! you can unsubscribe at any time. learn more







helpful info




sign up





most asked questions





pricing & sizes





testimonials





accessories & the b.y.o.





baby registry





where we deliver





pump & scale rentals





refer and earn $$$





pay your bill at mytinytots





add money to account








already using diaper service?




use myservice (part of mytinytots), to manage your account. change your weekly amount, skip a week for a vacation, and more.
log in
activate your online accountyour online account can be activated once you have been notified and regular deliveries have begun.











give the gift
diaper service makes a wonderful gift for those expecting a child.
learn about the ways to give






what is it?
learn why diaper service is so awesome when a new addition is welcomed to the family.
learn more






home delivery
diapers to your door in san francisco, oakland, san jose, cupertino, palo alto, walnut creek, santa cruz and more.
learn more






registry
simplify the process of getting and giving diaper service with our free online baby registry.
learn more










diaper service home






diaper service resources
sign up for diaper service




prices & sizescheck out our current price list. plus information about our different diaper sizes.
free compost diaper sampleget it. touch it. feel it.
parents on tiny totssee what our customers have to say!
refer & earnrefer other parents and get credit.
reusable cotton clothswhere our diapers go to retire. purchase them to use anywhere!




where we deliverwe service san francisco, san mateo, santa clara, alameda, contra costa and santa cruz counties.
how diaper service worksfind out more.
accessories & the byospecials for new customers.
give diaper servicemultiple ways you can gift to others.
buy a gift cardgive the gift of diaper service. can also be used for items for sale at our parent resource center.




frequently asked questionsfind out all the little details for our services.



redeem a gift card for diaper service
mytinytots + myservice
change your servicemove things around.
news and holiday delivery scheduleview service news and special delivery information.







find us around the web
facebook
instagram
twitter
yelp
youtube


subscribe to our email newsletter


about us
serving the bay area since 1955. we are a family-owned small business that enjoys helping parents make healthy decisions for their young children and the earth.
learn more



contact us
start diaper service
shop online
gift cards
baby registries
feedback
site map
work for us




diaper service
sign up
mytinytots
online store account



© 1966–2025 tiny tots diaper service, inc.138 railway avenue, campbell, ca 95008408-866-2900policies
♲





