



home page

















































lawrence wray  author    bit of an eejit      cancer warrior"i didn't come this far, just come this far."


















































coming in october 2023



the little book of short stories.12 short stories to entertain.a five star experience of a lifetime.the trinket that couldn't be explained.bill and ben.valentine's surprise.no loose ends.splat (with special guest).the green goddess.the end of the line.an unexpected opportunity.a blast from the past.the claim.the briefcase.



























coming in november 2023marcus and emma's adventures in the big c



                                                    wow... where do i start?what a title?'marcus and emma's adventures in the big c'now that's a mouthful. 8 words, 33 letters without spaces or 41 with spaces.it's long.okay, so it's a novel about a guy called marcus and a girl called... emma. (yeah, you got that all on your own, didn't ya?) ...and, it's about cancer. (big c gave it away, didn't it?) ...and it's a comedy. what?      a comedy about cancer?      are you nuts? here's the thing.i started writing bald guy, big ears (working title) way back in 2002 in hospital with my first cancer.50,000ish words later, and itv decided to show a program that was so similar, i could have... well, you know.fast forward to 2022, and after i published cancerology, i found some of the old files during a clear-out.i started reading.i started laughing.i thought, 'hell yeah.'i started punching the air and declaring myself a god. (it's a writer thing, we all do it but usually don't admit to it)so... i pulled out all the pages and got stuck in, and....honestly, you're gonna love it.let's face it, it's not for those who like crime novels, or thrillers, or horror, but... if you're one of the millions who read the wonderful 'the fault in our stars' by john green, or 'me before you', by jojo moyes, then you're gonna like this.. sorry, did i forget to mention it might just make you shed a tear? my bad.

















































available now



putting it bluntly, if you have cancer, or know someone who has, this book will help.i've been told on 17 different occasions that i had cancer and been given a  limited time to live, non-hodgkin disease. stage 4. 4 times.bladder cancer. stage 2 & 3. 12 times.kidney cancer. stage 3. 1 time only and kidney removed.i've had cancer in my spleen, liver, heart, colon, lymphatic system, kidney, and bladder.there is no doubt about it. anyone starting treatment will make mistakes.  learn from the mistakes i made and make your journey easier. click on the picture to visit amazon.available in ebook, paperback, and large print paperback.








click here to visit the cancerology web site.



















stay up to date



if you would like to be kept up to date about new releases, just pop your email address in the box below and you're good to go.the maximum number of emails you can expect to receive in any twelve month period is six.i do not spam friends with irrelevant bs.if at any time you wish to unsubscribe, there are details at the bottom of every email i send.that's it. have a good one.





















your email



write anything in the box below.






send




















x




facebook




linkedin











cookie policy      privacy policy © lawrence wray 2023hi there, google. 7th september 2023





































