






fabric shade structures for sun protection at playgrounds, schools, pools, sports fields






























































































shade systems





1-800-609-6066
email us









products


specs & warranty


what's new

press releases

tradeshows


about us
faq
contact us










mega spans

multi-panel mega spans

squares & rectangles

hexagon & octagons

wraparound single cantilevers

monoslope cantilevers

single cantilevers

double cantilevers

t-cantilevers

arc cantilevers

'sails'

multi-level 'sails'

shade kites

single posts

single posts - double & quad

double posts

shade walks

tornado®

vehicle parking




















































                    complete park shading solutions

                
explore 'sails'
explore multi-level 'sails'
playground shading options






cool shade options for

                    pools and waterparks

                
explore pools & waterparks







                    multi-level framed sails

                    create a show stopping skyline!



                    explore multi-level sails

                






                    cool mega spans
                    keeps bocce ball players comfortable!


                    explore mega spans
                

                    explore multi-panel mega spans
                

                    explore large sports courts
                







                    imaginative 'sails'

                    for sun protection with style!

explore 'sails'
playground shading options







                    tornado®
makes a stunning architectural statement – day or night!



                    explore the tornado

                







                    sports fields

                    cool sports, cool spectators



                    sports shading options

                







                    cool shade for high volume parking

                    our cantilevered canopies avoid columns in traffic areas



                    explore parking solutions

                




<
















>



turn-n-slide™ video









                    our turn-n-slide™ video shows how to easily remove and re-attach your canopy!duration: 4:35



sails video









                    'sail' canopies attach and remove easily with our unique one point attachment system!duration: 3:09



factory tour video









                    see what goes into the design and fabrication of shade systems products.duration: 5:02



shade for playgrounds video









                    shade systems shade structures provide shade and u.v. protection for children on playgrounds.duration: 0:56








+

what can we shade for you?

playgrounds
pickleball courts
exercise courts
pools & waterparks
bleachers & dugouts
tennis, bocce, & shuffleboard
schools & outdoor classrooms
dog parks & pet boarding
seating & concessions
basketball & large courts
golf courses
walkways
stages & amphitheaters
vehicle parking
car washes
hotels, resorts, & restaurants










you can trust the most capable fabric shade manufacturer 
							shade systems™ provides complete design, engineering, manufacturing, and installation services for your vehicle protection project. headquartered at our 100,000 s.f. state-of-the-art plant in ocala, florida, we are the most capable manufacturer of quality american-made fabric shade products in the industry. let us show you how we can provide the best shade solutions for all your outdoor spaces. 
							 














the shade systems plant 
							 



1: state-of-the-art systems 
							our design staff works with state-of-the-art systems to develop the perfect shade solutions. 
							 


all manufacturing happens under one roof at our state-of-the-art ocala, florida plant. 
							
2: manufacturing 
							 


in the sewing department, fabric is measured and cut to order specifications. a team of skilled technicians double-row lock-stitches the coolnet™ shade fabric – creating the strongest canopies in the industry. 
							
3: sewing 
							 


in the machining area, a variety of parts which will go into assembling the connecting points of the shade product’s rafters, columns, and turn-n-slide™ mechanisms are precision fabricated to exacting standards. 
							4: machining 
							
 


machined parts and structural steel components are joined together to precision tolerances by certified welders using mig welding processes. 
							5: welding 
							
 


components are moved to the powder-coating department for a 7-step process which protects metals against corrosion and creates a brilliant colored finish. 
							
6: powder coating 
							 


finished parts arrive in the shipping department for final inspection, including assembly of the turn-n-slide™ mechanisms. 
							
7: assembly 
							 


all parts are carefully packaged and palletized before being loaded in trucks – using special long pallets made by shade systems to accommodate the longest parts being shipped. 
							8: shipping 
							
 





















slide title
slide description goes here.



previous
next


 











we pay attention to every detail of the manufacturing process, including packaging and shipping to ensure safe arrival of your order at your door. 
							 













why didn't the competition's shade survive hurricane irma?(click right arrow below to find out!)
 


they didn't have the turn-n-slide™ to remove... 
							
 


insist on the turn-n-slide™ to protect your investment! 
							
...and re-attach their canopy. 
							 











"being in florida, we must always be prepared for severe
storms. the shade systems turn-n-slide™ mechanism
made canopy removal easy as we prepped our sites in
anticipation of hurricane irma.the turn-n-slide™ mechanism
helped make our storm preparation and recovery efforts
as efficient as possible!" 
							– michael a. jones, cprp  
director of parks and recreation for the city of margate, fl. 
							 


"we have multiple parks and pools with shade systems canopies, and we have found the turn-n-slide™  mechanism that comes standard on them makes canopy  removal easy as we prepare for winter.  likewise, it’s fast and easy to put the canopies back on in time for the summer season. shade systems has saved us a great deal of time opening and closing parks and pools!" 
							– ed tynczuk, cprp
superintendent of parks & planning at palatine park district (chicago area) 
							 


"in the last two years we have successfully removed the 16 shade systems fabric tops at our north myrtle beach sports park prior to hurricanes that were predicted to hit our area.  we were easily able to complete that task in five hours because of the turn-n-slide™ mechanism that comes on shade systems products.  reinstallation was about as easy and still able to be completed in less than a day." 
							– bernie lowepublic grounds crew leader | city of north myrtle beach | south carolina  
							 

our happy customers are saying... 
							







shade systems™ – manufacturer of outdoor fabric shade covers, sun shade structures, canopies, tents, commercial umbrellas, and shade shelters.
shade systems fabric shade structures, covers, tents, awnings, umbrellas, and shade canopies are perfect for playgrounds, pools, schools, and other outdoor spaces where people and children seek protection from the sun’s harmful u.v. (ultra violet) rays which have been shown to cause skin cancer.
our fabric shade structures and canopies are more affordable than traditional metal or wood shelters, and offer more versatility with attractive colors and virtually endless design possibilities. shade systems shade structures feature a sturdy hurricane-rated metal frame and code-compliant commercial strength fabrics. the remarkable coolnet™ fabric canopy on our products screens up to 99% of the sun’s ultraviolet rays, allowing children and adults to linger outdoors for extended periods of time safely.
shade systems can provide shade and sun protection over playground equipment, bleachers, concession areas, pool decks, parking lots, water parks, vehicle parking areas, and any other outdoor gathering places.
for the most imaginative architectural shade protection with endless design possibilities, look no further than our innovative fabric sail shade structures, which are also available with night lighting features.  our ‘sail’ systems feature a unique stainless steel one-point attachment system with concealed stainless steel tension cables for long life and low maintenance.
 










                request a catalog or assistance

            












    contact shade systems™ at 1-800-609-6066 to learn more about our shade solutions.







                about us

            


                faq

            


                legal notice

            


                privacy policy

            


                sitemap

            
google+



            copyright © 2024 shade systems inc. all rights reserved.

        





























☰




products
specs & warranty
press releases
tradeshows
about us
faq
contact us


 
























