

home | king's schools
















































































skip to contenti'm looking for ...search siteking's schoolsquality education with a visioni'm looking for ...search sitemenuschoolstranslatemenuschoolstranslateskip gallery your browser does not support videos. end of galleryrequest a toursupport king's schoolscontact usourschoolspreschool elementary schoolmiddle school why choose king's? excellenceking's schools provides an excellent education and excellent teachers. we seek to hire and keep the most passionate teachers in the business who share our commitment to excellence.


opportunitywe believe every child deserves a quality christian education and we go to great lengths to make that opportunity a reality for all of our students.  




 hopeour mission is to train the next generation of leaders. our students will be knocking on your door for a job...they will be the ones that will operate on you...build and fix your homes...and determine whether your children will be able to continue living in the land of the free and the home of the brave. most importantly, they will be the ones that determine that the united states of america continues to be one nation...under god. specialty classesk-5 specialty classes include music, spanish, art, computers and ukulele. middle school elective classes in stem, "meet the masters" art, journalism, photography, forensic science, 
        technology, drama, and money management.                                                                                           free bussingwe offer free bus transportation to and from southwest church every day to families in the coachella valley. core value recipientsprevious  core value recipients itemjanuary core value award for responsibility - delilah teitelbaum- kindergartenjanuary core value award for responsibility- noah lopez- first gradejanuary core value award for responsibility - eshaan pathak- second gradejanuary core value award for responsibility - isaac figueroa- third gradejanuary core value award for responsibility - aaris halton- fourth gradejanuary core value award for responsibility - violet taylor- fifth gradejanuary core value award for responsibility - rilee goodman- sixth gradejanuary core value award for responsibility - khloe loya- seventh grade january core value award for responsibility - jesse valle- eighth gradejanuary golden whistle award - kyrah cooper- k-5 p.e.january music award - yago acosta- k-5 musicjanuary art award - jaelyn partida- k-5 artjanuary computers award - daisy may- computersjanuary spanish award - jacob weems- k-5 spanishjanuary golden whistle award - adam najar- middle school p.e.january rising star award for responsibility - nikko jackson- k-5 rising starnext  core value recipients item

thank you to this year's 24-25 bowl-a-rama sponsors












































king's schools67-675 bolero rd.palm springs, ca 92264(760) 324-5464info@kingsschools.comstay connectedcopyright © 2025 king's schools. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more



