



trafficschool.com online traffic school and defensive driving

















traffic school home
























 











the best traffic school
offering easy, yet educational and dmv licensed & court accepted traffic school & driving safety courses


                            start traffic school
                        



































~ the easiest ~

             i have taken two other on-line traffic school programs and this was hands down the easiest one i have done. thanks to this website, i will not only recommend friends, i will preach about it... 
        
            (read more rave reviews)

                - esteban in westminster
            








traffic school you can trust to get the job done right

                welcome to trafficschool.com, the preferred choice for satisfying traffic school and drivers education on the internet since 1994... providing a variety of online courses for your traffic school, defensive driving, point or insurance reduction and drivers ed needs. whether you need to handle a traffic ticket, obtain a new learner's permit or driver license or receive a discount on your auto insurance, take one of our accredited and highly acclaimed driver safety education courses in california, florida, texas, new york, arizona and other u.s. states. choose your state to get started today!
                




easy to use course

                        stress free, very simple, and well organized.  our course is easy to take, easy to pass.  success!
                    



spend less, save more

                        we keep our course costs low... and your car insurance rates in check. it's a win-win for your wallet.
                    



at your own pace

                            go fast or go slow.  take hours or take weeks.  login and logout as you please, we'll save your work along the way.
                        






state approved courses

                        looking for a dmv or traffic court accepted class?  of course you are! get your state licensed programs here.
                    



flexible and convenient

                            got internet? relax and stay home or hit the coffee shop.  login 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and even on holidays.
                        



safe and secure

                            protect your personal information.  we are digicert secure and use ssl encryption to keep you safe.
                        







find traffic school, defensive driving, and drivers education for your state




california dmv licensed

                            asking yourself "i got a traffic ticket now what"? 
                            over 55 and wondering how to get an insurance discount?
                            traffic school online in california has driver ed classes for drivers of all ages.
                         
                        



florida dhsmv approved

                                need to sign up for a florida traffic school bdic?  are you a senior looking for a 6-hour accident prevention course?  teens can find a florida drug and alcohol course too!
    
                        



texas tea approved

                            texas drivers can save big on their auto insurance with our low-priced $25 defensive driving classes. 
                            parents of teen drivers can find the best parent taught drivers ed available in texas.
    
                        



nys dmv approved

                            new york drivers can save a mandatory 10% discount on the auto insurance premiums just by completing our dmv approved
                            point insurance reduction program (pirp) program.
    
                        



supreme court approved

                            100% az court approved, online, and easy classes you can trust to keep points from your arizona motor vehicle division driving record. open book quizzes make it stress free to pass. 
                         
                        


view courses for other states here


 


how much does traffic school cost?
how to sign up for traffic school?







courses

 traffic school 
 defensive driving 
 insurance discount 
 mature driver / seniors 
 fleet traffic safety 
 teen driver's ed 
 re-enter course 
start course 
courses by state
 how it works 
 privacy policy 
 terms of course 



our company













 about us 
 what customers are saying 
 5-star guarantee 
 contact us 


helpful stuff

 help / faq 
traffic school answers forum 
 certificate information 
 resources 
 sitemap 
















thank you for choosing trafficschool.com.

                       	have any questions? want  to tell us how we are doing? maybe you have suggestions on how to make traffic school even better?
                        we'd love to hear from you, just give us a call at 1-800-691-5014 or visit us at our main office location:
                        
trafficschool.com headquarters
                         9121 oakdale avenue, suite 120 
                         chatsworth, ca 91311


                            thank you and drive safe,
                            the trafficschool.com team
                        








                     © 1995-2025 trafficschool.com, inc. all rights reserved
                    
trafficschool.com and driving down your cost of driving are registered trademarks of trafficschool.com, inc.



 











