

opportunities for inclusion | home | waltham, massachusetts








































































x




close



 






donate now

	providing services to individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities since 1956



 


 
home
about us

our mission and history
leadership team
board of directors
human rights
agency documents
newsletter
resources
videos & video archives
people first language
spanish translation
press room
events
turkeytrot 2021
wine tasting 2021

adult family care
services

day habilitation
employment & cbds program
school to work transitions program
shared living
in-home supports

recreation & respite

register for saturday social
recreation schedule
recreation brochure
policies and procedures
watch city self advocates
brandeis buddies

photo gallery
career opportunities
get involved

make a donation
supporters & partners
join our organization
legislative advocacy
volunteerism

contact us










gabriel vonleh, president and ceo, 1965-2024with great sadness we announce that gabriel vonleh, president and ceo of opportunities for inclusion, passed away suddenly and unexpectedly on december 10 due to medical complications after a short illness.
	gabe was an innovative, passionate, and forward-thinking leader who worked hard to improve the lives of individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities. he will be greatly missed.
	opportunities for inclusion's board of directors has appointed mark beaumont as interim chief executive officer. mark has been with opportunities for inclusion for over three years as executive director of operations and personnel.
	click here to read recent communicationsread our strategic plan summarylearn more about our values: the p.a.c.t.view our open positions and share with people you know!human rights information for families and guardianswatch our video to learn more about our  adult family care (afc) program!
			for more information, please contact barbara dunker rn, afc program director, at 781-899-1344 x4710 or bdunker@oppsforinclusion.org.





upcoming events

check out our winter 2024-2025 recreation brochure for upcoming events!december 01, 2024 @ 8:00 amnew saturday social schedule & new location at 31 woodland road: movies, games & more join us!february 22, 2025 @ 4:00 pm68th annual meeting, tuesday 2/25/25, 6 pm! please join us!february 25, 2025 @ 6:00 pmparent, family & guardian online advisory meetings are now quarterly! next meeting: tuesday 4/8/25 5-5:30 pm click for agenda and information on how to join on zoom!april 08, 2025 @ 5:00 pm
view our calendar




news

ribbon cutting at 46 chestnut street community residencedecember 18, 2024read moreofi is featured on wbz's change makersfebruary 16, 2024read moreofi's 67th annual meeting held 1-16-24.      see our staff and community award recipients!january 18, 2024read moreread all news...


harvest breakfast was a great success!


thanks to all who attended and supported our annual fundraiser!


click here for more details








donate to our annual appeal!








click donate now to learn how your donation makes a difference for individuals we serve.







we got a cummings grant!



thank you cummings foundation!









this grant over 3 years will greatly benefit the individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities we serve!




















our mission
            our mission is to serve individuals with intellectual, developmental and physical disabilities, frail elders, and their families. our programs promote independence, inclusion, self-advocacy, cultural diversity and the overall dignity and welfare of our participants and staff.
            opportunities for inclusion utilizes a person-centered approach and philosophy in our programs and services. we are uniquely sensitive to the level of personal support required for individuals to thrive.  we have proven experience with the inclusion of all people into the community. opportunities for inclusion is a
			private 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization.opportunities for inclusion is an affiliated chapter of the arc and 
                    the arc of massachusetts.join our
                newslettersign up to receive opportunities for inclusion's newsletter. please enter your name and email address below:











		opportunities for inclusion, inc. | 56 chestnut street | waltham, massachusetts 02453 | 781-899-1344 | admin@oppsforinclusion.org
all contents © copyright
		
		 opportunities for inclusion. all rights reserved.privacy policy
powered by dreamingcode
please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility
