




women in balance institute: wellness resources for women






































































about wibi
contact wibi
support wibi
wibi newsletter


search for:











menu
skip to content
menopause info

hormones

hormones 101
hormone imbalance & restoration
perimenopause & menopause defined
menopause & balance
exams & tests for midlife
healthcare for midlife
hormone testing
hormone treatment options
questions to ask your healthcare provider
understanding your baseline
additional resources


symptoms & solutions

anxiety, irritability & mood swings
breast changes
cycle changes
fuzzy thinking
headaches & migraines
hot flashes & night sweats
loss of libido
trouble sleeping & fatigue
vaginal dryness
weight gain


lifestyle strategies

community
exercise
good sleep
hormone balance
mindfulness
nature & its healing power
nutrition
pure water
quality, consistent health care
relaxation
vitamins, supplements & herbs
vitality




breast cancer info

prevention is the cure
hormones and breast health
causes of hormone imbalance
do you have a hormone imbalance?
hormone balance is the key
lifestyle matters
science on our side
research and resources
women’s health glossary


resources

hormone testing & diagnostic resources
scientific advisory network
vitamins, supplements & herbs
wib science reports for health professionals


research

bioidentical progesterone vs. synthetic progestins
progesterone & bone health
progesterone & cardiovascular health
progesterone & menstrual health, infertility, pregnancy
progesterone & safety
progesterone and breast health
progesterone and menopausal symptoms
progesterone and the nervous system/brain
progesterone and the uterus
progesterone formulations – creams, gels, pills
extra reading resources


 




welcome to the women in balance institute
 
who we are: sisters. friends. all races. free thinkers. believers. dreamers. all religions. physicians. healers. students. teachers. leaders. all countries of origin. mothers. daughters. future mothers. will never be mothers. grandmothers. granddaughters. aunties. nieces. all sexual orientations. immigrants. minorities. advocates. all genders. feminists. entrepreneurs. survivors. men who support women.
our mission: to unite. to connect. to teach. to empower.
our vision: to create harmony, peace, and balance.
 





hormones 101 hormones are incredible chemical messengers in our body that affect our brain, heart, bones, muscles, and reproductive organs and are an essential part of the workings of every cell in the human body. learn more about hormone balance in our hormones section.

getting help we know how important finding the right provider.
we can help you ask the important questions. ten questions to ask your health care provider. 

the wibi research tool looking for research on a specific topic? trying to find articles on hormone balance and menopause? 
our research library contains articles that are hand-picked to provide the most up-to-date and relevant information.




home
about wibi
about hormone imbalance
symptoms & solutions
finding help
resources & research
contact wibi
privacy policy

49 south porter street portland, or 97201503.552.1555our mission is to educate and train physicians, practitioners and pre-professionals in the art, science and research of natural medicine
© 2025 women in balance institute








































