


progressive gold



















tuesday, january 16, 2007

prog gold is on the move!


update blogrolls and bookmarks! prog gold is moving, from blogger to, you guessed, wordpressed at:


http://www.cloggie.org/proggold/


the new site should load automatically, otherwise click the link above. we've been using blogger with little complaints for years, but it was always meant to be a temporary thing... so long, and thanks for all the fish. 



 | 






posted 10:41 pm 
by martin wisse


 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |   


monday, january 15, 2007

comment of the dayis at sadly, no, in response to a wingnut troll:dorothy said,

january 14, 2007 at 23:46 omg! my constitutional liberties have been diminished! i’m not sure exactly how, but maybe gavin will shed light on it. i’ve heard that, while i can still talk to my terrorist friends, there is a chance it might be recorded. the horror! constitutional rights down the toilet! freedom disappearing! i can’t go on!!the problem is, kevin, that once constitutional rights have been denied to any single american citizen, we are all equally at risk. i’m going to say this very slowly: there is no legal distinction between you and me and jose padilla. we share the same legal status: we have not been arrested, charged with any crime, pled a case before a judge, or convicted in a court of law. whether or not he is actually guilty of anything is completely irrelevant: legally, the government has exactly as much right to detain him as they do you and me and gavin and my cat. none. what. so. ever.i don’t care if they toss him in prison and throw away the key after his trial. he hasn’t had one. the government isn’t planning to give him one: they are now arguing that he is incompetant to stand trial, so even if they were planning to give him a trial, they can’t now. oh, well, them’s the breaks. too bad, so sad.and if they get away with this, there is nothing and no one that can prevent the same thing happening to you. or a member of your family. or one of your friends.so’s here’s the new miranda warning; get used to it:you had the right to remain silent. now, you can be tortured until you confess, and anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law–that is, assuming you actually ever get to see the inside of a courtroom or even military tribunal chamber.you had the right to an attorney, but since we no longer allow you to notify anyone that you have been detained and keep the fact that you’re in custody a national secret, we’d like to see you try to contact one. and we won’t let you talk to your attorney anyway, so there.if you cannot afford an attorney, one will be appointed to you by the court–at least, until we get the boycott of attorneys who represent detainees pro bono under way and drive those constitution-hugging traitors out of business. besides, when we’re done with you, you won’t be sane enough to stand trail anyway, so boo fucking hoo.quit acting like a girl. that was in no way an attempt to offend girls. it’s just that gavin was acting like one of you. girls rock. gavin, not so much.please define “acting like a girl”. i’m dying to see what behavior patterns you characterize as “rocking” when performed by “a girl” and yet offensive when done by gavin.“giving a damn about one’s fellow americans,” maybe?or “valuing the rule of law that is the foundation of our country”?or how about “realizing that something doesn’t have to affect one personally in order to be bad”?maybe just “not being a self-centered asshole”?  not a lot one can add to that is there?
read more: comment of the day


 | 






posted 8:02 pm 
by republic of palau


 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |   


pam at pandagon is suggesting how maybe a googlebomb of john mccain might be a good idea, in light of the fact that mccain is a lying sack of shit  and right up that warmonger bush's arse,  and not at all the principled maverick the media is positioning him as. (i paraphrase, obviously).heavens to betsy, a googlebomb? how very uncivil! we lefties are far too polite and principled to do such a thing, surely?to forestall any winger accusations of vulgarity and to show just how well-bred and polite we on the left actually  are, i've put my thoughts on senator mccain into song, with more than a little assistance from a mr.jj cale of oklahoma:if you want the right out out you've got to knock him about; mccainif you wanna him down, down on the ground; mccainhe just lies, he just lies, he just lies; mccainthink he's bad news? get out your googlebomb shoes; mccainwhen your day is done and you want some fun;mccain.he just lies, he just lies, he just lies; mccainwhen your democracy's gone and you wanna moveon; mccaindont forget this fact, you can't get it back;mccainhe just lies, he just lies, he just lies; mccain.he just lies, he just lies, he just lies; mccain now, what could more civil and refined than that?
read more: us politics,  08 presidential election, john mcain


 | 






posted 11:36 am 
by republic of palau


 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |   


sunday, january 14, 2007

unexpected art
here from pbs is gallery of the history of contraceptive pill packaging design.historical, aesthetic and educational: i'm surprised the fundies haven't complained yet.

read more: women, contraception, the pill, packaging design, history


 | 






posted 3:10 pm 
by republic of palau


 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |   


leaky leakyit make look like government by fiasco, but is new labour playing a long game with all these home office leaks to the media? the latest is that records of british criminals convicted abroad are 'sitting on a desk' at the home office and the police don't know if there are murderers loose.london (reuters) - home secretary john reid faced mounting pressure on sunday over his department's failure to log overseas offenders' details after it emerged that a convicted armed robber committed murder on his return to britain.political opponents accused reid's department of incompetence and called for an independent inquiry into the latest home office controversy.career criminal dale miller, 43, killed a man in newcastle in 2000 after being released from prison for armed robberies in germany and switzerland, the observer newspaper said on sunday.how many leaked scandals is this now? once is accident, twice is suspicious, three or more times is looking decidedly conspiratorious.for the non-ukian, the home office is a huge historical portmanteau of a government department, one whose remit includes criminal justice, policing and terrorism, prisons, immigration and citizenship and last but not least, race relations. it's overseen by a cabinet member, the home secretary, who's third in seniority and influence to the pm and chancellor. labour's most recent home secretary is alleged scots hardman ( nu-lab speak for office bully) john reid, who's been very vocal in running his department down, saying it's 'not fit for purpose', the idea being he's the new broom who'll sweep it clean and it's all the civil servants' fault. a little background on the man to give you a taste of his style:i really like john reid, i really do, honest john reid, the newly appointed home secretary, has my deep and unalloyed admiration, he really does. not only has he gone into the home office, his 27th cabinet job in as many years or something, and told them they are all a bunch of cunts, which is palpably true, but he is an old stalinist tankie of the first order. "red" reid does not mess about, and is just the comrade to supply the sort of smack of firm government that this country needs. thank heavens he does not drink, and is no longer the man who once consumed possibly 10 whisky and lemonades at lunch. and no food. the lemonade, i think, was a very stylish touch. and his deep admiration for the bosnian serb freedom fighter radovan karadzic (whereabouts, i believe, still unknown - i'd suggest starting at john's house - if they can find a sliver of cannbis, they can find a large former pyschiatrist, surely?) is something that can only affirm one's awe for the man's judgement. if only he would rename the home office the ministry of the interior (miniter) then we could all certainly sleep safer in our beds. if you add up all the stories about home office leaks and incompetence that have appeared in he tabloids over the last year an overwhelming preponderance are about lax information management, with the blame placed firmly on the shoulders of the staff and not the ministers for their endless barrage of management consultants and badly-drafted kneejerk legislation.if anything reid seems almost to relish the scandal. i wonder why?the civil servants are represented by a left-wing union, the pcs, who new labour hate like poison precisely because it is left-wing and its leader has led the fight to decouple his and other unions from funding labour - so it's not just about modernising a creaky department, it's about purging the left, who oppose plans for a privately run but publicly funded massive and inclusive cradle to grave database and biometric id system that will erase any personal privacy, make individuals the property of the state, make billions for private consultants, privatise the civil service, and be buggy and useless too. in the light if disastrous current and previous government it projects, this seems a reasonable position to take.this leads me to think that the leaks are not in the least bit accidental, no matter how it looks on the face of it. for instance we even had a tethered goat set out in the form of a junior home office minister on friday's bbc any questions, this from a government whose invariable press relations motto during this type of fiasco is "no-one is available for comment'.my theory is also propped up by two worrying stories from this morning's uk papers; first from the independent: blair calls for data to be shared
by marie woolf, political editor
published: 14 january 2007tony blair will propose this week to change the law to allow government departments to share personal data, including people's medical records and tax details.the plan to allow whitehall departments to share information that is currently protected by strict confidentiality rules will prove highly controversial.the prime minister is likely to argue that allowing personal files to be shared will speed up and simplify whitehall decision-making.but the move is expected to be criticised by civil liberties groups, which will say that sensitive information could fall into the wrong hands.then there's this from the observer:police across europe to share dna database
david rosesunday january 14, 2007police and security services in the european union will share access to an unprecedented range of individuals' personal data under a radical package of measures to be discussed by eu justice ministers this week. it allows agencies in different countries to search one another's databases - dna records, fingerprints, vehicle details - and other personal information. even if someone has no criminal record and their dna is not on a database, police can ask their foreign colleagues to collect a sample. the measures, known as the prum treaty, after the german town where it was signed, are being championed by germany, which holds the eu presidency. documents obtained by the observer show that the germans are also holding secret talks with top us officials in an attempt to conclude a data-sharing agreement with america - first for germany alone, then for the eu. last week the observer revealed that all british visitors to the us will have their fingerprints stored alongside criminals' on a database linked to the fbi. 'prum has several dangers,' peter hustinx, the eu's data protection commissioner, said. 'some of its definitions are very sloppy and it creates an infrastructure that may well not be necessary. the council of ministers has not been involved, the european parliament has not been involved. it bypasses europe's normal processes of accountability and decision-making.' it threatens to 'trump' a separate initiative to create an eu data-sharing system - with much stronger safeguards - which has been working its way through the council of ministers, in consultation with the european parliament. 'the framework as it stands has flaws,' said tony bunyan, of the civil liberties monitoring group statewatch. 'but if prum, which is much worse, becomes european law, it will be left high and dry.' sarah ludford, the liberal democrat mep for london and a leading member of the european parliament's justice and civil liberties committee, said that while she accepted the need for security agencies to share information it was 'vital that the provisions should be transparent and decided democratically'. she said that the move to adopt prum amounted to a 'parliamentary bypass'. plum began as a private treaty in 2005 between germany, france, austria and four other countries. now member states can only choose to ratify or reject it as a whole.
add this to the universal child database this government is also proposing :while the proposals for the database grew out of concern for children at risk of child abuse or neglect, reinforced by the death of victoria climbié, all 11 million children in the uk are to be registered on the database. the data entries for each child are to consist of:
- name, address, gender and date of birth;
- a unique identifying number;
- the name and contact details of any person with parental responsibility or who has care of him at any time;
- details of any education being received by him, including details of any educational institution attended;
- the name and contact details of any person providing primary medical and other services specified by the secretary of state;
- information as to the existence of any cause for concern in relation to him;
- other information, not including medical records or other personal records, specified by the secretary of state. [1]margaret hodge, minister of state for children, has also stated that drug or alcohol use by parents, relatives and neighbours, together with other aspects of their behaviour, may be recorded. [2].and it all starts to look like a plan, with the leaks an integral part of the strategy to discredit an independent civil service.a universal database plus every other personal record available in other government databases is to be available to overseas governments with no permission whatsover from those most intimately concerned. tell me what's wriong with this picture.... this is as repressive a measure as anything stalin himsell thought up and totally unsurprising from uncle joe's (supposedly reconstructed) supporters in new labour.of course none of this, though it was at least reported, made the actual front pages; the fading glories of david beckham took precedence. sometimes i think we deserve all we get.read more: uk government, home office, scandals, civil service, data protection, government it, unions, eu, john reid.


 | 






posted 11:28 am 
by republic of palau


 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |   


saturday, january 13, 2007

"is it because one is posh?"it's my chippy socialist side coming out i know but i couldn't help but smile and go 'hah!' on reading this story. my ears have suffered this particular historian on the radio too often. felipe fernandez-armesto is one of those over-emphatically english men who've adopted the most affectedly posh and strangulated oxford accent, reminiscent of bertie wooster being buggered with a badger by oofie wegg-prosser. i bet that alone made the atlanta cop arrest him, not that it was at all justified, no matter how irritating the professor is. if having a posh voice justified violent arrest then brian sewell would've been banged up long since. the bbc has the story:what every brit should know about jaywalking the moment of his arrestin the uk no one would bat an eyelid. in atlanta, you could be wrestled to the ground.it is a cautionary tale for any traveller - distinguished historian felipe fernandez-armesto tried to cross the road while in atlanta for the conference of the american historical association, only to find himself in handcuffs and surrounded by armed police. "i come from a country where you can cross the road where you like," said the visiting professor of global environmental history at queen mary college, university of london. "it hadn't occurred to me that i wasn't allowed to cross the road between the two main conference venues." the bespectacled professor says he didn't realise the "rather intrusive young man" shouting that he shouldn't cross there was a policeman. "i thanked him for his advice and went on." the officer asked for identification. the professor asked for his, after which officer leonpacher told him he was under arrest and, the professor claims, kicked his legs from under him, pinned him to the ground and confiscated his box of peppermints.
professor fernandez-armesto then spent eight hours in the cells before the charges were dropped. he told the times that his colleagues now regard him as "as a combination of rambo, because it took five cops to pin me to the ground, and perry mason, because my eloquence before a judge obtained my immediate release".not every jaywalking brit abroad will be similarly blessed, nor enjoy the intervention of the city mayor. [...]you can see and hear felipe fernández armesto's version of events here and also video of another conference attendee, testifying that he'd jaywalked himself, but that he was merely warned. read more: us, uk, legal system, crime, jaywalking, history, historian, conference



 | 






posted 6:47 pm 
by republic of palau


 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |   


tory boy, us edition
note to the virgin ben - oh, just go get laid already. it doesn't have to cost much, and no actual icky human contact need be involved if you do it right. or just say hello to mrs palm and her five lovely daughters while looking at pictures of lucianne goldberg. or something. whatever, it's clear that all that unexpressed sperm (or curdled pre-fetal-american soup, depending on how you look at it) is going straight to your brain.virgin ben is ben shapiro the 20 year old harvard law student and precocious wingnut author  (which reminds me, wouldn't the latter preclude the former? dishonesty isn't a quality one actually looks for in a lawyer, no matter how prevalent it might be in the profession), proving with very little effort required that years of home-schooling and enforced celibacy addle the brain. let's face it, that theory is just about as valid as his. shapiro says that nancy pelosi uses her womb for political advantage. how, exactly? does she pop it out and wave it like flag when it's time to vote? does she sign motions in menstrual bood? what? young ben doesn't seem able to say exactly.via punkass marc:it must be difficult to be a famous woman. if you don’t have children, you’re an old maid with shriveled ovaries who has forsaken your godly purpose. if you have children and don’t talk about them, you’re a cold parent who puts her career ahead of her offspring. if you’re like nancy pelosi, i.e. you have children and talk about them openly, you’re holding your previously occupied uterus above the heads of jealous menfolk as a sign of your superiority.yes, with the ascendance of speaker pelosi, uterine envy is at an all-time high. take a recent editorial by family security matters‘ ben shapiro, a harvard law school student who’s clearly worked overtime to overcome the many inherent disadvantages associated with having a dick.[...]while we’ll soon see how his obsession with nancy pelosi’s body is concentrated primarily in the pelvis, shapiro gives us a head’s up that he’s thinking an awful lot about her breasts, too:nancy pelosi, however, could breastfeed on the speaker’s podium and receive the plaudits of the mainstream media.yikes. either shapiro’s repressed maternal fetish has him uttering the creepiest of creepy phrases in print, or he’s incapable of imagining a woman performing anything but childcare duties (and whatever he may or may not have observed in his forays into internet porn).the creepiness continues:no woman in the history of politics has used her womb like nancy pelosi.sadly, far too many men have used their jackassery like ben shapiro. [...]to which i might add, no-one has used the genetic accident of having a penis to such pointless effect as ben shapiro.read more: us politics, women, feminism, wingnuts, shapiro, pelosi


 | 






posted 3:39 pm 
by republic of palau


 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |   


"it wasn't me"as part of his increasingly spinal tap-esque "legacy tour" ( who does he think he is, eric bloody clapton? i bet he's even had a tour t-shirt made.) tony blair made a speech on a naval ship my hometown yesterday in which he blamed, in front of an invited audience of military, academics (and for some obscure reason 30 local schoolchildren, who must've been bored out of their poor little skulls) everyone in britain but himself for the inescapable fact that his illegal war in iraq is one supersized clusterfuck and his tenure as prime minister a complete disaster for the country.somehow he managed to do all this without mentioning iraq or his host city's increasing toll of local military war dead even once. the grim faces of his audience on the video say all you need to know about how it was received, yet to read the local rag, the execrably bad evening herald, you'd never know it - the herald never ever questions the staus quo unless it's to complain about bus lanes or old dears slipping on dogshit - for instance you'd think a picture of blair and the local labour mp and professional sycophant and busybody linda gilroy, snogging, would be front page news:but no, that would be hoping for too much. evening herald? news and comment?  don't make me laugh.luckily the independent has parsed blair's speech for us so we don't have to read the whole self-justifying, narcissistic transccript at no 10's webiste:tony blair's spin unspun


by colin brown

* blair says: "the parody of people in my position is of leaders who, gung-ho, launch their nations into ill-advised adventures without a thought for the consequences."analysis: no amount of lectures will erase the fact that iraq is now a mess because of the failure to plan for the peace after saddam was toppled, and it has made iran the dominant force in the region. * blair says: "public opinion ... will be constantly bombarded by the propaganda of the enemy ... to the effect that it's really all "our", that is the west's, fault." 
analysis: mr blair is losing the propaganda war over iraq, but blaming the media for covering the reporting of the horror of daily life in baghdad is a sign of his desperation. * blair says: "the risk here - and in the us where the future danger is one of isolationism not adventurism - is that the politicians decide it's all too difficult and default to an unstated, passive disengagement, that doing the right thing slips almost unconsciously into doing the easy thing." analysis: mr blair appears worried that after handing over power to gordon brown, his successor may come under pressure to do the "easy thing" and bring the troops home before the 'job is done'. * blair says: "the extraordinary job that servicemen do needs to be reflected in the quality of accommodation provided for them and their families, at home or abroad. so much of what is written distorts the truth." analysis: mr blair is clearly irritated not only at the media but also at defence chiefs for criticisms of the "overstretch" of the armed forces.* blair says: "september 11 wasn't the incredible action of an isolated group. it was the product rather of a worldwide movement, with an ideology based on a misreading of islam." analysis: mr blair still linked september 11 with the overthrow of saddam hussein. but there is no evidence that iraq was used as a training ground for terrorism. it is now. if you watch the video you can see with your own eyes the depths of delusion and head-in-the sand-ism blair has sunk to. he's gone beyond self-parody and way off into total denial of reality territory and he's becoming increasingy shrill, nervy and twitchy with it. this is a man who looks temperamentally and psychologically unsafe to be in control of a car, let alone a country.read more: uk politics, blair, linda gilroy, defence speech, plymouth



 | 






posted 12:20 pm 
by republic of palau


 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |   


 i'm not sure whether to laugh uncontrollably or turn away in disgust. 



 | 






posted 9:43 am 
by republic of palau


 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |   


friday, january 12, 2007

exactly.from tarek at liquid list.

read more: us,  iran, iraq, war


 | 






posted 4:49 pm 
by republic of palau


 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |   


friday cat blogging i was going to post a kitten picture, it being friday afternoon and we get to bring toys in, but i couldn't find one quite cute enough to blot out war on iran, so i've gone for bizarre and dogs.much more mind- boggling dog couture here.
read more: friday cat blogging, dogs, clothes


 | 






posted 4:06 pm 
by republic of palau


 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |   


the wheels of justice grind exceeding slow, but exceeding finemembers of the cia and bush administration had better think twice about setting foot in europe: eu warrants have been issued for cia agents involved in renditions in italy, according to der spiegel:milan's extraordinary renditions case
the cia in the dockby georg mascolo and matthias gebauer 
a milan prosecutor is making the cia nervous. despite the opposition of his own government he wants to indict 26 us agents and five italian secret agents for the kidnapping of a terror suspect. rome and washington would prefer that the embarrassing trial would just go away.the extraordinary renditions program is turning into an embarassment for the ciathe proceedings in milan's historic palace of justice on tuesday morning were kept under tight wraps. judge caterina interlandi was holding court on the seventh floor, behind closed doors -- and only lawyers directly involved with the case were allowed to enter. the governments in rome and washington would have preferred if the hearing had not taken place at all. however they had not reckoned with armando spataro. without the lively milan prosecutor, who is balding and has a moustache, things would never have got quite so far.the case being heard behind the court's doors could turn out to be highly unpleasant for washington and rome. judge interlandi must determine whether 26 cia agents and five italian secret service agents are to be indicted for one of the boldest kidnappings of a terror suspect to happen yet. if the court takes the case, it would be the first time anyone has been tried in connection with the cia's controversial "extraordinary renditions" program. under the secret renditions program, suspected terrorists were kidnapped and interrogated at secret "black" sites.there was no immediate result after the hearing on tuesday, except the announcement that the case was adjourned until the end of january.the statements afterwards were nevertheless revealing. for example, daria pesce, the lawyer representing former milan cia bureau chief robert seldon lady said she was withdrawing from the case. "robert seldon lady said that a political and not legal solution should be found." her client, she said, would prefer "an agreement between italy and the us" to a trial. pesce described her client as "disappointed" by the italian officers because they revealed details of the operation they had sworn to keep secret. "he feels betrayed because he is still convinced he did the right thing for the us and all the other countries fighting international islamism," she said.lady's position is understandable, because the case is an embarrassment. the fate of the egyptian imam osama moustafa hassan nasr, better known as abu omar, is one of the best-documented cases of the controversial abductions by the us. in february 2003, a cia team kidnapped the radical cleric in milan as he was on his way to his mosque. from the point of view of the us investigators abu omar was a suspect who could have knowledge of the activities of jihadists in europe -- perhaps.osama moustafa hassan nasr, also known as abu omar, who allegedly was kidnapped in milan by the cia.in these kinds of situations, things are rarely done gently. drugged and tied-up, abu omar was bundled into a white mini-van and taken to the us base at aviano, and then by jet via the us airbase in ramstein, germany more or less directly to an egyptian jail. during his weeks of interrogation there, abu omar claims to have been tortured by the local officials. in a letter that was smuggled out of the jail, he reports of electrical shocks and writes that his face has been disfigured by these methods. he is being held in a jail in alexandria to this day.it is now known that in the fight against international terror following the sept. 11, 2001 attacks this was common cia practice -- something the us has indirectly admitted, without expressing any regret. instead of waiting for the necessary due process, the agency preferred to kidnap those it had decided were suspects. instead of placing them in us jails they were stuck in holes somewhere in countries that were known for torture and therefore speedy interrogation results. it is precisely these practices that are now the subject of several investigations in eu countries.during their tough actions the bosses back home in the us probably never expected that they would ever have someone like prosecutor spatoro spying on them in turn. he has impressive evidence in dozens of files. he knows the names of the cia agents. he knows when and where they travelled to italy, who they called and when, in order to kidnap abu omar. even their fondness for luxury hotels is in the files -- and that they collected valuable frequent flyer miles. there is no point talking about a secret operation any more.no other case has caused so much internal disquiet in the cia as the arrest warrants from italy. even if the white house has promised that there is no need to fear prosecution or extradition, there is concern in the agency about what will happen after president bush leaves office. the democrats now control congress and hearings about the cia program are looming. legal insurance has been the hot topic among cia agents for months. the agents are aware that the small fry are always the first to be sacrificed.in the case of the kidnapping in italy, this concern is well founded. after all it is the names of the cia worker ants that appear in the indictments. due to spataro's tireless efforts they will also be issued arrest warrants in the european union. from now on the agents will have to worry about possible arrest during any future foreign visit -- even if one of them just wants to visit florence instead of florida with his wife. however the italian foreign ministry never sent the prosecutor's extradition warrant -- out of loyalty to its partner, the us.the dark prediction of cofer black, the cia's former head of counter-terrorism, is being remembered in corridors of the agency these days: "one day we will all be in court for what we are doing now." at the same time, the agents of what is supposedly the best secret service in the world didn't act particularly clandestinely in milan. many now shake their head in disbelief that it only takes a few google searches to find the first traces of the cia's aircraft. the term "secret flights" is long obsolete.even the agents were not much of a secret. of the first 13 suspects public prosecutor spataro was able to identify, 11 were easily traced back to the cia. the insurance numbers and post office boxes they kept in virginia revealed more than they hid.and even though it is now clear that the cia acted carelessly in italy, the fact that high-level agents in rome gave their nod of approval to the operation has only served to increase anger over their negligence. "it's not only bad tradecraft, but it's stupid," commented richard stolz, a former cia deputy director of operations.even for the renditions program, the action in italy was highly unusual -- and also particularly risky. in most operations, countries arrested suspected terrorists and then turned them over to the united states. but in italy, the cia chief in rome was looking to achieve his own success, and insiders believe that goes a long way towards explaining why the cia there played a direct role in the kidnapping. "if i had taken a plan to my bosses to kidnap someone in europe, it better have been osama himself, and i doubt i would have gotten permission even then," said michael scheuer, former head of the cia program.there's more to the milan case than simply a suit against cia agents (who wouldn't even be present in the milan palace of justice if it were to be heard). instead, it is the italian secret service and the former government of silvio berlusconi who will be placed in the political dock. berlusconi routinely swears that italy never would have permitted or provided help for any operation like this. but few believe him these days. in fact, it appears unlikely that the operation would even have been possible without logistical aid from the us's close partner.,p>the most extensive testimony could come from a former italian agent who also now stands as a defendant. for months, former italian top spy nicolo pollari refused to testify. now he is threatening what could be an almost "spontaneous defense." but his lawyer says he would only be willing to do so if berlusconi and the current prime minister, romano prodi, also appeared in court. for the time being, the main issue is to lift the veil of secrecy that had initially been imposed on the abu omar case. still, uncomfortable questions would likely be directed at the top politicians. it's still impossible to tell if the milan trial will even open. nevertheless, through sheer persistence, prosecutor spataro has already cut his way through considerable political resistance. at the end of the day, the decision will lie with the judge, who is under enormous pressure. so far, the judge has held up well under pressure -- so much so that german prosecutor eberhard bayer has described his colleague's work as "excellent." bayer has often met with spataro and spoken to him on the telephone because he is currently investigating cia planes that landed in germany and were involved in abu omar's kidnapping.however, it is unlikely that bayer's case will ever progress as far as the milan investigation. "we've hit a dead end because the americans aren't providing us with any information," bayer said. but bayer does know that abu omar was taken to egypt on a flight that also landed at the us air base in ramstein, germany, which is also under his prosecutorial jurisdiction. each time he contacts the base, authorities tell him politely but firmly that washington has instructed them to provide no information whatsoever. "to be honest, we're at our wits end," bayer said.but prosecutors in germany are following the progress in milan with great interest. privately, they hope the trial will open -- almost more because of the hard work of their colleague than because of their hopes for a public tribunal against the cia."of course it's true that we're dealing with big political issues here," says bayer, deliberately speaking in abstract terms. "but even if a crime is a political one, it still remains a crime."
we'll get these bastards in the end, legally, and when we do they'll sing like canaries about their bosses just to save their miserable slimy hides, no rendition or torture required.
cartoon copyright martin rowson, the guardian
read more: war on terror, us, europe, italy, cia, rendition, kidnap, prosecutions, arrests


 | 






posted 2:33 pm 
by republic of palau


 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |   


it's been pretty damned obvious from the moment she was appointed to the administration that condi rice is a political lightweight, for all her apparent academic accomplishments. her continuance in office has been an unmitigated disaster for the international diplomacy and the rule of law.finally, a  democratic congressman calls condi rice incompetent:the gloves are off in the new congress. hawaii democratic congressman neil abercrombie, the outspoken new chairman of the powerful house air-land subcommittee, has gone on the record with a highly personal attack on bush's secretary of state condoleezza rice. abercrombie referred to rice as "the most overrated underperforming individual in executive authority that i have ever seen" in an interview published this week in the "honolulu star bulletin."in response to a follow-up question by star bulletin columnist richard borreca whether race or gender had anything to do with it, abercrombie continued, "she constantly gets a pass. who knows if the whole question of race and gender come into it? but i can't account for it except to say she isn't up to the mark." abercrombie's spokesperson confirmed the quotes and told abc news today the congressman does indeed have a highly critical view of rice's performance not only as the current secretary of state but also in her previous role as bush's national security advisor. as to the congressman's comments on race and gender, the spokesman said abercrombie was responding to a follow-up question. "it's an old reporter's trick to put words in a question to get the respondent to use them himself in the answer, but nonetheless the congressman was quoted accurately." and oops, there she goes again proving his point for him.i doubt she's planning on resigning anytime soon though - with harriet miers gone, there's only the mysteriously invisible karen hughes between her and the prime office wife spot. i sometimes wonder if she's the heroine in her own mental bloody harlequin novel (one of these perhaps) . for the life of me i can't really see what else is driving her at this point.read more: politics, condoleeza rice, bush, relationship


 | 






posted 1:00 am 
by republic of palau


 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |   




home





"i think all foreigners should stop interfering in the internal affairs of iraq."
-- u.s. deputy defense secretary paul wolfowitz, 21 july 2003



mail prog gold



home
rss feed (atom)
december 2006
november 2006
oktober 2006
september 2006
august 2006
july 2006
june 2006
may 2006
april 2006
march 2006
february 2006
january 2006
december 2005
november 2005
october 2005
september 2005
august 2005
july 2005
june 2005
may 2005
april 2005
march 2005
february 2005
january 2005
december 2004
november  2004
october 2004
september 2004
august 2004
july 2004
june 2004
may 2004
april 2004
march 2004
february 2004
january 2004
december 2003
november 2003
october 2003
september 2003
august 2003
july 2003
june 2003
may 2003
april 2003
march 2003
february 2003
january 2003
december 2002
november 2002
archive overview


self promotion

martin:
wis[s]e words
international (political) weblog.

booklog





republic of palau:
take it as red

progressive weblogs:

descriptions underneath are as much as possible taken from
the weblog itself.

fun-loving feministas

carnival of the feminists
held on the first and third wednesday of each month and aims to showcase the finest feminist 
posts from around the blogsphere.


fetch me my axe
...we've all got something to grind. by belledame222.


pandagon
it's just amanda now, strong on feminism.


red state feminist
women's and children's issues, family law, domestic violence

lefty lawyers

lawyers, guns and money
no idea if they're really lawyers, actually


talkleft
the politics of crime.

middle east knowitalls

aron's israel peace weblog
 short commentary on news items, articles and op-ed pieces about the israeli-palestinian conflict. 


bethlehem bloggers
voices from the bethlehem ghetto.


jews sans frontieres
mark elf's anti-zionist blog.


juan cole
required reading on iraq and the middle east.


today in iraq
what's really happening in iraq

soulfull scientists

pharyngula
science, politics and the intersection between them. by pz myers.


science and politics
bora zivkovic is trying to understand us politics by making strange connections between science, 
religion, brain, language and sex.


thus spake zuska
not very polite.

steadfast socialists

actually existing
ruthless criticism of all that exists, except for the good bits. by phil edwards.


american leftist
'intelligent discontent is the mainspring of civilization.' -- eugene v. debs


apostate windbag
a journal of assorted leftwingery with a decided preference for discussing how the 
late christopher hitchens is a twat


bionic octopus
"better...faster...coconutter."


dead men left
meaders is active in the respect coalition, but don't hold it against him


globblog
a blog about globalisation. by general glut.


international rooksbyism
not just another scummie student commie's blog. by ed rooksby.


law and disorder
socialism and the legal systems


left i on the news
a leftwing view of the day's news and the way it's represented in the media. by eli.


lenin's tomb
erudite english socialist workers party supporter.


a new morning
german/english socialist leaning blog.


perspective
by alister black, scottish socialist. writes mainly about local issues. 


sonic's place
a computer generated, left-wing hedgehog's views on the world and the war


an unenviable situation
d ghirlandaio on politics, art and the culture at large 


unrepentant marxist
by louis proyect, veteran marxist


virtual stoa
home of the dead socialist watch. by chris brooke.

they make fun of the right

so we don't have to.


alicublog
plays the stock market of the soul -- and sells short!


go fug yourself
mocking our betters in hollywood and tv...


jesus' general
an 11 on the manly scale of absolute gender


the poor man institute
for freedom, democracy and a pony.


sadly no!
a group blog dedicated to make fun of idiots.


tbogg
faithful husband, soccer dad, basset owner, and peggy noonan stalker


world of crap
come point and laught at the fundies and rightwing loonies

loveable liberals

american samizdat
the collective effort of over thirty leftwing bloggers.


american street
a collective of leftist bloggers, poisoning our precious bodily fluids.


archy
politics, fringe watching, and other stuff. by john mckay.


the burnt orange report
news, politics, and fun from deep in the heart of texas.


democratic veteran
because not every vet is a right winger or pseudo facist. by jo.


dependable renegade
by watertiger, who has not yet shot anybody in the face ...yet.


eschaton
the liberal answer to instapundit?


fablog
by david ehrenstein 


a fistful of euros
a groupblog focusing on the eu and european politics.


hronkomatic
paying good money to shut george will up. by jason mccullough.


hullabaloo
digby, frequent and eloquent commentor at various blogs finally has his own.


james wolcott
journalist, media personality and blogger


john quiggin
commentary on australian & world politics from john quiggin


lean left
by kevin raybould


the left coaster
outside-the-beltway perspectives on politics, current events, and the media


left in the west
written by matt singer, a montanan who writes on local issues and national issues 
and how they correspond to montana and the west.


liberal oasis
where the left is right and the right is wrong. 


mad kane's noteables
commentary on and song parodies about politics, current events, books, music, 
and anything else that inspires her admiration or ire.


majikthise
analytic philosophy and liberal politics by lindsay beyerstein and others.


making light
teresa and patrick nielsen hayden's politics and life blog.


the martini republic
group blog. nice design, good content.


mikhaela's  news blog
by  mikhaela reid.


musings and migraines
chicago liberal's musings on war, peace, jon stewart, art, media. by 
lenora.


nathan newman
a community and union activist, policy advocate and writer with an excellent weblog. 


oliver willis
like kryptonite to stupid.


orcinus
policy, culture and journalism in the 21st century. by david neiwert.


pacific views
regime change begins at home, escalate nonviolence. by natasha.


polygon, the dancing bear
occasional notes on politics, history, architecture, and life. by lawrence kestenbaum.


prometheus 6
"what i want to do here is talk to the town criers. and i'll be talking more about people than politics."


rittenhouse review
a journal of foreign policy, finance, ethics, and culture. by james m. capozzola


the road to surfdom
an intermittent weblog by tim dunlop. 


ruminate this
news, views, activism and a smattering of something else. by lisa english. 


sasha undercover
observations and commentary on politics, women, culture, and daily life.  not for the faint of heart.


seeing the forest
...for the trees


shadow of the hegemon
written by returned from the death greek demagogue demosthenes so is very eloquent.


the sideshow 
avedon makes me think. her weblog revolves around us politics.


skimble
culture, politics, commentary, criticism.  views from the left, headquartered in chicago usa.


slacktivist
hopeful outrage, politics, culture and religion from a progressive christian perspective. 


smythe's world
politics, baseball and more.


steve gilliard's news blog
insightful (inciteful?) and interesting


this modern world
by tom tomorrow


thoughts on the eve of the apocalypse
by bill connolly 


through the looking glass
a chronicle of the absurd, in politics and life. by charles dodgson 


wampum
progressive politics, indian issues, and autism advocacy. by "mb".


whiskey bar
free thinking in a dirty glass. by daily kos alumni billmon.


xoverboard
blogging and cartoons! whoot!

progressive news

alt.muslim


alternet


common dreams


consortium news


counterpunch


crooks and liars


electronic intifada


indymedia


information clearing house


left turn magazine


narco news


the raw story


socialist worker uk


world socialist web site


working for change



ping














