


kitsch: the unmitigated denial of shazzbaa.





















    
	kitsch: the unmitigated denial of shazzbaa.
	
  
forget what you saw before. yeah, party by force was funny. so were those shitty little dogs. they remain retro cool, but we must break with the past and strive forward! onwards, pancho!




thursday, february 22, 2007




well lookey here, a lovely spread from the local paper.and after that exciting news you will probably need some plastering done, maybe even a visit to luscious lucy.



posted by sam@prestonsteet.co.uk @ 4:04 pm
1 comments






wednesday, december 13, 2006




everyone likes games don't they? but here we can see that an unfortunate  (unnamed)  individual needs more friends before he can play.  tough  times when even the interweb calls you a looser!



posted by sam@prestonsteet.co.uk @ 7:26 pm
0 comments










ho ho ho, it's nearly xmas time, and ancient traditions should be observed. even our feline friends are getting in on the act. this advent calendar has some delicious milk and catnip drops secreted in each compartment. none the less, my sister in search of a pre-dinner treat thought that she would steal one of "my" well earned chocolate buttons, only to find a nasty catnip surprise. ha ha ha. have no fear, they are quite safe for small children if eaten accidentally. god help them if eaten on purpose!



posted by sam@prestonsteet.co.uk @ 5:17 pm
0 comments






wednesday, november 15, 2006




ooo. ahh. what could it be?? maybe it is the latest in the line of iain's new bold artwork? perhaps it could be a graph showing the rise and fall of mr blobby? could it be the route that mr. barton and i took when hunting for our most recent geocache? who can say? peace.



posted by sam@prestonsteet.co.uk @ 12:35 pm
0 comments






wednesday, november 01, 2006




bonjour, be sure to check out mr. reid's nice summer video over on sam at preston street. see if you can spot next years big hit, extreme scootay mountainboarday kite flyay type thing.  word



posted by sam@prestonsteet.co.uk @ 5:24 pm
0 comments






tuesday, october 03, 2006



	 
	 so many power tools, so little time...
	 
    






posted by sam@prestonsteet.co.uk @ 2:04 pm
2 comments






thursday, september 28, 2006




"look, no hands!" said the  friendly giant seal.



posted by sam@prestonsteet.co.uk @ 1:13 pm
4 comments






thursday, september 21, 2006




'why would you need a metal hook type thing on the back of your pc?' that would be the question you would be asking yourself if you were me the last few hours. please please please tell me what it is for so i can sleep easy tonight. thank you all.p.s. i'm fairly sure it has something to do with the little people who live inside pentium chips, they need post modern art around the place or they just stay miserable (i heard bent metal is the best sort of art).



posted by sam@prestonsteet.co.uk @ 2:48 pm
1 comments










about me

name:  sam@prestonsteet.co.uk 
location:  edinburgh 
view my complete profile

links

sam at prestonstreet


previous posts

well lookey here, a lovely spread from the local p...
everyone likes games don't they? but here we can s...
ho ho ho, it's nearly xmas time, and ancient tradi...
ooo. ahh. what could it be?? maybe it is the lates...
bonjour, be sure to check out mr. reid's nice summ...
so many power tools, so little time...
"look, no hands!" said the  friendly giant seal.
'why would you need a metal hook type thing on the...
'ooooo, what's this?' i hear you ask. 'it looks al...
seedy microwave!

archives

june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
february 2007








 




