



	bulletin - home




























 











news

let us know what you think of the uga bulletin


general education core curriculum


bulletin worksheet






 
		














transfer equivalency search


academic calendar


admissions


bulletin archives



campus map


daily class schedule


final exam conflicts


site index and resources


athena







explore majors

with so many options, how do you choose? 
learn more about the many majors, minors and certificates offered at uga 
to make the decision that is right for you.





search courses

you can search for a specific course or select a prefix to view all the courses in a subject area.





compare majors

it's easy to compare up to three majors side by side. if you can't decide on a major, this is a great place to start.





















		
		
		
		
		
		 












contact us:


office of instruction
bulletin@uga.edu or 706-542-6358



site design:


the adsmith




this site was last updated on june 1, 2023.










submit a student complaint


privacy


terms & conditions: this site is managed by the office of instruction.
this is the official publication for academic matters of the university of georgia. the statements set forth in this bulletin are for information purposes only and should not be construed as the basis of a contract between a student and the institution.



while provisions of this bulletin will ordinarily be applied as stated, the university of georgia reserves the right to change any provision listed in this bulletin, including but not limited to academic requirements for graduation, without actual notice to individual students. every effort will be made to keep students advised of any such changes. information on changes will be available in the office of the registrar holmes/hunter academic building. it is especially important that each student note that it is his/her responsibility to keep himself/herself apprised of current graduation requirements for his/her particular degree program. 












