
























corvette lineup: stingray, e-ray & z06, | chevrolet europe









corvette lineup: stingray, e-ray & z06 | chevrolet europe









































overseas models shown throughout. actual production model will vary.

































































			
                
                get to know the lineup






set apart from other performance vehicles by its name alone, corvette delivers rebellious spirit – and a legacy of absolute craft – with every inch and angle of its makeup. from the stingray to the newest z06, these unique and unparalleled models represent corvette and its dedication to bringing ingenuity to you.














			
                
                explore each model
                
			
		






see what sets stingray, e-ray and z06 apart. plus, each model is available as a classic coupe with removable roof panel or a convertible with a fully retractable hardtop.

























			
                
                stingray: performance socialite


































































the performance you want and functionality you need. this sports car offers the perfect combination of performance driving, sculpted design and cargo capacity.












482*
max avail. horsepower

















3.5 seconds*
avail. 0-100 km/h time


















296 km/h*
top speed






























































			
			explore stingray
			
			
		













			
                
                e-ray: all season, all-wheel drive
































































the first-ever awd corvette has an electrified front axle and all-season performance capabilities. this is the quickest production corvette ever, thanks to the combination of a combustion and electric engines.













644*
combined horsepower

















standard ceramic brakes 
unbeatable stopping power  

















732n.m*
combined torque





























































			
			explore e-ray
			
			
		













			
                
                z06: track born, street ready
































































z06 is the most powerful naturally aspirated corvette, thanks to the lt6 5.5l v8 engine with flat-plane crankshaft. harnessing the racing technologies that conquered le mans, sebring and daytona, this champion is ready to dominate the streets.













646
max available horsepower

















3.1 seconds*
avail. 0-100 km/h time


















1.22g
available lateral g force

































































			
			explore z06
			
			
		

















			
                
                frequently asked questions
                
			
		










				  how many different corvette models are available in europe and what are they?
			








there are currently 3 corvette models available in europe and they are the stingray, e-ray and z06.













				  what are the differences between each corvette model?
			








each corvette has a personality of its own. stingray adds excitement to your social outings with exhilarating performance and stunning design. e-ray is the first awd corvette, and it offers all-season driving capability. z06 is made for the track, and is versatile enough to drive on the street.












				  where can i find more information?
			








for additional information please contact us via email: chevrolet.europe@gm.com










































