








	vnc putting your pet's health first .. for more than 20 yrs! | petdiets


































search
















build a diet view cart 


















						services



								nutrition consult



								growth consult



								healthy pet recipes





						library



								articles



								pet nutrition



								pet foods



								myths





						ask the nutritionist



						about us



						blogs



						contact us



						login






































we provide patient-specific nutritional information that is in the best interest of your pet.













































recipes

					you create a recipe for your healthy adult dog or cat.

build your recipe





growth consult

we design a feeding plan specific
					for your growing dog or cat.

start a request




nutrition consult

					we design a nutrition plan specific
					for your pet or patient.

start or continue a request










































		"she loved the homemade diet and her diabetes was well controlled. she lived happily on the food from october to may when she died peacefully under my bed during the night ... i just wanted to thank you for giving her such a wonderful quality of life and extending her life for another 8 months. i have a great deal of respect for you and thought it was time i let you know :)" -robin




		"we have sent many of our clients to you for diets and we (as well as they) have been very happy with your services - so a great 'thanks' for doing this!" -dr. p cary




		"we cannot thank you enough – we thought we would lose him – he was in so much pain – constantly panting and always lame – he was just miserable – he is far beyond anything we could ever expect now – and we could not have accomplished this without your help – thank you for all that you do!" -lara




		"just to let you know hank is doing incredibly well on his new diet. he has great energy, sometimes too much. many people have commented to me that he is "a different dog." so far there has been no diarrhea, or gas, or throwing up." -joe




		"you offer a tremendous service and there is a wealth of information to be gleaned from your site. i am constantly recommending that pet owners stop here to get their nutrition questions answered with concise, science-based accuracy. thank you." -dr. k t horner




		"in closing, we are sincerely grateful to you and petdiets for your care and attention and continue to recommend your wonderful service to our friends and relatives." -sunny




		"thank you for giving us a diet recommendation that would comply with our vet's orders for low phosphorus, low protein yet would give her nutrients and energy to sustain and improve her life.  it has only been a few weeks but we certainly see a difference and she is clearly very happy to be able to eat a meal on her own. making her the home cooked meals ensures she does not get chemicals and preservatives that would adversely affect her kidneys." -maria




		"i also want to thank you for having a great web site. i find it most informative and providing me a place of calm on the internet 'do not feed your dog this food' storm." -larry




































latest blog post






















how much does it cost me to feed my pet?
4/15/2024
make "cents" of your pet food budget by calculating pet food costsby cailin r. heinze, vmd, ms, dacvim (nutrition) 
read more

















































































                    © 2025 petdiets
                

web solution by idd, inc.












