


bucharest hotels, rent a car, bucharest tour, romania hotel reservation and tours










welcome to deltatravel.ro - 
bucharest hotels reservation, rent a car, bucharest tours, romania tours. you can find here a complete list of hotels, accommodation in romania,  transportation by car, minibus, bus, 	airport transfers, private tours for individuals and groups. call us at: +40 728 872 835 (011 40 728 872 835 us & canada)!







 
 











 hotels









bucharest hotels








timisoara hotels







 brasov hotels







 iasi hotels







 constanta hotels








bucovina hotels








danube delta hotels








prahova valley hotels








black sea hotels











transportation






bucharest transportation






bucharest car rental






bucharest minibus rental






bucharest bus rental






bucharest car rental with driver






bucharest airport transfer






bucharest airline tickets











tours






bucharest tours






romania tours






delta travel






about us






contact





privacy





cookies





















delta 
		travel services
		we provide an extensive list of travel services to corporate travelers 
		and tourists in romania, at discounted rates, a wide selection of 
		excursions and tours and a list of additional services from guides to

		transportation of groups.






romania hotels






discounted 
					romania hotels
                  book cheap hotels in romania. we will make hotels selection for you and reservations all over romania to match your budget. 



 more hotels in romania












flight 
					tickets to romania






order flight 
					tickets online
                    tired of calling different travel agencies for better price 
					and availability of the ticket? book your flight online.


book 
					now!












romania tours







romania 
					tours
					
                    we are a tour operator specialized in customized romania tours for individuals, small groups and big groups with affordable prices.



check some romania 
					tour ideas












 

 



 

hotels 
reservation:
delta travel services offers a wide variety of accommodation all over romania: luxury hotels, floating hotels, guesthouses, farmhouses. our primary mission is to offer you the best services.

bucharest hotels reservation;
whether you are wanting to make a reservation in a hotel, delta travel services 
has the right place to match your tastes and budget. we provide a wide selection 
of properties - budget, business, tourist, luxury, bed and breakfasts and 
apartments accommodation.
romania 
hotels reservation.
you will get the perfect accommodation for your trip to romania. discount 
reservation. cheap, budget and luxury bucharest hotels. accommodation at four, 
five stars and very cheap hotels in bucharest and all over romania. hotel 
accommodation products available: airport hotels, all-suites, boutique hotels, 
conference centres, conventions centres, extended-stay, limited service, 
resorts, spas.



 

 



 

bucharest 
tours:
see bucharest with your own expert tour 
guide.this is the best way to see all famous attractions of the city, exterior 
of famous buildings and palaces, dambovita river, museums and the parliament 
house ( ceausescu's house), the second largest building in the world after the 
pentagon.
bucharest city tour 
- half day bucharest tour;
bucharest 
sightseeing tour - half day bucharest tour
bucharest 
surroundings - full day bucharest tour; 
bucharest by night 
tour.
more bucharest tours

tour packages - delta travel services offers 
custom designed tours, independent tours, hosted tours, escorted tours, a 
variety of options to meet your travel needs. we are flexible and opened for 
your suggestions. 



 

 



 

transportation:
delta travel services is a travel and transport company since 1998, offering 
transport services in bucharest and romania. we put at your disposal cars, 
minibuses, buses and fly tickets.  

transfers: airport - hotel/ hotel - airport;
our transport company provide airport transfers and railway stations transfers. 
online booking with instant confirmation monday to friday. your driver will meet 
you at the airport. free service - no booking fee.
rent a bus or minibus 
in bucharest and romania;
rent a bus or minibus. bus rent inside bucharest or to any site in romania. 
minibuses and buses are modern and comfortable.
rent a car.
rent a car online! just tell us where you want to rent and when and we will show 
you our availablility and prices. rent a car or minibus rental in bucharest, 
brasov, cluj, iasi and all over romania. cheap deals. make now a reservation!  
 
 


 










we try to offer you lowest price on hot rate hotels 
								




one free 
								transfer to the airport for 5 consecutive 
								nights of accommodation.
								




								we guarantee for doing our best in finding for you hotels to matchwith your budget at the best price available. 

								if you are looking for a good price  for groups accommodation, please send us a request with the group size, travel dates, room types and other special requirements and we will send you back in maximum 48 hours an offer.
 








why book romania hotels with us?




few good 
								reasons:






									low & discount rates romania hotels


									best rate guarantee on hot rate hotels

hotel cancellation policy:
									if you need to cancel your reservation, you 
									must do so at least 48 hours prior to your 
									arrival date to avoid a one night penalty or 
									forfeiture of one night's deposit.










 



hotels 
		accommodation in bucharest  :
		we offer accommodation in bucharest in all types of hotels, all for very 
		good prices. we are here to solve your requirements and bring you 
		professional travel services. let us use our experience and skills with 
		hotel reservation in bucharest - romania. to make your life and stay 
		easier, we can also book 
		restaurants, tickets for shows, 
		museums and other cultural tours during which we can also 
		provide you with guides. 
bucharest 
		5 stars hotels
bucharest 
		4 stars hotels
bucharest 
		3 stars hotels
hotels 
		with casinos

hotels 
		accommodation in romania:
timisoara 
		hotels
brasov 
		hotels
iasi 
		hotels
constanta 
		hotels
bucovina 
		hotels
delta 
		hotels
 
		 



				 














 























bucharest featured hotels


 


 

				hilton hotel bucharest *****located in 
				bucharest city centre within walking distance of the shops, 
				business centre, museums...



















 
crowne plaza *****:
               hotel crowne plaza is located conveniently just off the main road which links international airport and the town centre...


















 


phoenicia hotel 
				bucharest****:
                part of the perla majestic company group phoenicia hotel bucharest is perfectly located for business trips...


















 
minerva hotel****:
               located in the center of bucharest, minerva is your best choice as a base to all business, cultural, 
  entertainment & shopping activities in bucharest , romania ...


















 
angelo airport hotel****:
               just 300 metres from henri coandă international airport and on european route e60/dn1 connecting bucharest’s downtown with prahova valley ...


















 
ramada majestic hotel****:
                thanks to the comfort, intimacy and its location in the business, financial, cultural and shopping centre of bucharest ...


















 
golden tulip victoriei hotel ****:
                golden tulip bucharest hotel is superbly located in the very center of downtown bucharest within short walking distance to all major shopping and business venues.


















 
ibis gara de nord hotel bucharest ***: 
				 located at 200m from north railway station, the main railway station of bucharest,
                 and 10 minutes far from the city center ...


















 
confort otopeni hotel ***:
                confort hotel is situated close to the bucharest international airport "henri coanda ( otopeni), on the road dn 1 (e60 ...


















 
eurohotel triumf bucharest ***:
                 euro hotels in bucharest is located in the vicinity of the triumph arch - 10 minutes by car from the city centre ...









 



most popular bucharest hotels











































bucharest airport hotels
conference hotels in bucharest
bucharest new hotels












































															bucharest hotels by 
															rating






5 stars hotels

4 stars hotels

3 stars hotels



 





															group discount rates  
															might be possible 
															for bookings of 10 
															rooms or more




























	cheap bucharest hotels 



herastrau hotel
confort hotel
caro hotel


elizeu hotel
capitol hotel
ibis hotel


opera hotel
central hotel
phoenicia hotel








































hotel of the month







golden tulip calea victoriei hotel
bucharest









 


great discounts


 

best deals at your favorite hotels in bucharest!
      	


 find it





 




 













	 











bucharest tours








bucharest full day tour 
		
bucharest short breaks





bucharest by night tour

the village museum





snagov monastery tour

       






romania tours






transylvania tour

bucovina monasteries





romania basic tour

one week romania tour





10 days romania tour

2 weeks romania tour





dracula tour

brancusi tour





bran, brasov, sighisoara

curtea de arges tour





sighisoara tour

prahova 
		valley tour





romania seniors tour

       




tourism license i certification i transportation license i insurance i 

 1998 - 2022 delta travel services, bucharest - romania

all rights reserved





