











fitwatch - free calorie counter, calculators & tools































break the diet rules!


log in





 










fitwatch



count calories


blog


calculators

most popular
weight loss percentage calculator
weight loss target date calculator
calorie deficit calculator
body fat percentage calculator

fitness calculators
activity / exercise calories burned calculator
basal metabolic rate (bmr) calculator
body mass index (bmi) calculator

nutrition calculators
calories per meal calculator
calorie counter / food database

more
more calculators
more tools



lose weight

the elements of weight loss
how to set smart weight loss goals
7 ways to boost your metabolism
10 ways you can exercise at home
10 ways to exercise while watching tv

more strategies
weight loss
nutrition
exercise



about

about fitwatch
contact fitwatch







 


fitwatch - making weight loss simple again
my philosophy?  eat better.  move more. believe in yourself.



















  


              










fitwatch helps you reach yourweight loss and fitness goals


most popular blog posts

hey there! coach suzanne here. check out these popular blog posts:


how to count calories to lose weight
two killer strategies to help you lose weight
calories in vs. calories out (cico) - the basic formula explained

more blog posts


don’t want to count calories?

we get it.  not everyone wants to count calories.  that’s why fitwatch.com is much more than a calorie counter.  you can use our tools and calculators to reach your weight loss goals without tracking your calories


weight loss percentage calculator
calorie deficit calculator
weight loss target date

more calculators


latest weight loss & fitness tips

forget diets! the way to lose weight is to make changes you can live with for the rest of your life.
fitwatch has lots of tips and tricks to help you eat better, move more and believe in yourself!

exercise tips & strategies
see all the elements of weight loss on one page.  click on an element to see if it can help you reach your weight loss goals:  elements of weight loss
check out the latest tips







search your favorite food


 search



popular:
avocado,
              banana,
              celery,
              eggs,
              orange,
              red wine









popular calculators
weight loss percentage calculator
calculate the percentage of weight loss just like they do on nbc's the biggest loser.
weight loss target date calculator
plug in the amount of weight you want to lose and this calculator will give you 5 different daily calorie goals plus how long it'll take to reach your goal weight.
body fat percentage calculator
there's more to weight loss than just a number on the scale.  body composition is important. calculate your body fat % with this easy-to-use calculator.
calorie deficit calculator
calculate how many calories you should be eating in a day to lose weight.
calories per meal calculator
one way to ward off hunger, curb cravings and turn your body into a fat-burning machine is to frequently eat several small meals a day.


top articles
how to count calories to lose weight
a 5 step “blueprint” to lose weight by counting calories, covering how many calories you should eat in a day to lose to carb/protein/fat ratios, and more.
10 ways you can exercise at home without equipment
now you have no more excuses! here are 10 great exercises that you can do at home, without the need for any equipment:
7 ways to boost your metabolism — and burn fat fast
whether you’re trying to lose weight or just wanting to maintain your sleek physique, boosting your metabolism to a higher rate is always a good idea.
10 ways to exercise while watching tv
 if tv is an addiction for you, you can easily remedy the situation by trying out these 10 ways to exercise while watching tv.



bmr calculator


















weight


lbs



height




ft
in



age





your bmr is





calculate
reset











© 2025 fitwatch, all rights reserved

terms of  service|disclaimers|privacy policy




×
log in





×
oh snap! authentification failed.
      
email / username

password


 keep me logged in
      


login
forgot your password? 




×
sign up for your free account



        fill out the form below to create your free fitwatch account and get ready for an eye-opening experience in tracking your food and exercise.
        learn more


×
oh snap! registration failed.
    





email

username


password

confirm password






 yes! please send me weekly weight loss and fitness tips!
        
by clicking on register you agree to the terms of service.
register

























