

law office of erik bjornson - tacoma divorce lawyer











 






















 
 
  











"mr. bjornson quickly resolved a most difficult divorce while i was in the military and stationed in another state. my life is back to normal now."
- capt. k. grahamu.s. army




 
attorney erik bjornson has been practicing as a divorce lawyer in tacoma, pierce county for 21 years as a family law attorney in the following areas:- divorce- parenting plan- child support- paternity issues- relocation issues- mediation- property and debt division issues
 
he have appeared in court hundreds upon hundreds of times assisting client with their issues and settled countless cases through negotiations.a full 100 percent of his legal practice is handling family law issues, nothing else.his goal is to listen to clients and deliver effective and cost efficient high quality legal services, focusing on maximizing results either through mediation, negotiation or litigation, whichever is appropriate for the circumstance.  many cases can be resolved amicably through settlement without a contested court hearing.
attorney bjornson offers a free initial telephone consultation to discuss your divorce case at (253) 272-1434. 
because there is often so much a stake in a dissolution, it is extremely important that your case is handled skillfully and professionally as attempting to correct mistakes at a later date can be very difficult and costly.
 








 
 
the law office of erik bjornson focuses exclusively on family law issues in order to maximize results for clients.
this office also represent clients who reside out of state with pending dissolution, divorce, or child support issues in washington. 
in addition to representing civilians, he also represent active and retired members of the military. 
there are special issues and protective laws that must be considered for those in the military or who are retired from the military. many clients have at one time been stationed at joint base lewis-mcchord near tacoma.
see also the seven myths concerning military divorce in washington state
 
the law office of erik bjornson has personally have over 20 years of experience practicing in the following courts:

washington state supreme court
washington state court of appeals
all washington state superior courts including pierce county, king county, thurston county, spokane, kitsap county, and lincoln county.

here are is his the current and past professional memberships

washington state bar association
washington state trial lawyers (wstla)
pierce county family law section
family law section of washington state bar association
american trial lawyer association (atla)
tacoma pierce county bar association
washington state bar association no. 25204       

the office is conveniently am located in downtown tacoma near the pierce county courthouse
please contact the law office of erik bjornson for a free initial telephone consultation at (253) 272-1434
for more information, please email (erik bjornson) at ebjornson@msn.com.
 
testimonial: 
"although i had been married a great many years, mr. bjornson was able to settle my divorce case with each of us receiving an equal share of the assets with no maintenance being awarded. i was able to keep all of my military retirement."*
- col. (ret) c. sweeneyu.s. army
 
 
tacoma divorce lawyer in washington















law office of erik bjornson
attorney at law
615 commerce st. suite 204
tacoma, wa 98402
phone (253) 272-1434
email: ebjornson@msn.com


call for a free initial telephone consultation (253) 272-1434

  © law office of erik bjornson. all rights reserved 









 

