












stand up for the bwca | friends of the boundary waters






















































skip to content


stop foreign mining companies from polluting lake superior and the boundary waters.  take action






friends of the boundary waters







 
 
 

menu



 
 
 close






explore


overview


plan a trip


find a route


boundary waters permits


trip resources


overview


how to pack for a canoe trip


gear guide


eating and drinking


5 boundary waters breakfast ideas


5 boundary waters lunch ideas


7 delicious boundary waters dinner ideas


wilderness first aid


5 essential knots


navigation


how to portage and paddle


wilderness ethics


outfitters


boundary waters ebook


recorded webinars




beyond the paddle


overview


explore quetico






education


overview


educator resources


school visits


educational & guided canoe trips




sulfide mining


overview


twin metals


polymet


lake superior-bwca mega mine


our work


overview


thriving communities






get involved


overview


take legislative action


overview


sign the petition




prove it first


overview


citizen action network


support prove it first




become a volunteer


land conservation


attend an event




membership and giving


overview


become a member


workplace and stock donations


gift memberships & memorials


legacy giving


merchandise store






blog


store


about


overview


our team




contact


search


donate















since 1976
victory is temporary  defeat is forever
trump has vowed to roll back hard-won victories that protect the boundary waters from toxic sulfide mining, and congress is preparing to push through legislation that would be a gift to foreign mining interests. 
we’ve stopped them before. with your support, we will stop them again.

learn more








stop toxic mining near the boundary waters
two proposed copper-sulfide mines — polymet and twin metals — risk contaminating some of the cleanest water on earth and permanently polluting the bwca. if these mines open, they would produce acid mine drainage and cause irreparable harm to our beloved wilderness. learn more about how we are beating back these toxic mines and how you can join a movement.

join the fight











plan your boundarywaters adventure
from a searchable route library with bwca maps to information on permits, we have the resources you need to explore the boundary waters. with more than 1,100 lakes, 1,200 miles of canoe routes, a dozen rugged hiking trails and over 1.1 million acres, the bwca offers endless opportunities for adventure. 

start planning











thriving communities
the future of the bwca is deeply tied to the economic prosperity and wellbeing of the communities that surround the boundary waters. we work with local businesses, organizations, and individuals on projects that build thriving communities to ensure people have a stable and viable livelihood.

learn more











wilderness education that promotes equity in the wild
young people who grow up in our hyper-connected, digital world need the wilderness more than ever. through our no boundaries to the boundary waters program, we introduce students from diverse backgrounds and underserved communities to the splendors of the wilderness, both in the classroom and through week-long trips into the bwca.

find out how








upcoming events











		february 10 – 17, 2025
	
| virtual classrooms & multiple locations across minnesota
		
boreal stargazing week
join us for a week of free activities tailored for students, families, and friends that will immerse you in learning…

 






		february 19, 2025
	
| pryes brewing, 1401 west river rd n., minneapolis
		
bwca trivia at pryes brewing minneapolis
join us at pryes brewing for a night of boundary waters trivia and fantastic craft beer!…

 






		february 24, 2025
	
| minnesota senate building room 2308 – 95 university ave w, st paul.
		
a hearing on the boundary waters
join us for a public hearing at the minnesota state capitol to hear witnesses state reasons to protect water from…

 






		february 27, 2025
	
| minneapolis bouldering project – upstairs mezzanine
		
threats of copper sulfide mining – presentation
learn about copper-sulfide mining’s threat to minnesota’s water, february 27 at minneapolis bouldering project.

 




explore our blog
breaking news, in-depth stories, tips for wilderness travel, and insights into america’s most popular wilderness area.

all articles









february 11, 2025
|
					uncategorized
													
the wilderness engineer
designer josh brautigam left his government job to create wilderness gear inspired by minnesota’s boundary waters, where extreme winters and…

 





january 28, 2025
|
					people
													
from pedals to paddles
when mike quirk set off on an epic, 1,300-mile bike ride last summer to raise money for friends of the…

 





january 13, 2025
|
					recreation
													
start planning your 2025 bwca trip now!
it’s time to start planning for your summer boundary waters adventure. explore the most complete online collection of bwca resources.

 



how to help

the wilderness needs people. it needs you. learn more about how you can give back to the boundary waters.

donate
get involved





friends of the boundary waters wilderness acknowledges that the land and water we are dedicated to protecting is on the traditional homelands of the anishinaabe people, who continue to live in the area and exercise treaty rights on this land and water. we humbly work to honor this living history and learn how the anishinaabe relationship with this land and water continues to grow and evolve. together, we strive to build mutual respect, trust and understanding around what it means to protect the boundary waters.








keep a pulse on the boundary waters. subscribe to our newsletter.
sign up







land acknowledgement


press room


careers


trip resources


legal and scientific resources


podcast




chip in to protect the boundary waters
you are the future of the wilderness and of clean water.
donate




2550 university ave. w.
suite 180 s
st. paul, mn 55114

612.332.9630
info@friends-bwca.org



ely office
8 e. sheridan st.
ely, mn 55731

218.235.3233






				© copyright 2025 friends of the boundary waters wilderness
web design by plaudit design




instagram


twitter


facebook


youtube


linkedin





sitemap


privacy policy


terms of use















































































