





inter agency council of developmental disabilities agencies (iac)








































			skip to content		












home
membership
events
committees
transportation
training
contacts
 


 



















navigation menu

 

 













			navigation menu					






home
membership
events
committees
transportation
training
contacts
 


 














welcome to the inter agency council
neurodiversity rules
our over 160 member organizations are new york’s leading not-for-profit providers of support for people with intellectual and developmental disabilities.
we are proud to champion them in shaping a world where neurodiversity is not only tolerated but valued.
 













our vision





a better future for all





the goal of a society that appreciates and encourages all, whatever their differences or disabilities, is within reach. while there is much we still don’t know about brain, body, and behavior, we know more all the time about how to support and encourage people with challenges.
the dramatic improvements of recent years—the doubling of life expectancy for people with disability, for one thing— inspire us all to do more. we envision a new landscape of possibilities in which everyone gets the supports they need to realize their potential.
we look forward to a time when inclusion will be taken for granted.












our power





leveraging strengths





for our member organizations, ‘leading agencies’ isn’t a boast but a commitment. together they have advanced the state of care considerably in just a few decades, and today apply their invaluable shared knowledge, experience and insight to address new challenges.
at the same time, many provider organizations struggle to meet growing needs with inconsistent or inadequate funding. fortunately, those who approach their jobs as a calling as well as a career take overcoming obstacles to be part of the job. they know that being connected increases their effectiveness and accelerates innovation.












our value





a place to problem solve





we approach problems as opportunities—whether a chance to be helpful to our members or advocate on their behalf. the experienced iac team is always ready to help with a an almost infinite variety of operational issues. our technical assistance is a tailored resource for our members and can be a lifeline for smaller agencies.
we stand ready to do what we can—with something as simple as providing needed information, stepping up to help resolve a complex matter with government or clarifying regulatory issues.












our future





a platform for innovation






re-inventing and re-invigorating a field that supports people once defined by low expectations is our shared work-in- progress. to improve lives for people with often complex and imperfectly understood conditions is seldom simple or easy. better supports are often more affordable in the long run, and our member organizations are determined to do more than upgrade traditional offerings.





as catalysts we can help them:

shape new models of care
explore new ways of integrating technology
forge new alliances with the private sector
advance the use of data
create changes that will ensure system sustainability

the future demands this of us!












advocacy





a voice for change





the goals of the disability movement are our goals. if impassioned advocacy has been vital in the past to overcoming prejudice and creating both awareness and opportunity, it will be just as important to the future.
iac is ideally positioned to speak up for our cause in a time of new opportunities as well as new threats. this movement did not help bring people in from the margins by being passive and accepting. we, like those we serve, are determined to look forward to more options, better funding and increasing recognition of the needs and potential of people with disabilities.












iac





leadership





executive team
winifred schiff, chief executive officer
mary knox, lcsw, chief operating officer






board officers:
lisa veglia – presidentmatthew sturiale, 1st vice presidentdahlian porter, 2nd vice presidenttibisay guzman – treasureromayra andino – secretaryedmund o’donnell – assistant secretarywalter stockton – alia representative





board members:
yvette b. andrejanis arisscott barkinmaria bediakorobert buddirene cavanaghrobert ciattomarco damianijosie davidefrank de lucia                                  eileen eganeric fentonryan garofalo





 
joanne gerenserthomas hopkinskathy kellykim kubasekadam lancerjoyce levingilbert louisthomas lydongail nachimsonkathleen nowakmargaret puddingtonmary rafferty





 
terri rossbryan rothensteinmonica santosjackie scarcellajoanne siegelmichael smithcelia solomitameyer wertheimer












iac





useful information






mail & phone:info@iacny.orgiac: 212-645-6360iats: 212-494-0006





address:150 west 30th street, 15th floornew york, ny 10001





contacts:media inquiries: wini schiff wini@iacny.orgtransportation: mary knox mary@iacny.orgmembership inquiries: jennie contuzzi jennie@iacny.orgtechnical assistance: info@iacny.orglegal counsel: rachel fernbach iaclegal@moritthock.com




 











 inter agency council of developmental disabilities agencies, inc. © 2023website by the abelson co.

 

 









 inter agency council of developmental disabilities agencies, inc. © 2023website by the abelson co.

 

 


























