



  








warsaw - local life | your free travel guide to warsaw, poland
 





















login



warsaw















warsaw rises 

 photo:   lazienki palace






 events map places articles restaurants weather taxi 




local lifewarsaw








warsaw - poland's capital - has shrugged off its dour eastern bloc image, and is finally showing its true colours. the vibrant heart of the largest country in "new europe", warsaw is now poised to make is presence felt as a business and cultural hub. not your tip-of-the-tongue tourist destination, the city is all the better for it, with its uncontrived but cosmopolitan choice of restaurants, hotels & apartments, cafes, bars & pubs, shops and places to have fun. read more 









restaurants

101






hotels

60






pubs & clubs

60






shopping

28






entertainment

23






culture

56






services

32





+ add place









upcoming events in warsaw






2nd
sep


#other



tue
2
									sep																	



15th world pathology,digital pathology &...


 abu dhabi, uae

we are pleased to extend our cordial invitation to you for the 15th world pathology, digital pathology & cancer... read more » 


 

see all










latest articles







guide history

the warsaw ghetto



						updated 22nd oct						•
						 4 min 
													•
							
							605											










places things to do

wilanow - the legacy of a warrior king



						updated 8th apr						•
						 2 min 
													•
							
							1											










guide history

the legends of warsaw



						updated 21st feb						•
						 4 min 
													•
							
							24											





more articles







local life warsaw brings you a general guide section of information, the latest news, as well as tips, suggestions about travel and money, a city centre  warsaw map, guide and introduction to culture to get you off on the right foot. we try to keep it light-hearted but accurate, with our first-hand, no-nonsense descriptions of what to expect of all the places mentioned on the site.
whether you're just booked your travel or are already in this great city, we're sure we can help you make the very best of your stay. we look forward to passing on all the best information and advice about this wonderful city, including the best warsaw hotels and apartments, so that you'll be able to enjoy it here as much as we do! in order to get your trip off to the best start, we can also take care of your airport transfer with immediate quote and instant booking at a reasonable price.
we value your comments and suggestions - so get in touch and let us know what you think about poland's capital, what you'd like to see on this website, and any other great bits of information you think we should know about. or just drop us a line if you'd like personal help with anything from general advice about travel to poland, or help with booking a hotel room...
join us in the country's capital in poland's delightful second city, cracow, (also called 'krakow'), the baltic beauty of gdansk, the silesian jewel of wroclaw, greater poland's capital poznan, or at the weekends in zakopane, poland's mountain resort! or go further afield and visit barcelona - we've got you covered in so many great cities right across europe!
there's a bossy charm to warsaw - it has the big city character you'd expect of a capital, and a skyline to prove it - one that's dominated by modern skyscrapers and the gotham city-like palace of culture. there's no escaping the fast pace of business, sophisticated nightlife and elegant dining. it even has its own old town, rebuilt to perfection after the ravages of war. don't come here to relax - discover the energy of one of europe's great survivors! 

quicklinks



									warsaw airport								



									vistula river								



									car rental								



									property & real estate								



									business								



									internet cafes								



									consulates & embassies								



									gay warsaw								



									chopin 2010								



									warsaw film festival								



									annual events								



									euro 2012								



									polish cinema								



									museums								



									theatres								



									cinemas								



									palace of culture								



									market square								



									polish food								



									universities								



									warsaw tours								



									luxury hotels								



									warsaw stags								



									nightlife								



									monaco property								



									moscow life								



									tallinn life								



									zakopane hotels								



									krakow real estate								



									tarnow								



									hotel rialto warsaw								



									wroclaw map								



									warsaw poland								



									careers with us								



									warsaw legends								



									warsaw pact								



									warsaw ghetto								



									warsaw 1944 rising								













									local life warsaw								

guidearticleseventsnewsforumphotosmapweather 





									places
								



restaurants

										(101)
									


hotels

										(60)
									


pubs & clubs

										(60)
									


shopping

										(28)
									


entertainment

										(23)
									


services

										(32)
									


culture

										(56)
									








									about & contact
								




										about us
									



										advertise on local life
									



										partners
									



											iphone app & pdf
										



											resources
										



										contact
									



																			+48 693 275 035
																	


contact@local-life.com









privacy policy | terms and conditions


						all rights reserved 2002-2025 © lifeboat ltd.
					





















