
raqs - middle eastern dance - with kashmir
















raqs - the heart of belly dance®
raqs (arabic for dance) as raqs sharqi or raqs beledi
is the underpinning of modern belly dance


classes
belly dance is ...
safe dance
contact



are you interested in a challenge that improves fitness and self-image and lets you explore a new culture? ever wanted to try belly dance? why not now?
join kashmir as she shares the secrets of real belly dance movement (it's in the hips and abs); introduces the sounds and rhythms of the middle east; dispels myths; and provides an opportunity for laughter and achievement.




belly dance - information for the aficionado - for example:

history - for the dance, famous dancers and background events
how tos - from making a skirt to finding a teacher
selected moves - just the basics





learn to belly dance

8 wk beginner courses
(south brighton studio)
tba
contact me!





classes

here is the full timetable





which belly dance class for you?
there areseveral choices 





belly raqs on youtube

a range of short videos on exploring the heart of belly dance
- facts, terminology, sources, myth busting.
a new video every sunday.
(list of videos)







raqs or raks?

you will see both on belly dance websites
which is better?
now on youtube




lounge talk

3 minutes on "what is belly dance"







bellyraqs - services for the general public - for example:

join a class with kashmir (christchurch, nz)
hens' night fun - playshops with kashmir
hire a dancer - parties, galas, and celebrations




kashmir - creator of this site

about kashmir - background and training - and photos
opinions and blog
			including what is a shimmy and
			how to shimmy.

contact kashmir




middle eastern background - for example:

different dance styles - far more than just belly dance
traditional clothing
arabic language - a few words and phrases




safe dance practice - for example:

safe dancing tips
glossary of terms
pregnancy and dance




... and lots more

humour
photos from egypt 2009 and 2003
site index - plenty to explore






yalla, explore the world of raqs



 like on facebook

you might find the site index useful (or for latest changes - the site history)
if you like the site - let you friends know. if you find problems let 
me know.
photos, graphics, and text are all by kashmir (unless otherwise noted). please
give credit if using any of them.




 




© copyright 2002-2022





