


 this week on between the lines - btl            
    

























abouthistory and who we aresqueaky wheel productionsprivacy policyrecent programscurrent year audio archiveprevious years’ audio archivesbroadcast scheduleunited states broadcast schedulessatellite and radio networks broadcast schedulesinternational broadcast schedulesfor radio stationscurrent broadcast quality mp3information for affilliatesweb featuresweb features and special reportsprogressive resourcessupport btlvolunteer

search
sunday, february 16, 2025podcastsrss



























sign inwelcome! log into your accountyour usernameyour password
forgot your password? get helpprivacy policypassword recoveryrecover your passwordyour email
a password will be e-mailed to you. 

btl
a weekly radio newsmagazinetimely, in-depth, progressive analysis since 1991a weekly public affairs radio program

donate 


abouthistory and who we aresqueaky wheel productionsprivacy policyrecent programscurrent year audio archiveprevious years’ audio archivesbroadcast scheduleunited states broadcast schedulessatellite and radio networks broadcast schedulesinternational broadcast schedulesfor radio stationscurrent broadcast quality mp3information for affilliatesweb featuresweb features and special reportsprogressive resourcessupport btlvolunteer
between the lines – feb. 12, 2025 – full showphyllis bennis: trump doubles down on his criminal plan to ethnically cleanse palestinians from gazaamanda marcotte: elon musk’s technofascist army illegally working to eliminate multiple federal agenciespraisely mcnamara: nationwide ‘50501’ anti-trump protests mobilize to protect democracy from trump-musk coupbob nixon: this week’s under-reported news summary – feb. 12, 2025 
subscribe to our podcast subscribe to our email list: posted feb 12, 2025trump doubles down on his criminal plan to ethnically cleanse palestinians from gazainterview with phyllis bennis, a fellow at the institute for policy studies, conducted by scott harrisposted feb 12, 2025elon musk’s technofascist army illegally working to eliminate multiple federal agenciesinterview with amanda marcotte, author and senior politics writer with salon.com, conducted by scott harrisposted feb 12, 2025nationwide ‘50501’ anti-trump protests mobilize to protect democracy from trump-musk coupinterview with praisely mcnamara, an organizer of the feb. 5, 50501 anti-trump protest in hartford, ct, conducted by melinda tuhusposted feb 12, 2025this week’s under-reported news summary – feb. 12, 2025compiled by bob nixongermany’s afd migration bill failsmāori protesters turn their backs on right-wing ministersnew orleans nurses call strike coinciding with super bowlrecently on between the linesback in the white house, trump launches spiteful white supremacist policy agendaposted feb 05, 2025
donald trump, who’s only been back in the white house for a little over two weeks, has catapulted the nation into a major crisis....after gaza ceasefire, israel’s military launches new deadly offensive in occupied west bankposted feb 05, 2025
barely 48 hours after the israel-hamas ceasefire in gaza came into effect on jan. 19,  the israeli defense force announced "operation iron wall," a...rfk jr. poses grave danger to u.s. public if confirmed as hhs secretaryposted feb 05, 2025
after his november election win, donald trump put forward a number of outrageously unqualified nominees who lacked any experience or skills for key positions...this week’s under-reported news summary – feb. 5, 2025posted feb 05, 2025on jan. 29, goma, a city of two million people on the eastern edge of the democratic republic of congo, or drc, fell to...public citizen's lisa gilbert describes why the trump-musk department of government efficiency 'doge' is actually a federal ...  special featureresistance begins now! zweig and nichols chart our course
january 11, 2025michael zweig, economist and labor historian, and john nichols, national affairs correspondent with the nation magazine, discuss the very fraught road ahead in age of government by oligarch, but point toward strategies for push back and potential victories, both local and national. recorded at the wpkn radio studios in bridgeport, ct.panel:  scott harris, richard hill and ruthanne baumgartner
read moresupport giving voiceto progressive ideasplease donate nowweb featuresin depthcounterpoint february 10, 2025phyllis bennis: trump’s criminal plan to ethnically cleanse gazaamanda marcotte: elon musk’s technofascist ‘bro’ hackers illegally attempting to eliminate multiple federal agenciesderek w. black: trump’s targeting of education department could eliminate dozens of federal programs for millions of students nationwidekay evert and sydney: thousands oppose trump regime 2.0 in ‘50501’ nationwide protestsspecial reportsresistance roundtable: how democrats lost the working classposted dec 14, 2024vivek chibber, professor of sociology at new york university, presents a class analysis of the nov. 5 election, noting that the democratic party had...youth and elders call on gov. hochul to sign the climate change superfund actposted dec 14, 2024
on tuesday and wednesday, dec. 10-11, about 100 climate activists occupied a new york state capitol reception room to urge gov. kathy hochul to...what’s in store for the working class in 2025?posted dec 02, 2024
the monthly labor report's first broadcast after the nov. 5 election: michael zweig, economist and labor historian, discusses the role labor must play in...monthly labor report  —  #13 the texas afl-cio is going strong by...posted dec 01, 2024
leonard aguilar, secretary-treasurer of the texas afl-cio talks about the strategies and prospects for this massive organized labor body.hosted by michael zweig and richard...facebook feedbetween the lines radio newsmagazinetimely, in-depth progressive news and views underreported in mainstream, corporate media btlonline.org, distributed by 501 (c) (3) tax-exempt organization squeaky wheel productions at http://squeakywheel.net.between the lines radio newsmagazine1 day agomusk seeks not only to dismantle the federal government, but to install his own technological vision of the future at its heart — techno-fascism by chatbot. https://www.newyorker.com/culture/infinite-scroll/elon-musks-ai-fuelled-war-on-human-agency #musk #technofascism #aielon musk’s a.i.-fuelled war on human agencymusk seeks not only to dismantle the federal government but to install his own technological vision of the future at its heart—techno-fascism by chatbot.view on facebookbetween the lines radio newsmagazine2 days agobecause trump and musk aren’t using doge, a federal advisory committee to serve the public interest of americans and responsibly transition federal agencies before they shutter or staff them with unqualified loyalists, we need a #shadow government, as is done in england. #stopdoge #doge #stopmusk #muskisirresponsibleview on facebookbetween the lines radio newsmagazine3 days agothe most under-reported story about doge: on inauguration day, public citizen, a public interest research group founded by the renowned citizen advocate ralph nader, a nonprofit and the government workers labor union sued elon musk's department of government efficiency for violating federal transparency laws. 

here, public citizen's co-president lisa gilbert describes in detail how doge is only a federal advisory group (not created by congress), which is mandated to follow several requirements in the federal advisory committee act. doge must hold public meetings with timely public notice, balanced perspectives, and keep records and minutes, among other requirements. 

as we've seen in the three weeks since, doge's physical intrusions into government offices, taking control of federal payments, firing staff, shutting down usaid and the consumer financial protection bureau and dismantling other major agencies without public notification are egregious violations. #doge #dogesuedview on facebookbetween the lines radio newsmagazine4 days agolet's remember, diversity, equity and inclusion programs are not about quotas where hiring requirements must have a certain percentage of staff from "unqualified minority groups." that's simply a lie.

"even as far and as radical as he is being, (trump's) not saying there’s not a problem with inequality. he’s just saying these remedies are bad. we shouldn’t look at these remedies.

so we should reground people. do we care about equality? lincoln’s gettysburg address, he talked about we are dedicated to the proposition that all are created equal.

are we still so dedicated? and i would start the dinner conversations — the neighbors, the friends conversations with that, there’s profound inequality. do we still care? and are we going to do anything about it. and then we can talk about what’s the particular remedy. and so it remains the case that most people of color do see a lot of the racism that’s out there and want this to be a multi-racial democracy.

a lot of the conversation is a lot of whites want this to be a multiracial democracy. and that’s still the majority of people. but to the extent that the fight is not engaged and called out and people summoned to their highest and best selves, then we will continue to erode the votes, the margins that we have had." --steven phillips, host of the democracy in color podcast and best-selling author of "how we win the civil war: securing a multiracial democracy and ending white supremacy for good.” #deiback in the white house, trump launches spiteful white supremacist policy agendasteve phillips, best-selling author and host of the democracy in color podcast, examines donald trump’s unabashed racism and american voter’s long history of support for white supremacist political leaders.view on facebookbetween the lines radio newsmagazine5 days ago"our lawsuit  (filed on jan. 20) – which we filed jointly with afge, the government employees’ union, and states defending democracy fund – simply says that the so-called department of government efficiency must comply with the requirements of the federal advisory committee act.

"despite its name, doge is not a department of the u.s. government, as announced by donald trump and as reinforced in the executive actions they issued on day 1. this is an entity that will be advising and so there are a number of requirements that go along with having a federal advisory committee: you have to have a fair balance of viewpoints. you have to have meetings that are held in public and with public notice. you need to have publicly transparent records and work product. so all of these requirements are things that if not happening, make doge in violation of the federal advisory committee act, so we are suing on those grounds."

musk is not overstepping his bounds, not acting like an advisory committee

#stopmusktrump-musk 'doge' advisory group sued for violating federal transparency lawlisa gilbert, co-president of public citizen, explains why trump and musk’s doge ‘government efficiency’ advisory group face lawsuits from public citizen and others.view on facebookbetween the lines radio newsmagazine5 days agobtlonline.orgview on facebookprogressive, independent analysissqueaky wheel productions, inc. is a tax-exempt 501(c)3 community media organization.  our weekly radio newsmagazine, between the lines, is supported by contributions from our listeners, and distributed to over 50 community radio stations and webcasting outlets.  please do your part to keep these voices and viewpoints on the air!make a donationabouthistory and who we aresqueaky wheel productionsprivacy policyrecent programscurrent year audio archiveprevious years’ audio archivesbroadcast scheduleunited states broadcast schedulessatellite and radio networks broadcast schedulesinternational broadcast schedulesfor radio stationscurrent broadcast quality mp3information for affilliatesweb featuresweb features and special reportsprogressive resourcessupport btlvolunteermore between the lines
select month february 2025 january 2025 december 2024 november 2024 october 2024 september 2024 august 2024 july 2024 june 2024 may 2024 april 2024 march 2024
podcastsrss
copyright ©  squeaky wheel productions, inc.
              

