










jordan school district | lead • educate • inspire





































 












main menu
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
mobile site view
parents & students

boundaries & bus stops
calendars
canvas access
family access (skyward)
general information
program information
registration & enrollment
student data privacy


faculty & staff

departments
directories
e-mail & apps
employee access (skyward)
employee news
professional development
services & resources


our schools

schools by area
elementary schools
middle schools
high/technical schools
special schools
virtual learning schools
school stories


resources

departments
directories
emergency info
facility use & rental
financial facts
forms & documents
policy manual
site map


board of education

board meetings
board members
board policies
bulletin board
committee assignments
current public notices
portrait of a graduate
voting district map


 


search






welcome to
jordan serves more than57,000 children living in thecommunities of bluffdale,copperton, herriman, riverton,south jordan and west jordan.
supercastfacebookxyoutubeinstagrame-mailcopper hills high concert choir shines at the umea mid-winter conferencetalented district students shine at utah all-state high school art showsupercast 283: building character through basketball at herriman highhidden valley middle teacher selected to participate in research programbingham high school cheer claims title of 6a all-girls state champions




post navigation
← older posts




national school resource officer appreciation day is saturday, february 15

posted on february 14, 2025 





















they serve and protect, getting to know students and staff in our schools, doing all they can to keep everyone safe. please join us in saying a big thank you to all of the dedicated school resource officers working in schools throughout jordan school district. these officers are valuable members of our school communities, always looking out for students, teachers, and staff. they are friends, mentors, and trusted adults working with school administrators to make sure all students can learn in a safe and supportive environment.




posted in school stories 




riverton high school students receive warm welcome heading to class on cold winter morning

posted on february 13, 2025 























despite the cold conditions outside, riverton high school students were all smiles as they received a really warm welcome arriving at school on thursday. riverton city mayor trent staggs, city council members, riverton police and fire, along with principal rochelle waite, school administrators, teachers, and staff were all there to greet students with words of encouragement. it was a way to show students support from the community and from those within their own school. the students received notes letting them know they are amazing and they all have what it takes to make it successfully to the end of the school year.
thanks to everyone who came out in the cold to let students know they are valued and their education is important to the entire community.



posted in employee news, school stories 




how you can play a role in preventing slips, trips, and falls

posted on february 13, 2025 


supercast episode 284
it’s that time of year when mother nature brings rain, sleet, snow, and ice in combinations that can create some slick conditions around our schools and buildings.
on this episode of the supercast, we talk to custodians who are constantly working throughout the day and sometimes into the night to prevent slips, trips, and falls for students, teachers, staff, and parents. listen and find out how you can help.

episode info & audio transcription for episode 284: how you can play a role in preventing slips, trips, and falls
previous episodes can be found at supercast.jordandistrict.org



subscribe to the jordan supercast on apple podcasts
subscribe to the jordan supercast on spotify
subscribe to the jordan supercast on amazon music
subscribe to the jordan supercast on pandora
subscribe in other podcatcher applications
subscribe to the jordan supercast via rss feed


https://dts.podtrac.com/redirect.mp3/media.blubrry.com/4586470/content.blubrry.com/4586470/284_how_you_can_play_a_role_in_preventing_slips_trips_falls.mp3



posted in supercast 




antelope canyon teacher goes above and beyond to make sure student battling cancer is part of her class, even when he’s hospitalized

posted on february 12, 2025 























it is a beautiful example of a teacher’s true love for her students, especially during the most difficult of times in their lives. when antelope canyon third-grade teacher megan dotson learned one of her students, lucas ellis, might be missing a lot of school because of his battle with cancer, she wanted to make sure he still felt a part of everything happening in her classroom. you see lucas, who has leukemia, loves school and wanted to be there, even when he had to be hospitalized for treatment or had to stay home.
so, ms. dotson did some research and found a non-profit which helps to keep kids with cancer connected to their classroom called “monkey in my chair.” the non-profit provided ms. dotson with a big stuffed monkey wearing a backpack and eye glasses just like lucas. the monkey, who the class named george, sits in lucas’ desk when he’s not at school, goes to lunch filling in for lucas, to the playground, the library, on field trips, or wherever the class goes.
ms. dotson documents it all and shares the class activities with lucas, whether he’s at home or hospitalized. george and kids in the class also wear “smile like lucas” t-shirts which ms. dotson designed hoping to inspire lucas to keep fighting and smiling. she sincerely wants lucas to feel the outpouring of love and support from everyone at school every single day.



posted in employee news, school stories 




elementary school choir brings movies to life with music

posted on february 12, 2025 


parents at sliver crest elementary were treated to a “night at the movies” by the school’s knight choir. students performed various pieces from famous movie scores. music teacher rinda clyde taught the students to play the bells and drums and tinikling, a traditional dance from the philippines, to go along with the songs.
way to go, ms. clyde, for creating such a fantastic experience for students and families.


















posted in school stories 



post navigation
← older posts





 


e-learning (canvas)
health & wellness
gradebook
lang. & culture faq
employment
suggestion/concerns



recent news & stories


national school resource officer appreciation day is saturday, february 15


riverton high school students receive warm welcome heading to class on cold winter morning


how you can play a role in preventing slips, trips, and falls


antelope canyon teacher goes above and beyond to make sure student battling cancer is part of her class, even when he’s hospitalized


elementary school choir brings movies to life with music


bingham high school cheer brings home big national championship title


copper hills high concert choir shines at the umea mid-winter conference


hidden valley middle teacher selected to participate in prestigious research program


talented jordan school district students shine at utah all-state high school art show


building character through basketball at herriman high school


 






7387 s. campus view drive | west jordan, ut 84084 | 801-567-8100 | contact us | terms of use | adaaa/non-discrimination | title ix | ©  





















 





