


candida page (c. albicans/yeast infection): books & links












candidapage.com - the candida page: books & links
candida albicans/candidiasis web sites
on the web since 1996

contents to sections below


sites by individuals
candida/yeast books
probiotics & enzymes books
allergy cookbooks
educational institutions/government




associations/organizations
products
commercial sites
testing
mailing lists/web forums



sites by individuals





here's a page that compares candida symptoms with gluten intolerance symptoms. you will find that they are very similar! here's a list of links on the gluten-free page.

jann weiss has written a compendium extrapolated from books on candida, allergies, leaky gut syndrome, gluten intolerance, chronic fatigue syndrome, and diet, as relates to alternative/complementary considerations in dealing with these problems.

jann weiss reports on the connection of candida albicans to the aldehyde detox pathway and the therapeutic use of molybdenum, a mineral supplement that activates the enzymes that metabolize nitrogen, sulfite, and some aldehydes.

rennie taylor has summarized three levels of the candida diet as found in the nutrition detective by nan fuchs.

here is a page with annotated links to other pages on the paleolithic diet. sometimes called the hunter/gatherer diet or caveman diet, this pre-agricultural diet is where our digestive systems have evolved to. it is very similar to the candida diet.

the paleofood recipe collection has many recipes. all have no grains, no gluten, no dairy, no beans/legumes, no refined sugar, and no other neolithic foods. most would be acceptable for people on a candida diet.

candidaexperts, founded by mel johnson, is an informative information heavy site for infections ranging from yeast, urinary, kidney and interstitial cystitis. it includes symptoms, home remedies and self-diagnosis of the common candida based conditions. recommended.

ian hart has put up candida cleansing [archive.org] with information on successfully removing candida overgrowth.

judy bayliss, the long-time listowner of the yeast-l mailing list, had a site on candida albicans. it has dr. crook's questionnaire, foods to avoid, information on the mailing list, book list, and more. [archive.org]

why is gluten excluded in candida diets? is an article by ron hoggan. here is the menu of all of his articles.

lisa richards has put up the candida diet where she documents her own struggle with candida, and how she beat her infection. there is a questionaire and a lot of information on foods to eat and to avoid. there are submitted stories, a forum, and recipes.

adrian sirop and michael saizu are developing the yeast infection treatment [archive.org]website. the site covers treatment, prevention, causes, symptoms, and diagnosis. the news and research section is now up. upcoming will be an interviews with experts section.

aleksandar ivanovic has developed a candida faq. very 
organized and comprehensive guide to resources. tries to cover various 
topics of interest for newcomers. [archive.org]

sarah vaughter and her husband operate articles in candida which mainly focuses on fungal infections. they try to document everything with independent scientific research. see the article bread, our daily poison (gluten sensitivity mistaken for candida). they do sell a few highly unconventional products that they developed.

karen tripp: candida recovery is a page on how she recovered from candida and did it on a 40 day program from a naturopathic doctor in coeur d'alene, idaho.

frank jenner's site chronic fatigue syndrome - one man's recovery [archive.org] also contains a lot of good information about candida, testing, etc.

lisa's yeast infection answers - home remedies, treatments and answers about candida and yeast [archive.org] covers her 15 year personal journey. she tries to teach people to take a wholistic approach to their health and yeast troubles by looking at the role of treatments, nutrition, probiotics, detox, and lifestyle choices.

dusan stojkovic has a page in sugar we trust [archive.org] which points out the negatives of sweetener consumption. also see candida - candidaisis homepage. also has info on bowel cleansing.

candida and the antibiotic syndrome by walter last gives some history and ends with some alternative suggestions.

miryam williamson has a page on a yeast elimination diet adapted from the yeast syndrome. [archive.org]

candida and probiotics by chris gregerson has information on the potential use of probiotic bacteria to prevent or treat gastrointestinal candida infection. mostly articles from peer-reviewed journals.

an anonymous site, sharp seniors, has an article with a focus on seniors: fungus among us [archive.org].



candida/yeast books
go to top








clicking on a thumbnail image will get you a larger image. to open a book in a new tab (easier for comparisons) hold down the ctrl key when you click the link. ordered by amazon ranking.


a collection of grain-free cookbooks can be found on the gf books page.



the body ecology diet: recovering your health and rebuilding your immunity by donna gates and linda schatz has a new way of combining and cooking foods. no more sugar, wheat, dairy, or alcohol. includes raw fermented vegetables. the book is an easy read, but lacks new information that is not readily available in other books or on the internet. the author favor certain foods and products, such as coconut water kefir, yet fails to thoroughly justify her preference for them. however, she does offer an excellent guide on making the coconut water kefir. throughout the book she refers you to her website, which promotes a myriad of products that are touted as miracle cures to everything from attention deficit disorder and autism to sexual dysfunction. it is made relevant by the numerous times that the book refers readers to it, instructing them to purchase some product that is necessary if you want to follow her diet. in other words, don't expect to be able to follow gates' version of the candida diet without purchasing items from her storefront, a well-stocked health food store, or amazon (see link in products section below).



the yeast connection: a medical breakthrough by william g. crook, first published in 1984, is the classic for diet, which includes fresh vegetables, fruits, homemade breads with flours from the health food stores, that are buckwheat, rice, etc. that have no wheat gluten or yeast in them.



chronic candidiasis: your natural guide to healing with diet, vitamins, minerals, herbs, exercise, and other natural methods by michael t. murray. contains very comprehensive, easy to understand information. the author is very thorough without going into overwhelming detail. a good book for the newly diagnosed to start with.



the candida cure: yeast, fungus & your health: the 90-day program to beat candida & restore vibrant health by ann boroch. the book is the most current and concise book on this subject. this practical and revealing work describes what candida is and how it can become out of balance as a result of using antibiotics, steroids, hormone replacement therapy, and chemotherapy as well as unmanaged stress levels and diets filled with sugar (white flour, dairy, refined sugar, and alcohol). the first three chapters describe what candida is, how disease starts in the gastrointestinal tract, and how poor nutrition adversely affects candida overgrowth. it also includes a candida health questionnaire. the remaining chapters lay out a 90-day program for beating candida and restoring vibrant health. diet, detoxification, and supplementation are covered in detail. user-friendly charts, recipes, meal ideas, and sample menus are included to make the program simple and effective. [kindle edition available.]



complete candida yeast guidebook, revised 2nd edition: everything you need to know about prevention, treatment & diet by jeanne marie martin and zoltan p. rona m.d. explains what candida is, its possible causes, symptoms of candida and related health problems, how to treat it naturally as well as through traditional medicine, and candida diet recipes.



the candida albican yeast-free cookbook: how good nutrition can help fight the epidemic of yeast-related diseases by pat connolly is the complete, authoritative guide that shows how nutrition can fight the epidemic of yeast- and fungus-related diseases and disorders including asthma, bronchitis, depression, fatigue, and memory loss. [kindle edition available.]



the bible cure for candida and yeast infections (bible cure series) by don colbert shares his insight on yeast infections and suggests cures to prevent them from weakening the immune system. included are scriptures and prayers. it has a flawless 5 rating at amazon. [kindle edition available.]



leaky gut syndrome by elizabeth lipski offers a comprehensive overview of the causes, symptoms and health recommendations of leaky gut syndrome and other digestive problems. has self-diagnosis chart. recommends treatments that are the standard throughout the alternative world for this problem.



feast without yeast: 4 stages to better health: a complete guide to implementing yeast free, wheat (gluten) free and milk (casein) free living by bruce semon was designed to be a 'family friendly' cookbook for people who are sensitive to yeast, as well as to wheat and milk. all recipes are completely free of yeast and fermented foods, and mostly free of milk, wheat, eggs and other common food allergens such as corn, soy, rye, nuts and peanuts. all of the recipes are kosher; all are sugar free, and most are cholesterol free and vegetarian.



the yeast connection cookbook: a guide to good nutrition and better health by william g. crook and marjorie jones is a companion to his yeast connection. in addition to 225 family and kitchen-tested recipes, the book discusses food contaminants and provides suggestions for obtaining safe foods. it also gives detailed instructions for detecting and overcoming food allergies. [kindle edition available.]



fungus link: an introduction to fungal disease including the initial phase diet by doug kaufmann. the book explains how fungal toxins disrupt and injure the body, and how to eliminate them. the diet has you abstain from sugar, cheese, most grains and white flour products. most reviews rave about the book.



the yeast connection and women's health by william g. crook. this update of dr. william crook's classic the yeast connection and the woman includes a new section on how yeast overgrowth can make you fat -- in addition to causing chronic illness. the 10-step yeast fighting plan described in the book will help you get rid of yeast and be on your way to better health fast. lots of reviews at amazon, and they are mixed.



the bible cure recipes for overcoming candida (bible cure (siloam)) by don colbert. easy to read and understand. has easy to make recipes. [kindle edition available.]



the candida control cookbook: what you should know and what you should eat to manage yeast infections (new revised & updated edition) by gail burton severely restricts many of the foods that make life pleasurable - all sugars, most fresh fruits, milk and milk products, white rice, barley, wheat, most cheeses, all alcohol and fizzy drinks, mushrooms, coffee and most flours. she wrote the book to help fellow sufferers reintroduce variety and taste into their otherwise bland diets - without sacrificing their health.



dr. jensen's guide to diet and detoxification: healthy secrets from around the world by bernard jensen argues you should be proactive in taking good care of your digestive track. the book has an 11 day detoxification program. his knowledge of iridology is unsurpassed.



the yeast connection handbook by william g. crook. the book is comprehensive, not only discussing a wide range of health disorders, but also addressing a wide range of sufferers, including men, women, and children. the book provides a step-by-step program that relieves health problems through dietary changes, nutritional supplements, medication, and simple lifestyle changes. [kindle edition available.]



power healing: use the new integrated medicine to cure yourself by leo galland. dr. galland believes that one's diet, exercise, habits, emotional life, physical environment, as well as one's intrinsic makeup and history (even one's developmental history in the womb!) should all be factored into any diagnosis, to interpret symptoms and suggest treatment. this he calls "patient-centered" diagnosis, to distinguish is from current practice, which might be called "disease-centered" diagnosis. he believes that many problems that are today attacked with a variety of over-the-counter and prescription drugs, or, more radically, with surgery, are really the result of imbalances in a person's life. some of these, such as diet, are rather easily correctable, and simple changes in eating habits, perhaps with a course of diet supplements, can reverse the course of what had been tenacious maladies. other problems, such as stress or loneliness, can impair immune function, but may sometimes be difficult to correct, intertwined as they are with a person's entire way of life. this book has many case studies that bring home the reality of all these issues, and form an entertaining narrative backbone to the discussion. [excerpt of review by james r. mccall]



the candida directory & cookbook: the comprehensive guidebook to yeast-free living by helen gustafson and maureen o'shea has a three stage diet, which is easily explained with common sense and science. there are many columns and lists of foods that are either good or bad.



the yeast syndrome: how to help your doctor identify & treat the real cause of your yeast-related illness by john p. trowbridge and morton walker. this book is actually a therapeutic step-by-step self-treatment manual and reference book for people who suffer from yeast overgrowth. includes questionnaire. many glowing anecdotes in the amazon reviews.



conquering yeast infections the non drug solution for men and women by s. colet lahoz examines causes and symptoms of candidiasis (systemic fungal infection) and provides a means for treating this complex problem. it provides a self-assessment questionnaire and presents relevant case studies.



allergy and candida cooking: understanding and implementing plans for healing by sondra kay lewis is a comprehensive, user-friendly cookbook and healing guide. it provides a healing action plan for both yeast overgrowth and food allergies. a 4-stage candida-control food plan and a 4-day rotational food plan are included with ample assistance for personalizing the plans to meet your needs. over 375 recipes and menus support the food plans and include helpful hints for preparing appetizing meals and snacks that are free of common allergens and free of foods that contribute to yeast overgrowth.



a primitive diet: a book of recipes free from wheat/gluten, dairy products, yeast and sugar: for people with candidiasis, coeliac disease, irritable bowel ... and those just wanting to become healthy by beverley southam. the book has recipes free from gluten, yeast, sugar, dairy products, large amounts of meat and grain, and processed foods. what did primitive man eat? he gathered fruits, berries, nuts, greens and roots from the soil. herbs were his medicine. he caught small animals, fish or birds, and found bird's eggs. recipes include fresh tomato soup, ceviche (a mexican dish), salsas, marinated fresh fruit, feast on fish in banana leaves, raw apple pie complemented with fresh drinks: strawberry crush, iced pineapple tea, orange and avocado smoothie. recipes are from around the world. included for those who miss their bread and cakes, there are recipes of dampers, pizza bases, cakes and cookies. this is an australian book. published august 28, 2008. amazon stocks.



the yeast-free kitchen: recipes to help you achieve victory over the yeast-beast, candida albicans by jane remington. this is a yeast-free recipe book with lots of tidbits and information. it has a flawless 5 rating at amazon. [kindle edition available.]



missing diagnosis by c. orian truss md. this is the 1985 edition, which outsells the second edition.



conquer candida and restore your immune system: a guide to the naturopathic science of healing by dr. jack tips has clinical research that shows you the three steps to a healthy immune system.



the candida albicans yeast-free cookbook (keats good health guides) by pat connolly has recipes that are designed to be sugar-free, and simple, tasty and healthy. covers the rainbow meal plan. each meal "includes small portions of seven food groups: complete protein; grain or legume; root vegetable; yellow or white vegetable; green vegetable; red, orange, or purple vegetable; and leafy green vegetable." the portions are all the same size. individuals may eat as many meals a day as they like, but each meal must contain equal-sized portions of each of the seven food groups. this is out-of-print, but many are available cheaply.



candida albicans: could yeast be your problem? by leon chaitow d.o. n.d. shows how to detect the effect of candida albicans and provides a comprehensive, drug-free program for its control. the book is an easily understood tool to present candida albicans to people who have never heard of it.



missing diagnosis ii by c. orian truss md. this is the sequel to his original book published in 1983. this book presents dr. truss' observations over the last 25 years on the diagnosis and treatment of chronic yeast infections. symptoms of chronic yeast illness are mistakenly attributed to stress, including fatigue, muscle and joint aches, depression, menstrual and libido problems, partial loss of short-term memory and concentration, and an intolerance to chemical odors (e.g. perfumes). the diet used by dr. truss, both for diagnosis and treatment, is published here for the first time. diet is a highly important element in the diagnosis and treatment of chronic illness related to the overgrowth of the fungus, candida albicans, as described in the missing diagnosis ii. this book was written especially for the patient and is easy to understand.



allergy & candida cooking made easy by sondra k. lewis, et al. the book explains candida and gives a list of possible symptoms, and then a list of what a candida sufferer should and should not eat, and information on ingredients that it uses in the recipes (free of sugar, yeast, wheat, corn, dairy and egg). it explains the connection between allergies and candida.



in allergies and candida by professor steven rochlitz one learns how 80-90% of "candida" is really protozoan parasitosis. and how parasites and viruses make the body permeable causing food and chemical allergies and all the subsequent symptoms. can also buy at the author's site.



10 natural treatments you haven't heard of until now by william wong and bruce stephen holms. i included this book as systemic yeast infections is one of the conditions that the author's approach aids in the recovery. the authors help people regain their strength and ability. the book includes charts and drawings to better explain dr. wong's treatment plans. included in the book is a brain improving recipe. this new edition adds four bonus treatments. there is also an older edition. the couple reviews give it 5 stars.



natures own candida cure (natural health guide) by william crook explains the relationship of candida to chronic illness and ways to control candida and regain lost health. includes lifestyle changes, dietary guidelines, and recipes illustrated by color photos.



how to detoxify & renew your body from within by valerie saxion. this is a 63-page pamphlet that is not worth the price. much of it is general information you might already know. if you are interested in this subject instead buy "how to feel great all the time" by the same author.



candida-related complex: what your doctor might be missing by christine winderlin extensively covers candida-related complex (crc), a condition that occurs when candida albicans, an organism found in all humans, multiplies out of control. a section on treatment covers the basics of recovery: a limited carbohydrate diet, prescribed antifungal medications, probiotics (i.e., "friendly" bacteria), and substances that naturally boost the immune system, such as vitamins a, c, and e.




the candida-yeast syndrome by ray c. wunderlich jr. a fast read (48 pages) and informative on diagnosing and treating yeast infections.



candida: a natural approach by karen brody a guide to natural methods for curing a troublesome ailment. there are case histories and recipes. this is out-of-print, but there are decent used ones for a reasonable price.



at amazon you can do a search on candida. now thousands of books will be found, all ranked by amazon. you can also search on yeast and even more, some extraneous, will be found.


probiotics & enzymes books
go to top



the probiotics revolution: the definitive guide to safe, natural health solutions using probiotic and prebiotic foods and supplements by gary b. huffnagle. this may be the best book on probiotics. the book is organized in 3 sections: the promise of probiotics, preventing and treating disease, and promoting microbial balance: what you can do. there are not many recipes. [kindle edition available.]



enzymes: what the experts know by tom bohager. this book throughly describes the role of enzymes therapy in restoring, promoting and maintaing optimal health. the topics covered in depth are as follows; definition of what an enzyme is, the 4 types, the history of enzyme therapy, animal vs plant-based enzyme therapy, the digestive system, the use of therapeutic enzymes, specific enzymes in therapy, determining enzyme potency, proper ph, the microlflora (bacteria) connection, the immune system, physical fitness, choosing the correct supplement, enzyme deficiency testing, proteases and their effect on probiotics and a discussion of glucoreductase. the amazon ratings average to about 4.5.



the wonder of probiotics: a 30-day plan to boost energy, enhance weight loss, heal gi problems, prevent disease, and slow aging (lynn sonberg books) by john r. taylor n.d. and deborah mitchell reveals how taking the right probiotics-in the form of food and supplements-as part of a daily revitalizing program for overall health or for specific health conditions -- can restore a healthy balance between friendly and "bad" bacteria in the intestinal tract. much more is in the product description. it gets a perfect 5 star rating at amazon.



bacteria for breakfast: probiotics for good health by kelly dowhower karpa, phd, rph. this resource explains, to laymen and physicians, how probiotics support immune function, prevent urogenital infections, and maintain good gastrintestinal health. it has a flawless 5 rating at amazon. [kindle edition available.]


everything you need to know about enzymes: a simple guide to using enzymes to treat everything from digestive problems and allergies to migraines and arthritis by tom bohager. bohager's quick course explains how to use enzymes for general good health and to treat specific ailments. for readers interested in improving digestion, strengthening the immune system, restoring energy levels, slowing the aging process, or treating common maladies. the couple of amazon reviews are 5s.



probiotic and prebiotic recipes for health: 100 recipes that battle colitis, candidiasis, food allergies, and other digestive disorders by tracy olgeaty gensler. foods that nourish these "good" bacteria are called prebiotics. this cookbook is organized by prebiotic and probiotic food recipes. each of the 100 tasty recipes include instructions for properly cooking and storing food to preserve optimal levels of good bacteria.


allergy cookbooks
go to top



gluten-free, sugar-free cooking: over 200 delicious recipes to help you live a healthier, allergy-free life by susan o'brien covers everything from breakfast to dessert. free of gluten, sugar, and usually dairy, these tasty dishes are also invaluable for people living with medical conditions such as candida, fibromyalgia, crohn's disease, diabetes, autism, and adhd, who must avoid certain foods to better control their symptoms. complete with product sourcing information, substitute ingredients, dining out advice, and online resources. no compromises on ingredients, all of which can be found at the local health food store. there are lots of raving reviews at amazon. [kindle edition available.]


the allergy self-help cookbook: over 350 natural foods recipes, free of all common food allergens: wheat-free, milk-free, egg-free, corn-free, sugar-free, yeast-free by marjorie hurt jones is a comprehensive kitchen resource for overcoming food allergies. has information on the rotation diet, about how extended exposure to foods increases sensitivity. provides alternative foods, information about food groups (needed when planning a rotation diet), alternatives to sugar (agave nectar, maple or date sugar), how to use alternative flours (amaranth, quinoa, buckwheat, teff). many recipes contain nuts, peanuts, seafood or grains.



sugar-free gluten-free baking and desserts: recipes for healthy and delicious cookies, cakes, muffins, scones, pies, puddings, breads and pizzas by kelly keough shows readers how to bring taboo treats back to the baking sheet with savory recipes that swap wheat for wholesome alternatives like quinoa, arrow root and tapioca starch and trade in sugar for natural sweeteners like agave, yacon and stevia. the only negative at amazon is the ingredients are expensive. [kindle edition available.]



food allergy survival guide: surviving and thriving with food allergies and sensitivities by vesanto melina, dina aronson, and jo stepaniak. the book: know the difference between food allergy, food intolerance and food sensitivity; test for allergies; avoid the foods and ingredients that trigger reactions; information about medical conditions; maintain a healthy intestinal boundary; understand the latest food labeling regulations; and create menus that meet your nutritional requirements. over 100 recipes by uncheese specialist jo stepaniak redefine the notion that allergy-free means flavor-free. this is a vegan book.



allergy-free cookbook: no eggs, no dairy, no nuts, no gluten by alice sherwood. most recipes eliminate only one or at most two of the allergens listed on the cover, and nearly all are built around plain everyday ingredients like milk, wheat, and eggs. each recipe contains a sidebar with suggestings for eliminating other ingredients. a baking recipe calling for milk and eggs, for example, has a sidebar saying to avoid eggs by using commercial egg replacer, to replace milk with a non-dairy substitute, etc. however, if you make all the substitutions the result is not very good.



the complete food allergy cookbook: the foods you've always loved without the ingredients you can't have! by marilyn gioannini. the first few chapters help those just starting with food allergies. they cover using different types of flours in baking and breadmaking, information for substitutions in recipes, and how to create new recipes from your old recipes using foods you aren't allergic to. every recipe has a list of variations that can be used with that recipe in case you can't use it exactly as is. although there are a few gluten free recipes, spelt and kamut are used often. some of the recipes have soy, egg or nuts in them (pecans and other nuts and seeds are used as replacements for thickeners and flour).



allergy cooking with ease: the no wheat, milk, eggs, corn, and soy cookbook by m. dumke nicolette contains over 250 original, family-tested, delicious recipes using a wide variety of flours and includes both vegetarian recipes and those made with a variety of unusual sources of protein. recipes can be found for those special foods, such as pizza, ice cream, and hamburger buns. also timesaving tricks, allergen avoidance index, and index to the recipes by major grains or grain alternatives are included. warning: many recipes use goat cheese and have no substitute. all of the recipes omit the foods listed in the title. some of the ingredients are exotic, but you may not have a choice when omitting so many foods.



healthful eating: a cookbook for those with candida, celiac disease & diabetes by lynette j hall. this cookbook features over 200 recipes full of taste and variety that meet the dietary needs of people with candida and celiac disease, expanding waistlines and diabetes. the recipes are easy to prepare. the single amazon review is a 5.


educational institutions/government
go to top






molecular microbiology of candida albicans from dr. jan schmid.

yeast (fission, and candida). this section of the virtual library describes the yeast model organisms: saccharomyces cerevisiae (budding, bakers' and sometimes brewers'), schizosaccharomyces pombe (fission), and candida albicans. from stanford u. genetics research. a loaded site.

what are yeast? an introduction from stanford u.

the candida albicans physical map website. a loaded site with many pages. heavy into genetics. from the institute for candida experimentation at the university of minnesota.

the faculty of pharmacy lille (france) has a page on candida albicans. it gets into cultivation in vitro. then morphological changes due to environmental condition alteration. then interpretation of the experimental results by means of catastrophe theory. [archive.org]

from the neolithic revolution to gluten intolerance: benefits and problems associated with the cultivation of wheat [archive.org], by luigi greco. a history of gluten intolerance and why it is so common.

page on vaginal diseases from university of iowa's virtual hospital [archive.org]. their current list: health information topic categories a-z.

fungal genome resources menu [archive.org]. has links. from the uk.



associations/organizations
go to top


is the lack of concurrence of bacterial vaginosis and vaginal candidosis explained by the presence of bacterial amines? is an abstract of an article from the american journal of obstetrics and gynecology.

arthritis and rheumatism alternatives claims candidiasis is a common contributor to the disease of rheumatoid arthritis. from the arthritis fund.

the price-pottenger nutrition foundation has chronic fatigue syndrome and the yeast connection by william g. crook, m.d. also they have chronic fatigue by tom cowan, md. [articles now in archive.org]

the national candida society in the uk has a register of practitioners specialising in candida. plus the usual information.

candida - candidaisis homepage covers some of all of it. at a site that believes in "educating instead of medicating."




products
go to top



clicking on a thumbnail image will get you a larger image. to open a product in a new tab (easier for comparisons) hold down the ctrl key when you click the link.



floradix iron & herbs has ability to prevent common iron deficiency symptoms that may occur as a result of growth spurts, monthly blood loss, pregnancy or digestive malabsorption. floradix is the natural iron solution that is ideal for vegetarians and vegans. ingredients: aqueous extracts from: carrot, nettle worth, spinach, quitnch roots, angelica roots, fennel, ocean kelp, african mallow blossom, orange peel. does not cause constipation common to other iron supplements.



body ecology diet (or bed) is a system of healing. the bed establishes and nourishes the growth of beneficial microorganisms in the digestive tract. they sell various probiotics at their site, including young coconut kefir. or buy them at amazon. (look for "get it by" to find ones shipped from amazon.)



candistroy is a two-part program designed to combat candida with a powerful blend of clinically formulated ingredients, as well as replenish and rebuild the intestinal system with beneficial bacteria. buy at amazon.



threelac probiotic dietary supplement, natural lemon flavor. there are lots of reviews and they are mixed with a 4 star average.



fivelac probiotic cleanse candida defense. the reviews are pretty good. fights infection such as yeast and fungus. includes live bacteria: bacillus coagulans, bacillus subtilis, enterococcus faecalis, lactobacillus acidophilus and bifidobacterium longum. helps maintain intestinal micro-flora.



yeast arrest - yeast vaginitis - 28 suppositories. this is a new formula. very mixed reviews with plenty at each end. it is messy.



oregamax 90 capsules by north american herb & spice. the original wild oregano formula, supports natural mineral intake and more.



formula sf722. undecylenic acid, a natural component of human sweat, is a fatty acid with anti-candida activity, and is derived commercially from castor bean oil. a thorne innovation, formula sf722 aids in the establishment of a healthy gut flora, and has sold well for almost two decades. (look for "get it by" to find ones shipped from amazon.)



candex yeast management system (vegetarian capsules) by pure essence is a potent blend of plant based fiber digesting enzymes available for those suffering from candida. the couple reviews are favorable. buy at 
amazon. (look for "get it by" to find ones shipped from amazon.)



tanalbit is a non-prescription plant tannin formula for the treatment of candidiasis and similar gastrointestinal problems caused by bacterial and/or fungal infestations of the gastrointestinal tract. buy at amazon



forest herbs research in new zealand sells kolorex® capsules which help maintain a healthy, balanced intestinal tract. they also have an intimate care cream. buy at amazon.



colonix is an internal cleansing program (liver, kidney, colon, and parasite cleanse). buy at amazon.



flora-balance is a organic supplement that enables the establishment of a superior form of symbiotic intestinal bacteria. buy at amazon.



candida yeast support contains three strains of very aggressive bacteria and nutrients for their survival, along with vitamins designed to combat health imbalances caused by candida yeast. you will find people all over the web selling this one.


commercial sites
go to top


diet, arthritis, and autoimmune diseases by michael klaper, m.d. has a 30-day plan to cure leaky gut, help arthritis and other things. looks very much like recommended yeast elimination diets, plus information about supplements, etc.

why is yeast dangerous? is a questionnaire from the guardian health association, a group of people living with chronic long term conditions. has free membership.

candida support includes a bunch of candida information, then gets into selling formulas.

relief from candidiasis or yeast infections is selling global health trax products. (so many are selling these products maybe i should give them their own section!)

the yeast connection is the web site of william g. crook, m.d. the old one can be found in archive.org: candida-yeast.

the candida wellness center in provo utah has the candida yeast answer book written by gary carlsen, r.h. they sell a program that is a natural form of therapy. see the new edition of the free 40 page copy of the program. or the book
are you winning the battles but losing the war? [archive.org] a page that gets into candida albicans in quite some depth. from the healthexcel site on metabolic typing.

the biamonte center for clinical nutrition has candida questionnaire [archive.org] and his health articles.

medicinenet has an article on sporanox (itraconazole). used for fungal infections which are isolated to a small area of the body (localized) or throughout the body (systemic).

conquering candidiasis naturally by stephen c. byrnes (a naturopathic doctor and clinical nutritionist that lived in hawaii). he has also written politically incorrect: the neglected nutritional research of dr. weston price, dds [archive.org].

on ask dr. stoll is candida-related syndrome, a discussion on the physiologic basis behind this syndrome.

candida albicans [archive.org] is a site by a holistic doctor who has offices in the san francisco bay area. includes a protocol and diet.

the physician and sportsmedicine journal has a page on bladder and 'yeast' infections by susan w. ryan, do. she also wrote managing urinary tract and vaginal infections.

the townsend letter for doctors and patients has a database of past issues. if you do a search on candida many articles will be returned. (click for archives/main menu and then find search.)

here is what the non-believers have to say: dubious "yeast allergies" from the quackwatch site.

explore has a page on fungus by michael coyle. was a past issue. has microscope images. [archive.org]

the modern herbalist has a candida clearance rotation protocol. offers free phone consultations for candida sufferers.

the acam (american college for advancement in medicine) has physicians who practice preventive medicine in a searchable database.

the wisconsin institute of nutrition has a site on candida, as it relates to various health problems. they also have a cookbook feast without yeast: 4 stages to better health: a complete guide to implementing yeast free, wheat (gluten) free and milk (casein) free living.

elmer m. cranton, m.d. has a page on chronic fatigue syndrome, but it also covers yeast syndrome and candida. has a "triple antifungal therapy" protocal. [archive.org]

verywellhealth has an article on yeast overgrowth, candidiasis, and thyroid disease (formerlay at about.com).

a whole approach features the attogram program. also sells the book conquering yeast infections. the whole program for treating candida includes diet and taking psyllium, bentonite, caprylic acid, and acidolphilus.

soil based organisms [archive.org] are in earthflora, which is an all natural product to improve immune function.

rising star's candida elimination program is a page on on attacking candida utilizing pro-biotics and anti-yeast products.

at the wholesale nutrition [archive.org] site there are many pages on candida: argues that selenium is okay [archive.org] for people with candida. also dr. stephan cooter on molybdenum and candida. and a page with candida/allergy references taken from one of the immune mailing lists. also see list on candida topics and yeast topics and chapter five: killing the fungi which is part of a larger work on beating candida albicans and multiple chemical sensitivities.

jerusalem artichoke flour with probiotic factor is recommended for for people with candida and other yeast infections.

pandamedicine has put up a site called naturopathic medicine network. includes directory of naturopaths.

leaky gut - detoxification [archive.org] is from a nutri-notes newsletter. easy to read and tells you what to take etc.

anti-yeast therapy is a blend of chinese herbal therapy and psychological counseling from "dr. j".

marjorie crandall, ph.d. has a yeast consulting services which counsels patients on how to prevent yeast infections. she also provides an information packet with physician referral services.

a couple (another!) doing business as candida support are selling threelac and other formulas. read an introduction and their story. then see link above to buy.



testing
go to top


igg delayed food allergy testing is a page from dr. braly, an author and proponent of elisa food allergy testing. also does candida albicans (yeast) testing.

many different sites will lead you to the same food scan test which does not require a blood draw, only a finger prick. here is one: the igg elisa food intolerance test.

better control of health sells elisa food tests you can order online yourself. they are finger prick tests. you have a 96-food and 4-food tests. it interconnects with the site above.

better health usa has a site discussing food sensitivities. includes on-line discussion. uses elisa igg and iga to test for more than a 100 foods.

genova diagnostics had pages on testing for many candida related things. with this new site (this used to be great smokies diagnostics) i can't find links to the informative pages. you now have to search diagnostic tests by symptom or disease to find it.

direct laboratory services has tests for hair, urine, and stool toxic elements, as well as the comprehensive metabolic panel (serum), cbc's, amino acids, and much more. all these test you can order yourself, and not pay any middleman markup. here's an enlightening discussion on each of the 10 most important tests.

meridian valley laboratory has a web-site listing their numerous test. they are best known for their elisa food testing.

the u. of minnesota has a pathology handbook page. one now has to enter "candida" in the search field. many tests for yeast and fungus will be returned. [archive.org]

immuno-mycologics, inc., the fungal diagnostic specialists, has a page describing their immunodiffusion (id) tests for candidiasis.



mailing lists/web forums
go to top


there is a mailing list dedicated to yeast, fungus and candida at yeast-l.

kelly nowicki has a candida web based forum. it once had plenty of activity. includes article and archives put up by forum members.

on yahoo groups there is a candidiasis list. see page for details of what is discussed and also log in and see the list's archives.




© 2018. all rights reserved.

commission received if you click, then put an item in cart and buy. 


