


























	
	kentucky housing corporation - 
	home

























































































                    turn on more accessible mode
                



                    turn off more accessible mode
                














 homebuyers



 rental



 partners



 programs



 about khc


pay your mortgage

lending partners

careers

requests forcurrent requests for from khc

news and events




							get help
						
















español
















														quick links
													

pay your mortgage
find a khc approved lender
apply for section 8
hcv rentcafé
loan reservation system
interest rates for mortgage lending partners
multifamily guidelines and the qualified allocation plan (qap)
universal funding application (ufa)
program funding draw management system
tenant data certification system (tdcs)
visit the housing contract administration partner agency portal
kyhmis
hap reports
ky green
kentucky homeownership protection center
need help?







































several khc customers have reported that a new scam is being attempted.
learn more about the scam and how to protect yourself








the main problem facing kentucky counties is a lack of available, affordable housing. residents of all income levels cannot find adequate housing in their chosen counties.
learn more at kyhousingsupplygap.org.












the homeowner assistance fund can help homeowners struggling from covid pay their mortgage and housing-related expenses.
for more information and to see if you may qualify, click here.






previous



next







​notice of public comment period​
​kentucky housing corporation (khc) will accept public comments on the environmental review records of the following projects. khc has determined that they will have no significant impact on the human environment. therefore, an environmental impact statement under the national environmental policy act of 1969 (nepa) is not required.
​​beau henry villa: comments wil be accepted february 10​​, 2025, through february 26, 2025. follow this link​ to view the environmental review record for the acquisition and construction of beau henry villa, a low-income housing development for the elderly providing 42 units at 149 middle bridge stub road, bowling, green, warren county, kentucky. kentucky housing corporation (khc) has issued a notice of finding of no significant impact (fonsi) and notice of intent to request release of funds (no​irro​f) for u.s. department of housing and urban development home (home) funding that will be used on the project.  khc will accept public comment on this environmental review record through february 26, 2025. please submit all comments regarding the environmental review record in writing to jennifer oberlin, kentucky housing corporation, via u.s. mail at 1231 louisville road, frankfort, ky 40601 or via email at environmentalreview@kyhousing.org.  a copy of this environmental review record may also be accessed online at https://cpd.hud.gov/cpd-public/environmental-reviews. a hard copy of the environmental review record is available for public examination and copying, upon request, at the offices of kentucky housing corporation, 1231 louisville rd. frankfort, ky, and may be examined or copied 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. monday-friday through february 26, 2025.  ​grand view, letcher county, ky - team ky: comments wil be accepted february 10​​, 2025, through february 26, 2025. follow this lin​k​ to download the environmental assessment for the grand view subdivision to be located at northeast of the us-23/ky-805 intersection in jenkins, letcher county, ky, (geographic coordinates: 37.183158, -82.629281). the commonwealth of kentucky will build up to 89 single-family detached housing units, or substitute potentially a minimum number of single-family lots to build 20 multifamily units, to create replacement housing following the july 2022 southeastern kentucky flood disaster. kentucky housing corporation (khc) has issued a combined notice of finding of no significant impact (fonsi) and notice of intent to request release of funds (noirrof) for u.s. department of housing & urban development home investment partnerships (home) funding that will be used on the project.  the funds are needed on an emergency basis due to the impacts of a presidentially declared disaster, kentucky severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides (dr-4663-ky, declaration date july 29, 2022). as a result, the comment periods required under 24 cfr 58.45 for the fonsi and noi-rrof and the hud objection period required under 24 cfr 58.74 have been combined to occur in the same 15-day period. commenters may submit comments to kentucky housing corporation (khc) and objections to hud (email louisvillerrof@hud.gov) to ensure they will receive full consideration. khc will accept public comment on this environmental review record through february 26, 2025. please submit all comments regarding the environmental review record in writing to curtis stauffer, kentucky housing corporation, via us mail at 1231 louisville road, frankfort, ky 40601 or via email at cstauffer@kyhousing.org.  a copy of this environmental review record may also be accessed online at https://cpd.hud.gov/cpd-public/environmental-reviews. a hard copy of the environmental review record is available for public examination and copying, upon request, at the jenkins city hall at 9409 hwy 805 jenkins, ky 41537 (606-832-2141) or kentucky housing corporation, 1231 louisville rd. frankfort, ky (502-564-7630) and may be examined or copied monday-friday 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. through february 26, 2025.  note: the project also includes community development block grant disaster recovery (cdbg-dr) and community development block grant (cdbg) funding through the kentucky department for local government (dlg). dlg is serving as the responsible entity for cdbg-dr and cdbg funds and will complete a separate request for release of funds to hud for the cdbg-dr and cdbg funding for this project. dlg will also accept comment on the environmental assessment through february 26, 2025 (email jennifer.peters@ky.gov). 














page content
​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​tefra notice - khc sfmrb 2024a.pdf​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​kentucky housing corporation provides affordable housing solutions to families across the commonwealth.















stay connected: 








©  kentucky housing corporation




sitemap


fraud policy


privacy policy


open records


press releases


fair housing


egram archive


contact us


ky homeownership protection center





									for more information, please contact: kentucky housing corporation 1231 louisville road, frankfort, ky 40601502-564-7630; 800-633-8896 (ky only); tty 711




























