

























homepage | ut ischool












retweet icon



bullhorn icon



reply icon



info icon



flickr icon



tumblr icon



vimeo icon



reddit icon



podcast icon



angle-down icon



angle-left icon



angle-right icon



angle-up icon



ban icon



hamburger icon



book icon



bookmark icon



bug icon



caret-down icon



caret-left icon



caret-right icon



caret-up icon



chain icon



check icon



check-circle icon



chevron-down icon



chevron-left icon



chevron-right icon



chevron-up icon



circle icon



circle-o icon



clone icon



close icon



download-cloud icon



code icon



download icon



ellipsis icon



envelope icon



warning icon



external-link icon



eye icon



eye-slash icon



facebook icon



github icon



google-plus icon



heart icon



heart-o icon



home icon



info-circle icon



instagram icon



linkedin icon



lock icon



medium icon



minus-circle icon



send icon



pause-circle icon



play-circle icon



plus-circle icon



question-circle icon



quote-left icon



quote-right icon



rss-square icon



search icon



share-alt icon



slack icon



snapchat icon



ticket icon



twitter icon



wheelchair icon



youtube icon





      skip to main content
    




























menu





header menu


make a gift








search













about






vision & core values


history & tradition


jobs at the ischool


news & events


contact us





programs






admissions


class schedules


course offerings


undergraduate informatics program


master of science in information studies


dual degree programs


master of science in information security & privacy


school librarian certificate program


phd in information studies


postdoctoral fellowships





people






faculty, staff, & students


alumni


advisory council


international students


care counselor





research






research areas


labs


information & culture


visiting scholars


postdoctoral fellowships





careers






students


employers


alumni


hireutexas


employment & salary data





giving






endowments


donate online


other ways to support the ischool





















 

homepage











 
ut tower in sunset


we are bridgers: connecting people, information, and technology

about the ischool
















upcoming events




join us for our upcoming events where you can learn more about our programs, meet our faculty, and discover what makes our institution unique. these sessions are designed to provide valuable information and answer any questions you may have. more events












 
virtual capstone 101

event status
scheduled

 tuesday february 25, 2025, 12:30 pm - 1:30 pmvirtualjoin the grad office and capstone team to learn all about capstone!
 
health informatics organization guest speaker event

event status
scheduled

 tuesday february 25, 2025, 5:00 pm - 6:00 pmthe health informatics organization (hio) is excited to announce that judy murphy, a nationally recognized leader in health informatics, will be joining us as a guest speaker!
 
board game break

event status
scheduled

 wednesday february 26, 2025, 12:00 pm - 2:00 pmtocker loungeneed a brain break? invite your ischool friends and join us for snacks and board games!
 
prospective undergraduate student online information session

event status
scheduled

 friday february 28, 2025, 1:00 pm - 2:00 pmvirtualjoin our session to learn about the informatics major!


























become an ischooler

our students learn how to think critically, make connections, and utilize empathy to help shape the future of information and technology.

ischool admissions












research at the ischool

our research crosses disciplinary divides, bridges the arts and the sciences, and applies human insights to technological advances.

explore research


































programs


bachelor's degree


master's degree


doctoral degree






informatics major concentrations


human-centered data science


user experience (ux) design


cultural heritage informatics


health informatics


social justice informatics


social informatics









explore programs




our diverse degree programs in informatics, information studies, and specialized certifications equip students with the skills to innovate and lead in today's digital landscape. explore our bachelor's, master's, and doctoral programs to find the path that best suits your career goals.

discover more





informatics concentrations




discover the diverse areas of study within our informatics program, designed to address the challenges and opportunities in today’s digital age. from human-centered data science to social informatics, our concentrations provide specialized knowledge and skills to excel in various fields. explore each concentration to find the one that aligns with your career aspirations and interests.

major concentrations

































why the ischool?"the ischool's diverse curriculum allowed me to explore both design and research in depth. the guidance from industry-expert professors was instrumental, especially as i navigated the interview process."– neha sehgal (2024), interaction designer, google
















recent research




discover the latest breakthroughs and innovations from our dedicated research teams.

view all research











 


dr. lease wins two “test of time” awards in 2024

dec. 13, 2024


professor matthew lease, who has taught at the school of information (ischool) since 2009, has been recognized with two “test of time” awards. these awards recognize the enduring impact of research papers published over a decade ago. congratulations on this significant accomplishment, dr. lease!








 


ischool at 2024 cscw

nov. 20, 2024


twenty faculty members, students, and two recent graduates from the university of texas at austin school of information presented at the 27th acm sigchi conference on computer-supported cooperative work & social computing (cscw) in san josé, costa rica, on november 9-13, 2024. cscw is the premier venue for research in the design and use of technologies that affect groups, organizations, communities, and networks.








 


ischool well-represented at 2024 asis&t annual meeting

oct. 30, 2024


several faculty members and doctoral students represented the university of texas at austin school of information at the 2024 association for information science & technology (asis&t) annual meeting, which was held in calgary, canada from october 25-29. the theme of the conference was “putting people first: responsibility, reciprocity, and care in information research and practice.”










accreditations and memberships    
 


     
 


    





























1616 guadalupe st, suite #5.202
austin, texas 78701-1213




facebookfind us on facebook

twitterfind us on twitter

instagramsee us on instagram

linkedinfind us on linkedin

youtubesee us on youtube









footer menu


contact us


news & events


email lists


indigenous land acknowledgment


wiki


login








ut austin homeemergency informationsite policiesweb accessibility policyweb privacy policyadobe reader






© the university of texas at austin 2025










