







vaccine adverse event reporting system (vaers)





















en español



					this website is being modified to comply with president trump’s executive orders.
				









								this website is being modified to comply with president trump’s executive orders.
							

toggle navigation




vaers



about vaers
report an adverse event
vaers data 

vaers data sets
guide to interpreting data


resources 

government websites
for healthcare providers
seasonal flu updates
materials and learning tools


submit follow-up information












have you had a reaction following a vaccination?

contact your healthcare provider.
report an adverse event using the vaers online form or the downloadable pdf. new!


important: if you are experiencing a medical emergency, seek immediate assistance from a healthcare provider or call 9-1-1. cdc and fda do not provide individual medical treatment, advice, or diagnosis. if you need individual medical or health care advice, consult a qualified healthcare provider.



vaers information portal for healthcare providers to upload bulk reports. new!












click here for information on reporting to vaers after covid-19 vaccination














report an adverse event


review reporting requirements and submit reports.










search vaers data


download vaers data and search the cdc wonder database.










review resources


find materials, publications, learning tools, and other resources.










submit follow-up information


upload additional information related to vaers reports.










helpful links





 fact sheet for general public and healthcare providers [pdf - 415kb]





summary of 2016-2017 influenza vaccine information





vaers publications





print and web material









learning tools






                                    vaers: an overview and demonstration






                                    vaers: online reporting demonstration






                                    searching the vaers wonder database



watch specific sections of the video

section 1: introduction to vaers
section 2: how to search vaers public data
section 3: strengths and limitations of vaers data
section 4: where to get more information









vaccine safety information





ensuring vaccine safety
learn how cdc works to ensure the safety of vaccines





safety monitoring in vaers
post-licensure vaccine safety monitoring using vaers





information for healthcare providers
specific information for healthcare providers











note: to view pdf files, download the free adobe acrobat reader.










faqs
contact us
privacy
info@vaers.org


vulnerability disclosure policy - hhs.gov


usa.gov
centers for disease control and prevention
food and drug administration
u.s. department of health & human services

vaers is co-sponsored by the centers for disease control and prevention (cdc), and the food and drug administration (fda), agencies of the u.s. department of health and human services (hhs).










