















sturm college of law | sturm college of law






skip to content


















explore

apply


calendar


contact


give


webmail


library







resources for






du websites






search







search input



submit search



 close search
 

back
    






back
    


future students
current students
faculty members
employees
alumni & friends
employers
media relations



 close search





back
    


university of denver
https://www.law.du.edu













sturm college of law







main navigation


admissions




apply now


jd admissions


financial aid & scholarships


aba required disclosures






our community




future students


current students


alumni & friends


diversity, equity and inclusion


history


people


news






academics




jd degrees & certificates


graduate degrees


practical experience


registrar


academic advising


academic achievement & bar success


law reviews & journals


projects & centers


study abroad






student affairs




school policies & general info


events & student organizations


student support services






careers




public service careers


private sector careers


judicial clerkships


postgraduate programs


employers


employment statistics






faculty & research




faculty directory


scholarship


faculty resources













toggle menu
































university of denver sturm college of law students don't just study law, they experience it. as a recognized leader in experiential learning, denver law has top-ranked practical training programs (clinical training: #5, trial advocacy: #8, and legal writing: #20), which provide the foundation for a seamless transition from law student to legal professional. our global, innovative classroom curricula, hands-on educational experiences and location in one of the most dynamic cities in the nation gives our jd, llm and master's students a significant advantage in the legal marketplace.join us at denver law. denver's law school.


earn your jd degreeearn your jd degree part-timeearn your llm degreeearn your master's degreeearn your dual degree





top programs.top students.









denver law's top-ranked programs in clinical training, legal writing and trial advocacy build the practical skills to make a valuable impact from day one. our graduates are as comfortable drafting a brief as presenting an oral argument and are dedicated to the highest ethical standards of the profession, placing them at the top of the list for potential employers. in fact, over 90 percent of our class of 2023 graduates were employed in professional positions within 10 months of graduation. denver law is dedicated to meeting your educational goals, whether you are a full-time student or a professional looking to advance your career. we offer a traditional juris doctor (jd) program, a part-time jd program, four llm degree options, and four master's degree options. begin your law school journey today.denver law certificate programsanimal law programconstitutional rights and remedies programcorporate & commercial law programenvironmental and natural resources law programintellectual property and technology law programinternational legal studies programworkplace law program jd degreesgraduate programs
visit the denver law office of admissions


















no-cost bar exam prep
made possible by a significant financial commitment from the sturm family foundation, the university of denver sturm college of law has entered into an agreement with themis bar review to provide comprehensive and complimentary new resources for all jd students at du. this innovative partnership with themis enhances our students’ ability to succeed in law school and on the bar exam, while addressing the significant costs typically associated with commercial bar review courses.learn more





















scholarships & financial aid
the sturm college of law is fully committed to supporting every student seeking to earn a law degree. denver law offers numerous scholarship opportunities for first-year students from the sturm elevation initiative to a wide array of other merit-based scholarships. du is also proud to participate in the yellow ribbon program, which covers tuition costs for american military veterans. additionally, continuing students can apply for named scholarships once they are enrolled at the sturm college of law.learn more












take a virtual tour of the sturm college of law





launch main west entrance - compass rose















u.s. news & world report rankings












#5 clinical training


#8 trial advocacy


#20 legal writing 





location.location.location.









often ranked no. 1 for our economy, denver is one of the nation's fastest-growing, economically dynamic cities, and we provide a unique professional gateway to the mile high city. our hometown is the location of the state capital, state and federal government agencies, start-up tech companies, law firms, global business and more. in 2022, national jurist ranked denver as a best city for young attorneys.all of that comes along with denver's multitude of opportunities and advantages: close proximity to the mountains, a strong public transportation system, numerous entertainment options, cultural offerings and so much more. the sturm college of law is the perfect place to balance your life and your legal education. 
denver's only law school






learn by doing 












600+ externship placements


7 clinical programs


19,000+ alumni worldwide








"in their own words"
students highlight their experiences at the sturm college of law




















i chose denver law because of the focus on experiential learning and location near the heart of denver. i was looking for a school where i could make a genuine impact on my new community.

							rebecca stifter, jd '19
													















the environmental llm at denver law is considered one of the best programs in the world. as a mining lawyer from chile, it is essential to learn of new trends, permitting me to apply that knowledge to the industry.

							rodrigo cortes, llm’19
													















i wanted a program with national credentials and reputation. denver law checks all the important boxes for its attention to national issues and for how it serves the community.

							ty johnson, jd'21, part-time program 
													






















launch main west entrance - compass rose















apply







contact







give














 





303-871-6000



303-871-6378







sturm college of law
university of denver
2255 e. evans ave.
denver, co 80208






































              consumer information (aba required disclosures)
            

              our commitment to pay equity
            

              professional licensure disclosure statement
            







maps
jobs
privacy policy
cookies
consent preferences


copyright ©2025 | all rights reserved | equal opportunity affirmative action institution




















