































    ice castle arena | ice hockey & figure skating near pittsburgh, pa
  
















            

    home



  about


   contact us



  find us



  business hours





  skating


   overview



  skate lessons



  public skating



  public skating prices



  public skating schedule





  hockey


   adult hockey league


   general information



  waiver and roster links



  adult league rules





  camps and clinics



  events and tournaments



  hockey lessons



  pickup hockey



  stick time



  predators





  ic hockey



  parties


   birthday parties



  school parties





  amenities


   ty-m-up hockey supplies



  dining



  arcade



  ic fitness



  gymnastics





  public skating schedule












       
 





       ice castle arena   

call us now





   hockey  

ice castle has several hockey 
leagues and events for all ages and skill levels. from tournaments to pick-up games, the action never stops at our two nhl regulation size rinks!   

learn more


 skating  

ice skating excitement is not limited to winter. at ice castle, our 200’x85′ rinks provide plenty of room to skate solo or with a partner. rinks are open year-round and are the perfect place for parties.   

learn more


 pro shop
 

hockey’s the name of the game here.we’ve got you covered from apparel to pucks, from easton to sauce—all at a great cost. did we mention we’ve got the top of the line selection of composite sticks in stock?   

learn more




   



    new learn to skate session begins january 12, 2025!

﻿sign up now!


no pets!

for the safety of our customers,
certified service dogs only
are permitted in the building.




   
now hiring ! 
interested in working at the ice castle? we have various positions available:* front desk receptionist / cashier* snack bar* skate guard* zamboni driver* retail sales person in our ty-m-up hockey supplies store (must have some hockey knowledge)* ic fitness center receptionistmost positions require weekday evenings and weekends (morning and/or evenings). we can work with your availability!stop in for an application or email your application/ resume to info@icecastlearena.com. 



   contact ice castle
 contact ice castle
   name:

 email:

 phone:

 message:





thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later




   who we are



    ice castle is the place to be! located in the south hills of pittsburgh, we are easy to find on castle shannon boulevard, conveniently located near many restaurants and shopping centers.

  

learn more about us

  

read more


 



   our amenities after some skating fun, party-goers, amateur skaters, players and their siblings, will all love visiting mason’s madhouse where the newest arcade games are in high demand. visit our snack bar that has a vast menu which will satisfy all your hunger needs! ic fitness center is located on the second floor of ice castle and is open for members or walk-ins. stop in and check out all the new equipment and work out when your child is on the ice or any time! visit www.icfitness.net 
for further information.


   come and visit


   

   ice castle arena
990 castle shannon blvd.pittsburgh (castle shannon), pa 15234 
412-561-9090


  

find us

  

read more








      



   find us  


  ice castle arena
990 castle shannon blvd.pittsburgh, pa 15234412-561-9090 


 follow us  

    

 

 

 

 

 






















































































































  
  share by:








