












hospice of hope





































































search












   







donate








   








employment
staff
leave a review



 






home
about us
about us
services
why hospice of hope?
transitional program
myths
testimonials
visitation policy
news/events
current news
upcoming events
featured announcements
locations
kentucky office
ohio  office
kentucky care center
ohio inpatient center
careers
support
online donation
volunteer opportunities
memorial patio
links & resources
contact us!



 
       
 




 









 




the hospice care center
every day, family members make decisions about what is best for their loved ones. if you are facing difficult decisions about end-of-life care, the care center at kenton pointe may be what you're looking for. 
learn more




 




looking for a new career?
hospice of hope has openings for a variety of rewarding positions. click the link to see what's currently available. 
learn more




 




bereavement services
hospice of hope understands that grief is a universal human process that a person experiences when losing a loved one. grieving takes time, and each of us grieves in our own unique way. bereavement care staff at hospice of hope are available to extend that hand of support. click the link for more information.
learn more




 




memorial patio
looking for a way to make a lasting memorial for a loved one? the memorial patio located at the care center at kenton pointe is a great place purchase a stone or brick in memory of a loved one. 
learn more




 




looking for volunteers
hospice of hope volunteers come from all walks of life - they are homemakers, business professionals, retirees, employees full-time, part-time, or even self-employed. these volunteers provide caring support to ease the loneliness, fear, and grief of patients suffering from a terminal illness. click to learn more.
learn more






 




 


        featured article 



  

shawn flaugher name executive director
september 3, 2024
hospice of hope has recently announced the appointment of derek (shawn) flaugher as the organization’s new executive director. shawn will succeed anthony (tony) trovato, who is set to re…

read more














        news/events



shawn flaugher name executive director
 september 3, 2024


sarah shepherd wins award of excellence
 september 3, 2024


hoh partners with pioneer trace for veteran's pinning
 september 3, 2024


mark baker volunteer service
 february 14, 2024







 all news 











        top stories and events


sarah shepherd wins award of excellence
 

hoh partners with pioneer trace for veteran's pinning
 

calling all volunteers!
 










 latest posts

hospice of hope









        why hospice of hope 
 

 







        highly specialized staff


        hospice of hope employs staff with expertise in pain and symptom control management. numerous clinical staff hold advance certifications and training in hospice and palliative care. they
        employ a  full-time physician / medical director that is available for consults and consults as requested by the patients attending physician. 



 







        hospice care center rooms


        with the care center at kenton pointe and the ohio valley inpatient center, hospice of hope offers 13 dedicated end-of-life care beds that provide the highest level of hospice care.



 







        non profit


        as a 501(c)3 non profit organizaiton, hospice of hope can make decisions based upon need and not margin. since 1990, hospice of hope has provided over 3 millions dollars of non reimbursed
        care. 






 







        fast response time


        a dedicated admission team provides prompt response to referrals. a specialized nursing home team works hand-in-hand with nursing home staff to enhance care. on call and crisis care teams
        offer that 'extra tlc' when time is short, or family needs education or support. a dedicated hospice medical director can offer rapid response to pressing patient needs.  



 







        palliative treatments


        hospice of hope covers many palliative treatments such as chemotherapy, radiation, and antibiotics that other hospices  prohibit.



 







        comprehensive program


        from inpatient centers to bereavement services, hospice of hope offers a full spectrum of patient and family services. 

















 


   

        hospice. helps. everyone.


        about hospice of hope


        hospice of hope, inc. is a 501(c)3 organization licensed to provide end-of-life care services in ohio and kentucky.




        contact us


        hospice of hope, inc.
        
        909 kenton station drive
        
        maysville, ky 41056
        
        606.759.4050 or 800.928.4848            800.648.6056 (tdd/tty)


info@hohope.org


        attention: if you speak spanish or chinese, language assistance is free of charge and available by calling 888.808.9008 pin 20319500




        links


disclaimer & privacy
notice of privacy practice
hospice patient rights
joint commission
non-discrimination
links & resources
employee portal
contact us



   











        website by morweb.org




        copyright 2021





















