



	self-publishing tips and resources


































home
join
self-publishing
book marketing
ebook publishing
book printing
resources
faq
contact















self-publishing tips & resources

                    self-publishing is here to stay. authors who self-publish are having success like
                    never before. internet marketing, ebook publishing, and social networking sites
                    have helped self-published authors get their books in front of potential readers
                    and book buyers. the playing field is becoming more even. when you self-publish,
                    the control and success of your book is in your hands.

                    there are many self-publishing options out there. go-publish-yourself, a three-time
                    winner of writer's digests' 101 best websites for writers, is dedicated
                    to answering your questions about self-publishing and providing answers you may
                    not even know to ask yet! don't self-publish without us.





                    ebook publishing & distribution information you need

                    ebook publishing is a must do for any author, self-published or not. the ipad®
                    is the fasted adopted electronic device in history. in october of 2010, 
                        ebook sales reached over $40 million in revenue. ebooks and authors alike
                    are beginning to take over the publishing industry.

                    at go-publish-yourself, you will learn all about ebook publishing and distribution.
                    ebooks have evolved in recent years, and are no longer only a pdf. now there are
                    various devices for reading ebooks and we'll educate you on the different formats
                    supported by ipad®, kindle®, and nook®.





                    get insider tips for effective book marketing on any budget

                    effective book marketing is critical to your book's success. at go-publish-yourself,
                    we have tips and articles by book marketing experts in both social media and traditional
                    publicity campaigns. you'll learn how and when to tweet, tag, follow, and blog your
                    book to success. you'll also discover book marketing tips about writing and distributing
                    press releases, how to get book reviews, and more.





                    an introduction to book printing

                    when you start to think about printing your book, you'll discover that there are
                    hundreds of options. there are many factors which influence the printing cost of
                    your book, such as: short-run, offset printing, paper weight, cover finish, and
                    whether it's paperback or hardcover.

                    learn which printing options may be best for your book. your goal should be to print
                    your book so that it's attractive to book buyers (both commercial and retail). you
                    also need to keep in mind the per-unit cost, so that you can ensure that your book's
                    retail price will be competitive. at go-publish-yourself, we provide professional
                    advice for authors who are ready get their books printed.





self publishing
ebooks
marketing
printing






                    self publishing basics

the definition of 
                        self-publishing.
why book
                        editing is the most important part of self publishing.
how to create an outstanding 
                        book cover design.
how to obtain an isbn,
                        bar code, and 
                            llcn.






                    book marketing tips

how and where to send out advanced reader copies (arcs).
write and distribute an effective press release.
promote your book using social media.
make the most out of your blog.
how to choose
                        a domain name.
how to create an effective website.

















                    ebook publishing

the ebook publishing
                        basics.
the difference between 
                        ebook formats like mobi and epub.
how and where to 
                        distribute your ebook.






                    book printing & distribution

trim sizes and paper options.
print on demand (pod), short run, and
                        offset book printing.
distribution options.



















        join free today. you get:

self-publishing essentials
the author's bill of rights
why self-publish powerpoint
32 simple ways to market your book online
teleseminars on publishing, marketing, ebooks, and more!
20% discount on copyright registration from click and copyright.
$100s in discounts on publishing, printing, ebook formatting, and more
            from our partners.






        featured resource

 




        featured partners

 



advertise with us













home


self-publishing


book printing


book marketing


about




join


what is self-publishing?


types of book printers


online book marketing


contact




resources


book editing


ebook publishing


hillcrest media group


sitemap










                    companies who keep go-publish-yourself.com free





















©2003-2011 hillcrest media group, inc.





