




















police department | amherst, ma - official website









  















skip to main content




















amherst alert


	town offices closed monday, february 17
	read on...













    top pages      department info      divisions      community programs      general info      online services  


 

 

 

 

 

 




 














home










 
 
 

 












search







 
 
 




 















 






  
 
 














scroll down










 
 
 




 














> photo credits










 
 
 




































 




services
quickly find the police services you need
 






  
 
 






















police dataview the latest information








recruitmentjoin the force























contact usstaff directory








crash reportsreport an accident

























commend an officerwrite an acknowledgement








officer complaint formlet us know























child seat inspectionprioritize safety








firearm licensingregister your firearm




















  
 
 









 
















 




news & announcements
stay up-to-date on the latest police news
 






  
 
 






  
 
 



 














covid - 19information








recruitment 










 
 














policies








police data 










 
 
 




 





 welcome
 mission statement




 welcome





welcome from the police chiefwelcome to the amherst police department website! the town of amherst is an active, diverse and vibrant community. amherst offers a wide variety of opportunity through culture, the arts, and the home to three noteworthy colleges and universities. the amherst police department consists of 46 sworn officers, a professional emergency communications department, and a dedicated support staff. as an agency, we will continue to identify innovative approaches to complex issues facing our community today as well as build on previous accomplishments through community engagement and partnerships. public safety and addressing quality of life concerns consistent with community expectations continues to be our primary goal.   gabriel ting  amherst chief of police





 mission statement





the amherst police department (apd) values the dedication and integrity of all members of the department. apd values the diversity of the amherst community and is grateful for its support and partnership. apd strives to protect the safety, rights, and property of every person within the town of amherst. apd holds itself to the highest professional and ethical standards.this mission statement is the product of a focus group of amherst police officers and members of our community. the agency is very proud of the work that we do and how we maintain the standards within the statement.







 
 
 







 
















 




trending now
keep up-to-date with us
 






  
 
 







top pages







policies



recruitment



community programs



immigrant resources



support services



town of amherst website









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 








 
 



  
 





tweets by amherstmapolice 


 
 
 



 














services








news








welcome








trending








to top










 
 
 




 







contact us







	police station 
111 main st. 
amherst, ma 01002
phone: 413-259-3000
 






  
 









   





 
 



  
 







quick links







stay connected & subscribe



service requests



epayments & view bills



jobs & employment



open government



town staff directory









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







faqs








what forms of payment does the town accept?


where can i get more information on recycling?


am i registered to vote in the town of amherst?








/faq.aspx




 
 



  
 







helpful links







home



sign-in



site map



accessibility



privacy policy



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 
















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close





















  







arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









