



hightunnels.org -
























































































 












hightunnels.org




search for:






      






for educators

part i: introduction
part ii: planning & construction
part iii: tomato production
part iv: cut flower production
part iv: training manual


for growers

general
construction
managing soil
growing in high tunnels

cool season vegetables
cut flowers
small fruits
warm season vegetables & melons


pest management
marketing & economics
grower innovations
urban agriculture


organic

basics & certification
organic production
construction

moveable high tunnels


nutrient management
insect & disease control

general
diseases
grafting
insects


marketing resources
growing organic video library
organic supplier directory


news

news
workshops & events


resources

associations
daylength calculator
factsheets
high tunnel events
publications
links
research
supplier directory
video library


about

contributors
national contacts
hightunnels listserv





























for growers:
construction | manage soil | pest management | economics| grower innovations
 





play
pause










welcome to hightunnels.orghigh tunnels, or hoophouses, are unheated greenhouses that can help commercial farmers extend their growing season so that they can improve the profitability and productivity of their farms.
high tunnels are also an integral part of local food production systems in many parts of the united states. they aid fruit and vegetable crop production by extending the cropping season, providing protection from the elements (wind, storms, heat, etc.), and result in a more-stable production system that poses less risk of crop failure.
high tunnels come in many different shapes, sizes, and structures. many 4-season tunnels are as small as 1000 sq ft for, and 3-season tunnels (plastic is removed during winter) can span ranges up to 20+ acres.
this website provides information and links to relevant sites around the world, so that growers and educators have a one-stop source where they can find information on all aspects of high tunnel construction and use. 









join the [hightunnels] listserv: subscribe search archivethe [hightunnels] listserv comprises over 850 members, most of which are growers using high tunnels. the listserv is a great place to learn what growers are doing with high tunnels, what crops and varieties do best, and what practices have been successful on local farms.
featured:are high tunnels for you?
sales from u.s. horticulture operations up 18 percent in five years, usda reports
growing in high tunnels
video library
for educators: planning & construction
high tunnels supplier directory
organic supplier directory
 hightunnels.org
 











the latest 


 season extension activities in kansas: legal issues and local policy options
the climate in kansas presents challenges to growing and supplying...



 blueberry pruning and rejuvenation
introduction regular pruning is an essential component of blueberry management,...



 ultra-niche crops series: high tunnel winter lettuce
ultra-niche crops are defined as exceptionally high-value crops that can...




stay in touch      join the listservthe listserv is a great place to learn what growers are doing with high tunnels, what crops and varieties do best, and what practices have been successful on local farms.subscribe search archive 













back to top





















