 rolls royce hire service with chauffeur uk, rolls royce phantom        
 

skip to content
0121 794 1798
hire booking officehomefleetservicesmenu togglewedding carsprom carsbusiness travel carsphoto boothareasmenu togglecolumn amenu togglebedfordshirebuckinghamshirecheshirederbyshiregloucestershireherefordshirecolumn bmenu toggleleicestershiregreater manchestermerseysidenorthamptonshirenottinghamshireoxfordshirecolumn cmenu togglestaffordshiresouth yorkshireshropshirewarwickshireworcestershirewest midlandsgallerycontact


main menu

 
homefleetservicesmenu togglewedding carsprom carsbusiness travel carsphoto boothareasmenu togglecolumn amenu togglebedfordshirebuckinghamshirecheshirederbyshiregloucestershireherefordshirecolumn bmenu toggleleicestershiregreater manchestermerseysidenorthamptonshirenottinghamshireoxfordshirecolumn cmenu togglestaffordshiresouth yorkshireshropshirewarwickshireworcestershirewest midlandsgallerycontact




rolls royce hire service with chauffeurif you’re searching for competitive rolls royce phantom hire with a chauffeur, you’ve come to the right place.  rolls royce phantom car hire is for the ultimate relaxing journey to your wedding, corporate or business event. we offer a friendly reliable service with a free highly trained chauffeur with every rental.


get a free quote

rolls royce hire servicewelcome to rolls royce phantom car hire! if you’re searching for competitive rolls royce phantom hire, you’ve come to the right place. we offer the ultimate car hire service, setting the standard in exclusive travel. phantom car hire birmingham is the ultimate car hire service and sets the standard in exclusive travel. we offer a chauffer driven service especially designed to ensure you arrive at your destination refreshed and relaxed.it doesn’t matter what the occasion, our phantom car hire services are ideal and affordable. this site is dedicated to providing you with all of the information you need to know about this prestigious hire car and the areas we cover.wedding carsa cars range from classic wedding car to modern wedding car hire.chauffeur servicewhen only the best impression will do, executive car hire is just what you need.party bus hireavailable for hire was custom built for us and has some amazing featuresluxury limo hireluxury limo is a private car and airport transportations companyhummer hirethe largest limo we have is the hummer limousine that seats up to 16 passengers.executive car hirewhen only the best impression will do, executive car hire is just what you need.rolls royce phantom cars great for any occasion in the ukwhen it comes to car hire services, there is one model in particular that really stands out these days and that’s the rolls royce phantom.the rolls royce phantom is an outstanding car that many a-list celebs have been spotted driving. however, some companies charge a fortune for phantom car hire. that is why many people turn to our services.one of the main reasons why phantom car hire is so popular is because it is created by rolls royce; a company renowned for its luxurious designs and comfortable interiors. the name alone produces an impressive, stylish image. it has also been operating since 1925, so you can be sure that the phantom will be created to a very high standard.this outstanding car is driven by many a-list celebs and it comes with a purchase cost of over £200,000. not everyone can afford to own such luxury. however, thanks to our competitively priced hire service, you can at least get a taster of how it feels to travel like the rich and famous.learn more about rolls royce hire by visiting our google my business site or our yell listing and be sure to leave us a google review.




rolls royce car hire birminghamgot your own special requests? you can call our team to receive a customised quote before you book. they will run through your requirements then put a package deal together to meet them.chauffeurs

0
+we offer a world-class vip chauffeur service for every purpose and occasion.weddings per year

0
+
our in-depth wedding car package will help you at every stage of your wedding.autoglym trained valeters

0

technique is very important when it comes to washing and detailing a vehicle.rolls royce two impressive models
we have two phantom models available to hire, including the white edition and the silver edition. both come with the same luxurious features including lambs’ wool mats, built in tv, a sumptuous cream leather interior, unique rear-hinged push-button doors and built-in umbrellas – perfect for those rainy days.


get a free quote

what our clients say about usjust want to say a massive thank you for our wedding cars they looked amazing and was very professional and friendly thank you so much.
would highly recommend!!
katie simmonsmidlandswe used the daimler limousine for our wedding day. we booked it more than 12 months before the day. the car arrived in plenty of time. the driver, steve was very friendly, professional and courteous and put us all at ease. he ensured we arrived at the church on time and was very helpful. great service and we would definitely recommend. thank you again to the company and steve.
louise farmerwalsallopted for the white phantom. booking was straightforward and service was wonderful. driver was lovely even took a detour back to house. thank you and would definitely recommend 😊
michelle pettymidlands


get a free quote

rolls royce phantom chauffeur hire birminghamthe white phantom does tend to be best suited to weddings, date nights and anniversaries thanks to its beautiful, elegant and romantic design. the silver phantom on the other hand, is perfect for those occasions where you absolutely need to make a great impression. it is especially popular for business hire when clients need to be impressed. the phantom is one of the most prestigious cars in the world. so, if you’re looking to make your event or occasion extra-memorable, you’ll definitely want to hire this exclusive model. with fully qualified chauffeurs, you can be sure that no matter where it is that you are going, you will arrive there safely in style and in extreme comfort. the phantom has soft leather seats and a one inch thick woollen carpet. there are also power closing suicide doors and a built in sat nav. so you never have to worry about where your driver is taking you!what sets our birmingham phantom hire service apart?you’ll find numerous phantom car hire services throughout the country, so what makes ours so different? well, for one thing, we offer great value hire packages. some companies charge a fortune for phantom car hire, which is why many people turn to our services. we strive to offer affordable rates and we also have a host of other cars from our partner finishing touch cars limo hire birmingham.we also offer a chauffeur driven service, especially designed to ensure you arrive at your destination feeling refreshed and relaxed. with fully qualified chauffeurs, you can be sure that no matter where it is that you are going, you will arrive there safely, in style and in extreme comfort. the phantom has soft leather seats and a one-inch thick woollen carpet. there are also power closing suicide doors and a built in sat nav. so, you never have to worry about where your driver is taking you!


get a free quote

save with our exclusive package dealsone of the best things about our services, is that we offer exclusive package deals. these are designed to save you money on this prestigious vehicle. our package deals cater to most budgets, particularly if you book off peak. they also change regularly to ensure we’re constantly providing the very best prices. you can find out more about our existing package deals by calling our team today.  so why not check out both the silver and the white phantoms today to see which one would best suit your special occasion? this could be an option instead of a limo hire and is by far the best option for wedding car hire. call us today to make a booking or check out some of the areas we cover.




rolls royce chauffeur carsbooking early and taking advantage of mid-week prices are also great ways to make your hire service more affordable.


get a free quote

office hoursmon : 9am – 6:30pm
tue : 9am – 6:30pm
wed : 9am – 6:30pm
thu : 9am – 6:30pm
fri : 9am – 6:30pm
sat : 9am – 4:30pm
sun : 9am – 4:30pmfind it localprivacy policycookiescopyright rolls royce hire | © 2025 euro netstart website designer all rights reserved | privacy | cookies

 
                           

