







robert townsend






































        
          
            robert townsend
          
        
      




















































              home
            



            about
          

            news
          

            gallery
          

            archive
          

        shop
      





































































































home





                
                  
                    robert townsend
                  
                
              




aboutnewsgalleryarchiveshop









scroll






 







 

making the five heartbeats documentarynaacp image award nominee for outstanding documentary

 











 











now available on the following platforms itunes - googleplay - vudu - amazon prime - vimeo or get an autographed dvd hereplease spread the word!

    

roberttownsend



welcome to my website. i have been blessed to make movies and television shows for years, i love what i do and just want to continue to do it.  i want to say to all the fans out there that have supported my work, ‘thank you from the bottom of my heart for always being there for me’. to me a true artist creates from his heart and that is what i always try to do.  i want this official site to hopefully give you a better glimpse into my heart, soul and mind as a man and as an artist. thank you for continued support.peace and blessings,robert

 








join my mailing list!
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.





first name



last name




email address






sign up





we respect your privacy.
thank you!






















































actorfilmmaker



how would one describe robert townsend? a talented actor, hollywood trailblazer, passionate visionary, or just a regular guy seeking to make a difference, these are all phrases that apply to the multitalented entertainer. townsend is the last of a rare breed of artists that scrutinizes every word and syllable that is expressed in his work. it’s no wonder that so many people regard townsend’s body of work as classics. a hollywood pioneer well ahead of his time, townsend, is often referred to as one of the “godfathers of the independent film world.” with more than 30 years in the entertainment business, he has made an indelible mark in hollywood with an extensive list of credits.




    about
  






 









"…as an artist, you have to fight for your vision."—robert townsend






 









instagram







 






 




















 






 













 




















welcome



about



newsletter sign up



ingredients gallery



ingredients



batch 2



press



batch 3



new page

































































powered by squarespace









