




 


lake saint catherine association - home











log in



























remember me
forgot password









 










for the preservation, protection, and maintenance of lake st. catherine
 



home




the association



our purpose




bylaws




trustees




committees




contact us







the lake



lake st. catherine




fishing




wildlife




recreation




lake safety




water quality & shoreline protection




septic systems




vermont invasive patrollers (vip) program




lake wise program




stormwater master plan




boat launch monitoring (greeter program)




milfoil control program




lsc watershed action plan







membership



membership login




become a member




membership statistics




make a donation







calendar




blog




links & downloads




sponsors





 



















welcome to the lake st. catherine association

greetings, and thanks for visiting!the lake st. catherine association is a vermont 501(c)(3) not-for-profit corporation, organized on august 31, 1953. our mission is the preservation, protection and maintenance of beautiful lake st. catherine. we are a volunteer organization of 15 trustees who work year-round to fulfill this mission. each year, beginning in february, we reach out to lake property owners and the lake community asking all to join the lake st. catherine association as a member. we collect membership dues and donations to help fund our vital lake management programs. we also receive funds from our local towns of wells and poultney, the state of vermont and from earning grants from environmental groups.we hope to earn your support! click here to become a member.please explore our site to read all about lake st. catherine, the lake st. catherine association and the work we do. all the latest lake news can be found on our blog.contact us if you have any questions.

become a member

please help to support the mission of the lake st. catherine association (lsca).become a member today!join us now! 

meet a member





 
news from our blog



recording of february 2025 lwap update meeting

12 feb 2025 12:33 pm


jerremy jones



long-time lake st. catherine association trustee frank callahan has passed away

7 feb 2025 5:05 pm


jerremy jones



lake st. catherine watershed action plan update meeting

3 feb 2025 7:58 am


jerremy jones



loon discussion with vermont center for ecostudies

31 jan 2025 8:00 am


jerremy jones



lsca earns grant for 2025 dash & greeter programs

8 jan 2025 7:56 am


jerremy jones



lsca launches 2025 membership drive

4 jan 2025 8:12 am


jerremy jones





all news from our blog...

facebook




lcsa on facebook



upcoming events



america/new_york
the 13th annual lsca boat parade

5 jul 2025 1:00 pm


lake st. catherine





all upcoming events from our calendar...
 
become a member!

your support of the lsca:
  helps us fund vital lake programs like water testing, milfoil and invasive species control and watershed protection projects like lake wise.
  keeps you up-to-date on all issues involving lake st. catherine.
  connects you to your elected trustees managing the lake.

make a donation

do you love lake st. catherine and want to contribute to its preservation, protection and maintenance? please consider making a donation to the lsca.

make a donation
 























search lakestcatherine.org:











lake st. catherine associationpo box 631wells, vt 05774
info@lakestcatherine.org | (802) 287-6027

follow us on:
 










powered by wild apricot membership software











