







fresh direct





































































































              home
            

produce


            floral
          

            services
          

        careers
      

            contact us
          







back


            produce
          

            organics
          
















































home
produce

produce
organics

floralservicescareerscontact us


















scroll






 

making a healthy difference  

 







  

your trusted partner in fruit, vegetables and flowersfresh direct is about sourcing and delivering the highest quality fresh produce in the most efficient way. we’re a new zealand company with global reach and enduring relationships with growers, customers, partners and suppliers. mutual respect drives our family’s long-term involvement in the produce industry. so we make it our business to know what our customers want from us and deliver it with a smile.













fresh produce 
at fresh direct we know about fruit and vegetables. it’s been a part of our heritage from the beginning with our current directors’ father even coining the name ‘kiwifruit’ in 1950’s new zealand.















fresh organics
we believe in the long term benefits of organic production and therefore encourage our growers to switch to organic growing methods whenever possible.



   











fresh flowers 
we’re dedicated to bringing you the finest, freshest bouquets, single stems or pot plants from all over new zealand and supplemented from around the world.















jp exports
when you need your produce to be enjoyed far and wide in the best possible condition, we offer you a first class focused and experienced team at jp exports ltd (a sister company to fresh direct).



  




 

about us

 







  

our storyfresh produce is in our blood. owners of fresh direct, jeffery and peter turner are part of the turner family whose roots in horticulture go back to cambridge, england in the 1600’s! closer to home their great-grandfather edward turner set up turners mart (later turners & growers) in new zealand in the 1890’s. in 1959 jeffery and peter’s father, jack turner, coined the name ‘kiwifruit’ when the name was changed from ‘chinese gooseberry’.in 1995 when control and direction of the old family firm came under overseas investor management, jeffery and peter turner decided to do the ‘kiwi’ thing and set up their own produce business. fresh direct was born and the family tradition of excellence in fresh produce continued. as they say, the rest is history.



our family



there are over 300 people on staff at fresh direct throughout our operations country wide! we pay the same attention to our staff as we do to our customers and growers. they’re part of the family – part of a strong culture that pulls together, working by the same values. the end result is an efficient and happy place to work in – and that shows when it comes to doing business with fresh direct.investing in our people is also a great way to be successful. keeping people motivated, rewarded and trained means better service for customers and growers. helping staff lead balanced and satisfying lives supports productivity. we think this is a sustainable way to do business, a ‘win-win’ for us, our staff and for our growers and customers. no wonder not many people leave once they join fresh direct

  






about intro



intro



about us



our story












hours






copyright 2018 j&p turner group login








