






alaska / washington fishing - salmon, steelhead, and
halibut fishing & lodging






















 offering anglers 
sportfishing excellence for over twenty-five years!
alaska /
washington salmon, steelhead & halibut fishing guides, charters
& lodging






     soldotna,
alaska                        
                      
forks, washington



 




907-202-4747









- welcome to piscatorial pursuits -
 
whether you're looking to plan an
alaska salmon & halibut fishing
vacation or a salmon or steelhead
fishing trip on washington's olympic peninsula, helpful info on
how to catch salmon and / or steelhead on your own, recipes, kenai peninsula tide tables for halibut fishing or clamming, or perhaps  
visit the web's original social media source for pacific northwest fishing: our fishing
bulletin boards / forums ... you've found the right
place!
our site menu loads to the left.
just mouse-over the buttons for links to the information or fishing
trip that you're looking for. our if you have any difficulties
viewing the menu, text links appear at the bottom of every page.
the site is currently undergoing some layout changes, so please
bear with us as we make a few changes!


 



























































































































website slideshow by visualslideshow.com v2.0







 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



bob has been named as one the
west coast's top 25 steelhead & salmon fishing guides by
steelhead &
salmon journal.



 



learn more about advertising opportunities on piscatorial
pursuits to promote your outdoors (hunting / fishing) products or
business.
a great opportunity for
high-exposure, low-cost advertising with a targeted
audience!



 



- site news -
june 5, 2018
... yet another alaska fishing season is 
underway! with improved marine survival and increased hatchery plants in past 
years, our first-run kasilof king salmon fishing looks to be off to a solid 
start in 2018.
 


while smaller on average than their july 
cousins, first-run king salmon like this one caught on may 30 offer anglers what 
we believe to be the finest eating fish of all n the kenai peninsula streams.
we have some scattered openings throughout the rest of june to 
try your luck and some super specials to make a trip 
easier on your pocketbook!
for one of our favorite times of the year to fish, we also have 
some discounts available on remaining dates in our august and september silver 
salmon fishery too! peak dates are getting pretty full now for this late summer 
fishery, so hurry if you want in when the majority of the fish are!
 


late august kasilof river silver 
salmon from last season
 
looking ahead, our fall salmon fishery 
on the olympic peninsula projects to see increased numbers this fall with a 3 
fish (no more than one wild) fishery in our primary stream. 
catching kings and coho during the same timeframe with hands-on 
techinques ..... this fishery has long been one of customers' favorites. dates 
are very limited at this point, please contact us for our few remaining options!



join us in over two 
decades of making dreams come true on alaska's kenai peninsula!
alaska salmon,
halibut & trout fishing trips & packages from june 1 to
september 15.


- kenai, kasilof rivers - homer, seward,
ninilchik saltwater - western cook inlet fly outs -
for over two decades, we've offered both
local anglers as well as visitors to alaska unsurpassed service
and expertise fishing one the world's greatest salmon &
halibut sportfishing destinations: alaska's kenai
peninsula.
join bob, the kasilof river's longest full-time guide, for a
day or two of driftboat-based salmon fishing or experience one of
the area's other numerous fisheries with one the kenai peninsula's
most experienced team of salmon, halibut, and trout fishing
guides.
you can choose from single-day fishing charters or a fishing / lodging packages. our  fishing
season here runs from late may through latter september.
our guided alaska fishing trips /
packages include kenai & kasilof river king, silver, and sockeye salmon,
deep creek halibut fishing,  seward
combo charters, trophy trout, fly-outs,
glacier cruises, razor clamming & more.
we offer our guests a number of
choices for waterfront lodging too. you
can choose from both cabins or lodge-style accommodations, most
with waterfront including: lakefront, nestled along the banks of
the kenai or kasilof rivers, or overlooking cook inlet. there are
cabin choices ranging from small and intimate (perfect for couples)
ranging to large, exquisite hand-crafted log cabins that will sleep
up to ten!
we take pride in providing the
highest personal service: starting with honest, no-hassle trip
planning -- all the way through to helping you and your catch of
alaskan salmon & halibut make it home safely!






washington fall salmon, winter
steelhead, and spring chinook fishing
- olympic peninsula,  steelhead and salmon fishing guides -
now somewhat famous thanks to the 
books / movies of twilight, and now the nat geo channel's spectacle of 
the legend of mick dodge, for many years the small town of forks 
(pop. ~3100) was only known amongst a small segment of the public for three 
things: giant trees, unparalleled annual rainfall, and great fishing! 
join us on a float trip on one of the many rivers 
around forks on the renowned olympic
peninsula for king salmon to 60 pounds, silver (coho) salmon to 25, and the 
world's largest strain of winter-run steelhead like this one to the right. a 
trip with bob offers you over two decades of guiding experience on some of the 
salmon and steelhead's world most fabled
streams: the hoh, sol duc, bogachiel, and calawah rivers.
we cater to both conventional and fly anglers and 
you can even do both during the course of a single day if you wish. fishing 
techniques are typically very hands-on but are also able to be geared towards 
anglers of any ability level. if there's a particular technique that you wish to 
learn or utilize, we'll be happy to accommodate your request.
we offer guests the opportunity to
fish from either a heated driftboat or inflatable puma raft,  so we
have the flexibility to fish any section of river at any water
level. our washington salmon &
steelhead fishing season runs from september through late may and offers 
anglers world-class fisheries within a few hours drive of the seattle area.



 
- hot links
  -
- some recommended pages
    - 


piscatorial
    pursuits' outdoor forums - join thousands
      of members and talk salmon & halibut fishing, steelhead
      techniques & more!


salmon & steelhead weight
    calculator - get a close estimate of live
      weight of your released catch. we also have a halibut length & weight chart available
      as well!


reports & pictures - look for recent 
  reports & pictures from our guided fishing trips on the rivers and saltwater.


the fishing resource center
- tips, techniques, and links to useful salmon &
    steelhead fishing information.


the photo & video gallery  - now over 1250 images from both our alaska salmon &
    halibut fishing and our washington salmon and steelhead fishing
    trips!






 

please support our
sponsors!!




 


sales, service & fully loaded
fishing tackle department!



one of the hottest offerings for
steelhead fishing!




 




- contact info
-
email: rlball@olypen.com
to contact us by
phone :
toll free,
year-round: 866-fish2day (866-347-4232)
or   907-202-4747
have a question, or like to book
an alaska or washington fishing day trip or fishing package? use
our online information / booking request
form.

thanks to our
regular readers for continuing to make piscatorial pursuits one of
the most popular salmon / steelhead / halibut fishing sites on the
web!
 you
are visitor number  to view our homepage since
april 12, 1997.
over 9  million pages served in
2017!

- our privacy
policy -
text links for non-java enabled
browsers
| home |
alaska fishing | washington fishing | river reports | forums | fishing resource center | charter rates | contact
us | what about bob? | photo & video gallery | learn about the fish | recipes | site help &
faq |




this site, pages, and images designed by and 
copyright material of bob ball, bob's piscatorial pursuits - forks, washington and soldotna, alaska,
usa. encounter any problems?? if so, please email us.





