













auberge du soleil in napa valley, california | auberge resorts
































































































































skip to main content
skip to footer




































800.348.5406

book now









































stay


dine


wellness


experience


events & meetings


offers


itineraries


gallery




gift cards
getting here
newsletter sign up
shop
hotel information
resort map
responsible luxury
accessibility
giving back










arrive





depart












mar, 2025



arrive



mar, 2025



depart


check availability































































exceptional outdoor dining. luxurious residential-style accommodations.




















read more

the quintessential napa valley adult getaway
inspired by the south of france. infused with california soul.
showcasing breathtaking views, auberge du soleil is the dream of french restaurateur claude rouas. in 1981, with business partner bob harmon, rouas opened napa valley’s first fine-dining restaurant, designed to reflect a taste of provence in california wine country. the immediate success prompted the addition of “the inn of the sun” five years later. nestled within a terraced, sun-kissed hillside amid 33 acres of heritage olive and oak trees, the hotel’s 50 contemporary guestrooms and suites effortlessly blend relaxed sophistication with understated elegance, earning a long-standing reputation as wine country’s most iconic luxury property.

book now


gallery






















read more

the quintessential napa valley adult getaway
inspired by the south of france. infused with california soul.
showcasing breathtaking views, auberge du soleil is the dream of french restaurateur claude rouas. in 1981, with business partner bob harmon, rouas opened napa valley’s first fine-dining restaurant, designed to reflect a taste of provence in california wine country. the immediate success prompted the addition of “the inn of the sun” five years later. nestled within a terraced, sun-kissed hillside amid 33 acres of heritage olive and oak trees, the hotel’s 50 contemporary guestrooms and suites effortlessly blend relaxed sophistication with understated elegance, earning a long-standing reputation as wine country’s most iconic luxury property.

book now


gallery























love, sweet love


call 800.348.5406 or book online. make the most of your romantic escape together. through april 30, 2025, book two nights or more in the deluxe room or suite category of your choice to receive a $200 resort credit, complimentary bottle of auberge du soleil sparkling wine, 20% savings on all spa services, daily breakfast for two and more.



book now























rosé all may


call 800.348.5406 to book. exceptionally drinkable and hard to put down. rosé. it's summer-in-a-glass and it will be inescapable at auberge du soleil throughout the month of may, from the moment you arrive until we bid you "adieu."



book now























$100 resort credit + upgrade for mercedes-benz owners


call 800.348.5406 to book. mercedes-benz owners enjoy a host of special resort amenities with any length of stay at auberge du soleil.



drive program












stay at auberge du soleil












private maisons












deluxe suites














deluxe rooms












classic suites














classic rooms













all accommodations








accommodations




go home with a story
renowned for its culinary roots, spectacular views and exceptional service, auberge du soleil is dedicated to ensuring each guest experience is unique. enduring relationships with vintners and restaurateurs throughout the valley allow for exclusive access to some of the most sought-after - and little known - tours, tastings and dining experiences in wine country.


all
wellness
culinary
adventure
culture | art | design















game. set. match.
















cycle the napa valley vine trail
















restore your inner balance
















custom-tailored wine tasting
















art walk in the sculpture garden
















gathering in the grove: olive harvest
















painting and picnicking in le jardin











view all





awards & accolades




































heaven in wine country | a stay at the auberge is heaven. adults only property, set amidst an olive tree grove on the hill, with excellent views, staff and service. it's the only place to stay for a couple seeking relaxation, rejuvenation, and refuge in napa valley.





























casey via tripadvisor


may 31, 2022





auberge du soleil on instagram
share your photos with #alwaysauberge


follow @aubergedusoleil


guests images: terms & conditions





















the gateway to unparalleled luxury and one-of-a-kind experiences awaits


give the gift of extraordinary travel

gift cards
















join the adventure


subscribe and be the first to know about everything auberge.






submit



by signing up, you agree to our terms of service and privacy policy.
you may unsubscribe at any time.

submit





thank you for subscribing





never miss a moment






























auberge resorts collection







explore auberge resorts collection



auberge du soleil

napa valley, california



auberge beach residences

fort lauderdale, florida



bishop’s lodge

santa fe, new mexico



bowie house

fort worth, texas



chileno bay resort & residences

los cabos, mexico



commodore perry estate

austin, texas



domaine des etangs

domaine des etangs, massignac, france



element 52

telluride, colorado



esperanza

los cabos, mexico



etéreo

riviera maya, mexico



goldener hirsch

deer valley, utah



grace hotel

santorini, greece



hacienda altagracia

costa rica



hotel jerome

aspen, colorado



madeline hotel and residences

telluride, colorado



mauna lani

hawaii



mayflower inn and spa

washington, connecticut



primland resort

blue ridge mountains, virginia



sleeping indian lodge

ridgway, colorado



solage

napa valley, california



stanly ranch

napa valley, california



susurros del corazon

punta de mita, mexico



the dunlin

kiawah river, south carolina



the inn at mattei's tavern

los olivos, california



the lodge at blue sky

park city, utah



the vanderbilt

newport, rhode island



the woodward

geneva, switzerland



white barn inn

kennebunk, maine



wildflower farms

hudson valley, new york






opening soon



cambridge house, london, uk

late 2025



collegio alla querce, florence, italy

march 2025



moncayo, puerto rico

2027



shell bay club and resort, florida

2026



shore club, miami beach, florida

2027



the birdsall, houston, texas

2027



the knox hotel & residences, dallas, texas

2026







gift cards
offers
travel professionals
about us
contact
press
careers
privacy
website accessibility
shop











napa valley | 180 rutherford hill road rutherford, california 94573







napa valley | 180 rutherford hill road rutherford, california 94573



how can we help you?



book now
































contact us


us toll free


800.348.5406


resort phone


707.963.1211






email us


























