









lower nazareth township | public works | nazareth pa

















































































skip to content

























 
































 




							623 municipal dr						

		        			nazareth, pa 18064		        		












 




							(610) 759-7434						

contactlnt@lowernazareth.com 
























homeemploymentabout 

our history municipal profile township officials newsletter community bulletin board
eventsdepartments 

voter information 










learn more about 





 voter information



 budget & finance







planning & zoning 





 planning



 zoning



 permitting









 * planning  & zoning disclaimer













taxes 





 earned income tax



 local service tax



 real estate tax







public works 





 about



 ms4 program



 projects



 snow removal













recycling 





 household recycling



 electronic recycling



 household hazardous waste



 clean-up day



 yard waste



 leaf collection



 christmas trees



 latex paint



 document shredding














 budget & finance planning, zoning, & permitting taxes public works recycling
resources 

forms, publications, and ordinances 










information 





 forms, publications, & ordinances



 helpful links



 open space preservation













meetings 





 reports, resolutions, & agreements



 minutes & agenda













archives 





 reports, resolutions, & agreements archives



 minutes & agenda archives














 helpful links reports, resolutions, & agreements minutes & agenda resolutions archive – 2019 through 2023 minutes & agenda archive
emergency servicesrecreation 

parks splash park sports adult activities group summer park program
online options 

online payments online permitting file a complaint – coming soon!




































welcome to 











lower nazarethtownship 






contact  us



























lower nazarethtownship 


















						
						township information					




















contact us 














 
623 municipal drivenazareth, pa 18064


 
 
610-759-7434







office hours 


















sundayclosedmonday7:30am - 4:00pmtuesday7:30am - 4:00pmwednesday7:30am - 4:00pmthursday7:30am - 4:00pmfriday7:30am - 4:00pmsaturdayclosed


















						
						current weather					




















right now it's 











nazareth◉25°clear6:52 am5:37 pm estfeels like: 25°fwind: 2mph nnwhumidity: 63%pressure: 30.52"hguv index: 0weather forecast nazareth, pennsylvania ▸ 














						
						important announcements					




















what's going on in lower nazareth? 













 
 
ms4 permit and associated pollution reduction plan 



 
 
route 191 intersection improvement project updates



 
 
open space preservation application



 
 
sign up for nixle




 
easter egg hunt - april 12th 10am


 
 
electronics recycling day - may 7th 3pm-6pm









































dedication to our community 












the lower nazareth township public works department strives to maintain safe and clean parks, streets and open spaces. the department is responsible for street paving, park maintenance, leaf collection, snow removal, street cleaning and the yard waste recycling program. 







about public works























 



							calendar						

		        			stay updated on all meetings and events.		        		

















 



							newsletter						

		        			learn more about what’s going on in the community.		        		























  




							pa right to know						

		        			submit a records request form to receive your information.		        		

















 



							officials						

		        			get in touch with the members of each board.		        		

























the history of 



lower nazareth 



township 



the history of lower nazareth township 










					gently nestled in rich eastern pennsylvania farmland, it was originally part of the “walking purchase” of 1737. purchased from william penn, this area was originally known as “the drylands”. this 83 hundred-acre section was once thought to be doomed and was termed, “barren”. there was very little forest land as the indians had burned all of the vegetation to drive the game into the open to hunt. this “barren” appearance of the area gave rise to the popular superstition that no crops could be grown in this region as it was too “dry”. early residents held a rich religious heritage and named lower nazareth township after the biblical town of nazareth. in 1740 it was written, “the surface of the township is level; the soil limestone, and well improved by judicious course of crops, and careful culture, and very productive”. in 1807, lower nazareth was created. learn more  
















latest 



news 



latest news 




stay up to date with all the latest things, from meetings to special events, happening in lower nazareth township. 







view calendar




















											click for form to register and get updates on splash park construction progress										








											click for form to register										










route 191 & newburg road improvements


											click for updates on this project										























 



							forms & ordinances						

		        			download any form you need for the township.		        		



	                                    learn more	                                




















 



							emergency services						

		        			we are served by the colonial regional police department.		        		



	                                    learn more	                                




















 



							outdoor recreation						

		        			visit one of our many beautiful parks or take part in sports.		        		



	                                    learn more	                                




















 



							planning & zoning						

		        			get all of the necessary permits to develop land.		        		



	                                    learn more	                                

























































 




















facebook-f
 



twitter
 












get in touch 






 
623 municipal drivenazareth, pa 18064get directions



 
(610) 759-7434


 
 
contactlnt@lowernazareth.com













navigate site 





 
 
township officials



 
 
newsletter



 
 
calendar



 
 
meetings









 
 
planning & zoning



 
 
taxes



 
 
public works



 
 
recycling









 
 
resources



 
 
emergency services



 
 
recreation



 
 
contact









 
 
resources



 
 
emergency services









 
 
recreation



 
 
contact



















				general site disclaimer | planning & zoning disclaimer

this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply. 
© copyright 2025 lower nazareth township | all rights reserved | this site designed and hosted by enter.net 









close menu






















pa right 



to know 



pa right to know 









records request information 





 
 
open records policy



 
 
records request form



 
 
office of open records









records request email address:recordsrequest@lowernazareth.com


 contact records officer































































