ï»¿



quaint bed & breakfast in key west | ambrosia key west







































































skip to content










facebook for ambrosia key west



twitter for ambrosia key west



instagram for ambrosia key west



















book now






×
make a reservation







have a question?
1-305-296-9838












check-in )








check-out 








adults






children






promo code




check availability











toggle navigation









rooms & suites

pet friendly
packages


amenities

on-site massage


area guide

activities
dining
nightlife
local events


about

faq
testimonials
gallery


contact & location

property map































 escape to paradise 
key west's most tranquil bed and breakfast






when a guest stays at a key west collection by riley property they can expect to receive excellent service from a team of dedicated hospitality professionals, a comfortable and memorable stay, and a host of wonderful amenities; all of which are included in the properties’ daily room rate. this means that no guest of ours will ever pay a resort fee or a credit card processing fee.  each of our historic properties in old town offer different and unique experiences that include but are not limited to activity planning and concierge assistance, access to refreshing swimming pools, breakfast, free wifi, bag storage, great in-room amenities, and complimentary daily happy hour (available at select properties). we guarantee that our advertised daily room rate is what you pay with no hidden fees or surprises and just one of the reasons why so many guests choose to “make new memories with us.”















ambrosia key westour florida bed and breakfast
welcome to ambrosia key west, our tranquil tropical resort nestled in the heart of the southernmost city’s old town historic district. our spacious, tropical-themed rooms, suites, town homes, and cottages have private baths and entrances opening to an intimate outdoor space, including private verandas, pools, and luscious gardens. we offer a host of amenities including a buffet breakfast every day. ambrosia key west provides a stunning, tropical backdrop for an intimate wedding along with group rates for any special occasion. 


                              learn more
                         



























image slide1, link to larger image, group of friends at the beach























welcome to the southernmost city















poolsiderelaxation
set in a former tropical nursery, our bed and breakfast offers a warm and welcoming atmosphere, perfect for relaxing in our courtyard surrounded by palm trees before taking a dip in one of our three refreshing pools.

learn more




















beachsidedestinations
because ambrosia is centrally located, our hotel is within walking distance of the duval street entertainment district, mallory square, and the historic seaport. you’ll be just minutes from most of the island’s museums, beaches, water sports, and attractions, including dozens of world-class restaurants, galleries, and shops.

learn more




















join our mailing list



sign up now







share your vacation with us!
@ambrosiakwtropicallodging
















































 





















rooms & suites


faqs


web accessibility


contact us


sitemap






footer navigation for mobile

navigation




















ambrosia key west

622 fleming street
key west,
florida
33040
united states


 phone: 
1-305-296-9838















facebook for ambrosia key west



instagram for ambrosia key west






























hotel website designbyvizergy





scroll to top








call us


location


book now


































