     new & used chevrolet dealership chesapeake va | priority chevrolet greenbrier                            





                           











  
















schedule service


we buy cars


priority chevrolet greenbrier












sales
757-573-2043



service
757-573-2044

parts
757-573-2045





1495 s military hwy
chesapeake, va 23320
                            
 






service







map







contact
























schedule service


we buy cars
schedule service



priority chevrolet greenbrier






 


      call 757-573-2043   directions    

                 new   test drive chevy ev   search inventory   buy online    new chevrolet silverado 1500   new chevrolet tahoe   new chevrolet suburban   new chevrolet equinox   new chevrolet trax   business elite   2024 chevrolet blazer ev   2024 chevrolet equinox ev   2024 chevrolet silverado ev   kbb instant cash offer     used   search inventory   $20k and under   search used work trucks   shop carbravo   used shopping guide   value your trade   kbb instant cash offer     carbravo   work trucks   new work truck inventory   used work truck inventory   pickups   cab chassis   commercial vehicle center   chevrolet special offers     lifted trucks   specials   new specials   used specials   service & parts specials     service & parts   schedule service    service & parts   gm accessories     body shop   finance   30 second pre-approval    finance   value your trade   service & parts financing   bad credit chevrolet financing   vehicle protection packages   get pre-qualified with capital one   kbb instant cash offer     about   our dealership   hours & directions   priorities for life   careers   onstar assistance	   fuel efficiency shopping guide   priorities amenities    our events   product cancellation process   my chevrolet rewards   gm rewards   ev information   electric                      home   new   test drive chevy ev   search inventory   buy online    new chevrolet silverado 1500   new chevrolet tahoe   new chevrolet suburban   new chevrolet equinox   new chevrolet trax   business elite   2024 chevrolet blazer ev   2024 chevrolet equinox ev   2024 chevrolet silverado ev   kbb instant cash offer     used   search inventory   $20k and under   search used work trucks   shop carbravo   used shopping guide   value your trade   kbb instant cash offer     carbravo   work trucks   new work truck inventory   used work truck inventory   pickups   cab chassis   commercial vehicle center   chevrolet special offers     lifted trucks   specials   new specials   used specials   service & parts specials     service & parts   schedule service    service & parts   gm accessories     body shop   finance   30 second pre-approval    finance   value your trade   service & parts financing   bad credit chevrolet financing   vehicle protection packages   get pre-qualified with capital one   kbb instant cash offer     about   our dealership   hours & directions   priorities for life   careers   onstar assistance	   fuel efficiency shopping guide   priorities amenities    our events   product cancellation process   my chevrolet rewards   gm rewards   ev information   electric               





 









inventory search
     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified carbravo    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         





      important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                                         important information                                                                    







special offers
view specials










schedule service
schedule now




      search new inventory     search used inventory        

     view our lineup    suvs  |  trucks  |  cars          malibu      camaro      corvette          trax      equinox      trailblazer      blazer      traverse      tahoe      suburban          colorado      silverado 1500      silverado 2500hd      silverado 3500hd      express        
     

quality service
certified service experts can help
we made your chevrolet the superior vehicle it is today and we want to ensure it remains that way. priority chevrolet greenbrier technicians are highly trained and certified to perform whatever work you may need on your vehicle. schedule your next appointment with us today.
schedule service


     


schedule test drive
get behind the wheel and book your next test drive.
schedule test drive




carbravo certified pre-owned vehicles
from search to purchase and beyond - carbravo is changing the used vehicle game.
search used

      



chevy trucks
featuring high-strength steel, fully boxed frames and innovative cargo beds, they're the family of the most-dependable, longest-lasting full-size pickups on the road. choose the truck that best meets your needs.


new trucks


used trucks







 
      



priority chevrolet chesapeake
commitment to providing excellent services to our customers is the main pillar on which priority chevrolet’s ethics are built. our dealership is your premier source for parts, services, tires, accessories, and new and used vehicles. we are your one-stop shop for every vehicle need that you may have. looking for financing? no problem! priority chevrolet also has a financing department, waiting to make owning your dream vehicle a reality. make the most of our hours and directions page. drop by our chesapeake chevrolet store to learn more about the services that we provide!
more about us




     


    sales hours         monday 9:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 8:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 7:00pm     sunday 12:00pm - 5:00pm         service hours         monday 7:30am - 6:00pm    tuesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:30am - 6:00pm    friday 7:30am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 5:00pm     sunday closed         parts hours         monday 7:30am - 6:00pm    tuesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:30am - 6:00pm    friday 7:30am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 5:00pm     sunday closed        
     



follow us on social media


                            


     about priority chevrolet greenbrier
priority chevrolet greenbrier is your hometown chevy dealer in chesapeake, servicing hampton, yorktown, and williamsburg. for over two decades we've offered unrivaled sales and service on all chevy vehicles, with lifetime guarantees on the vehicles we sell.
give us a call at 757-573-2043 or stop into our showroom to see the priority difference for yourself today!


priorities for life
priority chevrolet greenbrier customers tend to be customers for life, because of our priorities for life guarantees. when you buy a car, truck, or suv here, you're part of a program that will save you money on ownership cars for the life of the vehicle. that means lifetime engine guarantee, state inspections, and parts and service guarantees.
it's not just about selling you a car at priority chevrolet greenbrier. it's about making sure you love that car and can keep driving it for many years to come. when you buy from us, you're not just getting a great new car or truck, you're getting one that will last while saving you on ownership costs.
treating you like one of our own
it's not just about saving you ownership cost money or getting you into the cabin of a new chevy equinox, tahoe, traverse, colorado or 1500-series pickup truck at our dealership. it's about offering you a one-of-a-kind and welcoming experience that you won't find anywhere else. it's about treating you with warmth and respect like you're one of our own.
when you walk into our dealership, we have only one goal, and that's to provide the very best customer service. everything we do is geared towards providing you a stress- and hassle-free experience every step of the way.


supporting our community
our priorities aren't just geared toward car sales, either. we live and work in the same communities as you, so we also have the priorities for change program, supporting many local charities and organizations that have a positive effect on our region, such as the boys & girls club, ability center of virginia, children's hospital of the king's daughters, roc solid foundation, seton youth shelters, stop, inc., our military kids, and many others.
we also host the priority toyota charity bowl to raise money for the joy fund and other children's charities every year. keep your eyes open for our presence at local charity events, and be sure to say hello when you see us!
outstanding sales and service at priority chevrolet greenbrier
of course, all of this comes back to our outstanding sales and service. we are, after all, a car dealership. we are proud to offer an unmatched selection of new and pre-owned cars, trucks, and suvs, and to encourage you to take all the time you need to find the one you want. we'll get you the best deals and incentives for any credit situation, and we'll keep your car running with genuine, oem factory chevy parts for years to come with expert chevy technicians working from a state-of-the-art repair facility. when you're ready to do it all again, we'll still be here with the same priorities, geared towards a perfect experience.


    


 contact | lithia privacy | directions | investor relations | employment | lithia.com | lithia4kids | customer service | buy, sell, service cars online - driveway.com




                  copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | priority chevrolet greenbrier | 1495 s military hwy, chesapeake, va 23320 | sales: 757-573-2043              























                         