


kiss kiss and all that



























friday, september 29, 2006



	 
	 because ugly dogs are just so darn cute
	 
    
you may have heard of the "world's ugliest dog competition," which crowns the scrawniest, wartiest, butt-ugliest pooches in the country. well, tonight the animal planet channel is airing this year's contest in all its glory at 9 p.m. and archie and elwood, two chinese cresteds seen above, are among the dogs in the running. i could tell you who won but i don't want to spoil the surprise! to see the actual dog judging in action, check out this slightly corny video from years past ...related link: vote for world's ugliest dog

posted by roxie @ 12:08 am
0 comments






thursday, september 28, 2006



	 
	 nick carter: paris is a 'vampire'!
	 
    
"backstreet boy" nick carter admitted in a radio interview thursday that he was so "scared" of hoochie girlfriend paris hilton that he held out for "2 ½ weeks" before giving it up! "the sex vid was out (i didn’t watch it till i broke up with her), and i was like, 'is this some freakin' sex bitch?'" he says.nick and li'l bro aaron also told howard stern on the air that in the beginning, paris was so eager to impress him she "cleaned his carpets" -- and we don’t mean the ones in his pants!"she's a good actress, i'll give it to her," he says. "in the very beginning, she was literally cleaning my carpet in my apartment trying to act all domestic. before you know it, a month goes by and she's got her nose all up in the air like, 'who are you?'"nick says he met her at the restaurant koi and describes paris and her l.a. posse as soulless, spoiled "vampires," who sleep all day and party all night: "i was like am in 'blade'? is the blood gonna come out of the sprinklers and they're gonna feed on each other?'" he says he had the last laugh however, when he cheated on her after about 4 months. "i just went on a rampage and it was kind of a shock to her ego and that's basically what happened. i had the balls to admit it to her. i said, 'i did this, this and this,' and she was like, 'noooo, god!'"i'd almost feel bad for the heirhead except that she's now dating rocker travis barker, who has only been separated from his wife shanna moakler for about 30 seconds!technorati: paris + entertainment +  news + nick carter + howard stern

posted by roxie @ 11:19 pm
0 comments









	 
	 um, this is modeling?
	 
    
far be it from me to criticize the wise and powerful tyra banks and her "top model" crew, but the "hair wars" photo shoot on last night's show was hilariously toe up! tyra enlisted a team of "weavologists," who compete in urban hair shows, to create some insanely over the top hair dos (hair "dids"?) for the model wannabes, including this birdbrained get-up and a "haystack" hair don't with a spinning windmill on top. i busted out laughing when twin amanda (or is it michelle?), seen above, joked that she looked like a broke-ass "toucan sam"! she was lucky, however, compared to poor brooke, below, who got stuck with this 4th of july contraption ...but in the end, it was cute, little megan, dolled up like an unfortunate cocker spaniel ("spaceballs" anyone?), who was cut from the competition. aww, but she's so fluffy and cute! hey, if she's lucky, maybe pocket pooch lover paris hilton will adopt her ... 

posted by roxie @ 11:44 am
1 comments






tuesday, september 26, 2006



	 
	 ashlee's good side
	 
    
ashlee simpson wowed london crowds with her freaky gymnastic display in the new run of "chicago," which opened last night. jessica's lil sis plays my namesake, roxie hart, in the stage musical and says she was blown away by the, like, deep themes in the play. "the play absolutely is all about celebrity and wanting to be famous and have your name in the papers," she explained. "in that sense, it's been kind of cool because i've really got to connect to that." like, totally, ash!

posted by roxie @ 5:26 pm
0 comments






sunday, september 24, 2006



	 
	 fergie: this is her brain on drugs
	 
    
days after admitting she used to be a meth-head, pop ho fergie is starting to dress like your average crack head. here she is on mtv's trl flapping her bra.... ... and a few days later, wearing half-zipped boots out on the streets of new york before a taping of david letterman. won't someone please help fergie get the help she so desperately needs?

posted by roxie @ 6:09 pm
0 comments






friday, september 22, 2006



	 
	 friday funnies: mc alex trebek  sippin' on gin and juice!
	 
    
"jeopardy" host alex trebek raps about as well as william shatner, which makes it even funnier to hear him read lyrics by snoop, ll cool j and the beastie boys as part of the game's "mc trebek" category.

posted by roxie @ 10:54 am
0 comments






thursday, september 21, 2006



	 
	 kill the stylist! two starlets, one dress
	 
    
oh, someone is going to pay! christina applegate and rachel griffiths both showed up in the same frock last night at hollywood's "women in film" brouhaha and you know how testy that can be. even stranger, who would have thought "six feet under"'s nympho would actually look better than tv's kelly bundy in the hugo boss gown?i have to admit, i've never understood the kate moss fascination and this cirque du soleil dominatrix outfit isn't helping ...and you can take the poor orphaned girl out of the russian block country ...... but you can't keep her from dressing like a soviet streetwalker! yep, that's once-cute olympic skating medalist oksana baiul at ny fashion week. please tell me that's not an actual care bear on her shirt!!

posted by roxie @ 11:19 am
0 comments






wednesday, september 20, 2006



	 
	 clay answers the gay question a thousand different ways
	 
    
pop elf clay aiken is opening up in the new issue of people magazine, on stands friday, in a very, very impish way. after weeks of silence, he finally addresses the gay tabloid rumors and those grainy photos of a clay lookalike stripping on the web. when he saw the photos, he says he thought, "'that doesn't look like me, but then i thought, 'well, a little bit.' but it's not. so i laughed at it. but what was different and what bothered me was that the rumors kept on. i would have friends over at the house who i went to high school with and there was always, like, this little gorilla in the room." hey, what did he just call ruben studdard? but, seriously, when asked directly by the mag if he is, in fact, biting the pillows, clay really starts dancing: "what do you say to that question? you know what it's like? it's like when i was 8. i remember something would get broken in the house and mom and dad would call me in and say, 'did you do this?' well, it didn’t matter what i said. the only thing they would believe was yes. i used to think, 'why would they ask? they think i did it. it doesn’t matter what i say.' that is what i've discovered. it doesn’t matter what i say. people are going to believe what they want."well, clay, i'm no expert, but i suppose you could just say, "i'm gay," and be done with it. but hey, that's just me!for more, visit www.people.com!

posted by roxie @ 11:24 am
0 comments






tuesday, september 19, 2006



	 
	 and swirl! new 'top model' debuts tonight
	 
    
a new cycle of "america's next top model" starts tonight at 8 with a two-hour premiere and a whole new crop of hopeless smalltown girls just waiting to be transformed! i got a peek at the premiere and, as usual, all our fave stereotypes are present: the bitchy girl, the stripper, the teen mom, the narrowminded republican, the hard luck case and - -- eek! -- the twins. but wait ... this is top model, not "the tyra banks show," so some of these biatches will have to go! find out whom tonight on "the cw."

posted by roxie @ 11:17 pm
0 comments









	 
	 steve-o grateful to  nicole richie for teasing his jiblets
	 
    
professional "jackass" steve-o dished all the pathetic details about his hook-up with nicole richie to howard stern on tuesday, saying he did spend the night with the lollipop-headed heirhead but was too chicken to make a move! so he jerked off to her backside. "she had her back to me," he said, "and she was dead asleep when i rubbed the first one out. i was, like, trying to wake her up when i was rubbing one out ... and ultimately i squeezed her hard enough the second two times she was totally awake. she never rolled over to face me." far from being offended by this total rejection however, steve-o said he was grateful she was even there. "i was being so careful not to offend her in anyway  because i wanted to be in those tabloid magazines!" he says. "i loved it!" he continues. "she said, 'i just broke off an engagement,' and the truth is she wanted some publicity for something other than being skinny. it was a big publicity stunt. she would come pick me up. i don’t drive. i think she called the paparazzi too. these muther effers were coming from all directions. i'm even giving interviews to the video paparazzi, and i thought this is the kind of scrutiny i want  to be under. i want to be in the tabloids! i fuckin' loved it. i have no hard feelings. i don’t think she has any hard feelings for me."as for nicole's extra-crispy chicken bones, steve-o says he has no problem with her skinny physique: "i didn't care what she fuckin' ate. i think she looks a lot damn better skinny than fat!"

posted by roxie @ 10:35 pm
0 comments









	 
	 why would this woman's son be depressed?
	 
    
no one was more shocked than me about the death of anna nicole's son last week in the bahamas after he, according to his mom, wouldn't "wake up," while visiting her in her maternity hospital room. (she delivered a baby girl named hannah.)  now, the big news is that he was on the anti-depressant, lexapro, at the time of his mysterious death. duh, anyone? if my mom was a slurry walking hangover like anna, i'd be snorting anti-depressants like cocaine!

posted by roxie @ 11:02 am
1 comments






wednesday, september 13, 2006



	 
	 britney squirts out another feder-billy!
	 
    
remember when britney spears was an adorable pop tart with a sparkling smile and a size 0 waist? well those days are ovuh, fool! zitney is a mama again, having given birth today to another baby boy. don't get me wrong, i think sean preston is the bee's knees, but how is brit gonna carry her cheetos and malt liquor now with two handfuls of man-babies? k-fed, if you're out there, please have a heart, and leave the woman's love canal be for two seconds!

posted by roxie @ 12:51 am
0 comments









	 
	 fergie likes her meth, her meth, her meth, her meth
	 
    
i always had a feeling fergie had a weakness for the pipe, and now she's confessing in time magazine she was pimp-slapped by crystal meth! "it was the hardest boyfriend i ever had to break up with," she tells the magazine. "i dug deep as to why i got there. it's the drug that's addicting. but it's why you start doing it in the first place that's interesting. a lot of it was being a child actor; i learned to suppress feelings." in case you were wondering, fergie is really stacy ferguson, star of the goofy song and dance show "kids incorporated" from 1984-'89. yes, the show was so bad it made "full house" look like "the sopranos," but could it really drive you to the meth???

posted by roxie @ 12:39 am
1 comments






sunday, september 10, 2006



	 
	 congrats, maria! tennis's new girly girl
	 
    
maria sharapova slaughtered justine henin-hardenne (6-4, 6-4) saturday to win the u.s. open. after watching burly, she-males like lindsay davenport and monica seles rule the courts for so long, it's so much fun to see a girly 19-year-old like maria take center court. here's maria posing with her trophy (above) and happily imitating fashion idol audrey hepburn ("funny face"). nike custom-made audrey-like outfits for the spokesbabe, including her final, all-black, tennis dress, which included a round collar, black bow around the waist and even crystals for "sparkle"! she accessorized it with her usual gold, dangly earrings and a black bow in her hair. maria reportedly ripped out pages from fashion magazines and showed them to the senior product designer for nike, who used them as inspiration to create the looks. her selections added up to a style that was "classic givenchy." "the look of it was basically like a little black dress for going out on the town," maria told the ny times. "night matches in new york are kind of the 'it' thing, so you can do something a little more crazy and extravagant and get away with it." yay, tennis is girly again! 

posted by roxie @ 2:18 pm
0 comments






thursday, september 07, 2006



	 
	 thank you, hollywood p.d. for ridding the streets of filthy heirheads!
	 
    
joy, joy! cops finally pulled over professional party hooch paris hilton 12:30 a.m. for driving erratically and cuffed the biatch. cops gave her a field sobriety test, and paris blew a .08. in california, driving with a .08 blood alcohol level is the minimum level for dui. the heirhead was arrested and taken to the lapd hollywood division, where she was photographed and booked. as per usual, her responsible lil sis nicky came by with boy toy kevin connolly ("entourage") to spring paris. today she called into the ryan seacrest show and said she was starvin' after shooting a music video (in which i'm sure she doesn't sing) and that she had one "margarita" and just wanted an in 'n' out burger. hmm, wonder what the carl's jr. folks think of that one!

posted by roxie @ 5:22 pm
1 comments






wednesday, september 06, 2006



	 
	 travolta flies the bi-friendly skies
	 
    
why, danny zuko, why?

posted by roxie @ 11:54 pm
0 comments









	 
	 suri cruise: think nice things or her alien brethren will vaporize yer a$$
	 
    
it's entirely possible i may have had too much kahlua when i wrote that headline but i can't stop thinking about that scene from "war of the worlds"! as you've no doubt heard, tom and katie agreed to let their darling alien infant be photographed by vanity fair and she is quite the adorable blue-eyed, black-haired little moppet. cbs evening news scooped the world with these photos on their nightly newscast. let me be the first to say that she doesn't look at all extraterrestrial, even with those strangely almond-shaped eyes that are boring, boring into my skull ....

posted by roxie @ 11:37 pm
0 comments






tuesday, september 05, 2006



	 
	 before his mail order bride, emilio was a malibu pimp!
	 
    
after marrying slurry paula abdul (eek!) and dating saggy-kneed demi moore, who can blame emilio estevez for being a bachelor for so long? at the venice film fest, where he's showing his big-haired biopic of the kennedy era, "bobby," "the repo man" announced he's engaged to girlfriend sonja magdevski -- hmm, mail-order bride, anyone? this will surely be grim news for a busty blonde friend of mine who actually had high hopes of landing emilio for herself! she dragged me to his malibu estate, casa emilio, in 2002, hoping to be inducted into the sheen empire -- and we did have a grand old time. emilio makes a mean apple-tini and has a ping pong table on his patio. thank god, charlie sheen wasn't in the hizzay or there might have been a different kind of ping-pong show on hand! alas, emilio bedded my pal, but nothing ever developed. she said he was a bit of a poser anyway, claiming he was "too famous" to go out on dinner dates, and therefore insisting that he always come over for homecooked meals. as if!

posted by roxie @ 5:42 pm
0 comments









	 
	 so long, andre!
	 
    
who knew tennis could be so emotional? tennis great andre agassi retired from tennis this weekend with lots of tears and a heartfelt farewell to the new york fans of the u.s. open. "the scoreboard said i lost today, but what the scoreboard didn't say is what it is i have found," he said, his lower lip quivering and tears rolling from his big brown teddy bear eyes. "over the last 21 years, i have found you, and i will take you, and the memory of you, with me for the rest of my life." i'm sad to see andre leave the game, but not as sad as i was to see him shave his mullet in the late '90s! he used to be the bad boy of tennis with his black tennis threads, neon shorts and ratty blonde locks. but he later joined the tennis establishment, shaving his head and wearing all white. guess everyone has to grow up sometime. good luck and farewell, andre! this is how i'll always remember 'ya (foto from 1990) ...

posted by roxie @ 12:47 pm
0 comments






thursday, august 31, 2006



	 
	 apprentice bloodbath! carolyn axed
	 
    
so it's like that, eh, donald? carolyn kepcher is usually the axewoman in "the apprentice" boardroom, but today she found her own head on the chopping block! donald trump fired his cool, right-hand blonde for "excessive self-promotion," according to the ny post. (self promotion? hmm, what would the donald know about that?) carolyn was the chief operating officer of two of trump's golf courses and his chief snitch, always reporting back to "the donald" on the teams as they performed their weekly challenges. ever since her lucrative tv gig, she's performed speaking engagements, made a number of talk-show appearances and two years ago wrote a book called "carolyn 101."

posted by roxie @ 12:22 pm
1 comments






wednesday, august 30, 2006



	 
	 fun with treadmills: my new video heroes
	 
    
i never really dug treadmills until i saw kooky chicago band ok go's new video for "here it goes again." the guys strut and jump flawlessly between four treadmills all while singing -- and tomorrow night they're going to perform their death-defying act live at 8 p.m. on the mtv vmas. burn rubber, bros!

posted by roxie @ 5:05 pm
0 comments






tuesday, august 29, 2006



	 
	 matt leinart gonna be a baby daddy!
	 
    
hunky ballplayer and junior pimp matt leinart is expecting -- and it's not paris's, kristin cavallari's or even b-frie nick lachey's! the former usc qb-turned-arizona cardinal, who's been spotted squiring hollywood's most in-demand blondes, has apparently knocked up women's hoops player brynn cameron (see below). he's 23 and she's all of 20. i have two words for matt: pre-nup!

posted by roxie @ 5:51 pm
0 comments









	 
	 paris' album a 'certified flop'
	 
    
record industry geeks are calling paris hilton's debut album a "certified flop" after it sold just 75,000 copies in the u.s. during its first week out. how bad is that? well, consider that x-tina's new disc sold 320,000 and you get the drift. tongues are wagging that the heir-head is devastated and that producer scott storch is calling her hourly to berate her. poor paris! guess she'll have to give up her lifelong dream of singing and embrace her 9-to-5 grind of giving head and spreading herpes.technorati: paris hilton + entertainment +  news

posted by roxie @ 4:59 pm
0 comments









	 
	 alyssa milano unveils cute ballpark tops
	 
    
just when i thought alyssa milano's legacy to the world would be bad "who's the boss" and "charmed" re-runs, girlfriend has surprised me by launching her own fashion line of cute, sporty tops girls can wear to baseball games. "women should be able to look stylish while cheering on their favourite team," she says. go on, girl! if you're a sports fan or your boyfriend has ever dragged you to a baseball game, you know it's almost impossible to look stylish and sporty -- esp with all those goofy foam fingers and giant cups of beer floating around. alyssa's tops, called touch by alyssa milano, look like they come in kimono styles and even cinched blouses with various team logos "tastefully" displayed. she even has jeans! i for one am psyched to see the line when it comes out in stores spring 2007.

posted by roxie @ 3:35 pm
1 comments






monday, august 28, 2006



	 
	 kill the stylist! emmy dresses and hot messes
	 
    
sandra oh-no!austin powers, eat your heart out! simon cowell's manly chest rug is all real, baby.did dr. meredith skin barney to make her purple velvet dress?i almost "auf'd" when i saw heidi klum's pregnant hooker dress!jeremy piven was heard to remark, "they're always after me lucky charms!"

posted by roxie @ 2:54 pm
0 comments






friday, august 25, 2006



	 
	 britney now more embarrassing than k-fed
	 
    
you gotta give britney spears credit. the girl just can't stop acting a fool! here she is at the emmy shopping suites (where desperate products come to give celebs free shit) wearing a white top hat and throwing some ridiculous gang signs like her hubby, vanilla ice. oops, i mean, k-fed-her-a-line. word to ya mother, brit!

posted by roxie @ 2:55 pm
0 comments






tuesday, august 22, 2006



	 
	 kristin snubs jessica at teen choice
	 
    
behind all the love and support floating around onstage at the teen choice awards, there was some serious diss-ing going on! "laguna beach" hottie and nick lachey rebound babe kristin cavallari fled the red carpet after seeing jessica simpson flounce her way, according to open all night media, www.oanmedia.com, who shot this great candid photo of the about-face in action. hmmm, somehow i doubt l.c. has this much of an entourage!

posted by roxie @ 3:24 pm
0 comments









	 
	 music for the blind?
	 
    
deaf ... and dumb?after all the buzz, paris hilton's album finally drops today. "i, like, cry, when i listen to it, it's so good," the heir-head tells blender magazine of the new disc. have you heard it? if so, let me know what you think! i'm sure they had to do a lot of mixing to plump up that squeaky voice, but hey, it can't be worse than anything k-fed could cough up! "don't hate cuz i'm a superstar, yo!" lol.

posted by roxie @ 12:23 pm
0 comments






monday, august 21, 2006



	 
	 'snakes' winds up b.o. roadkill
	 
    
 so much for the hype! like most reptiles, 'snakes on a plane' died an ignominious death at the theaters this weekend. the high concept but low turnout flick opened with a weak $13.8 million for second place, unless you count the studio's desperate attempt to get beancounters to include their thursday night ticket sales of about $1.5 million. (apparently, moviegoers would rather see 'talladega nights' will ferrell prancing around in his tidy whities than those "mother-effin' snakes on that mother-effin' plane!") today, the wow report chronicled the snakes tragic overdose outside the viper room last night, and the movie's star samuel jackson is reportedly calling all ticket-buyers personally to apologize for the debacle.

posted by roxie @ 10:57 am
0 comments










yet more star gossip. drink the hater-ade! it's yummy.

about me

name:  roxie 
location:  hollywood, ca 
i'm a real girl who lives for, shops like and obsesses about celebs in hollyweird, calif. how 'bout you?

for fun i like to: watch "scrubs" marathons, play tennis (love my man roger federer!), howl at "america's next top model" and then practice my "signature" runway walk in my bedroom, imitate paris hilton's real voice (she talks like a man!), stuff my face with sprinkles cupcakes, and shop bloomie's shoe and fred segal sales!
view my complete profile

top 5 movies

1. jackass 2, $28 million
2. jet li's fearless, $10.6 million
3. gridiron gang, $9.7 million
4. flyboys, $6 million
5. everyone's hero, $4.7 million

previous posts

because ugly dogs are just so darn cute
nick carter: paris is a 'vampire'!
um, this is modeling?
ashlee's good side
fergie: this is her brain on drugs
friday funnies: mc alex trebek  sippin' on gin and...
kill the stylist! two starlets, one dress
clay answers the gay question a thousand different...
and swirl! new 'top model' debuts tonight
steve-o grateful to  nicole richie for teasing his...

archives

november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006

links

www.ifilm.com
the bosh
d-listed.com
www.people.com
perezhilton.com
fashion follies! vote on celeb outfits
best ghosthunting show ever















