






actblue — billions raised online since 2004









 








skip to content ↘





features
blog
help







fundraise with actblue
sign in













raised online since 2004





          powering democratic candidates & progressive causes across the country.
        

donate to a candidate or cause
fundraise with actblue












single-click donating

meet actblue express lane




14,812,490 democratic donors have saved their payment information with us via an actblue express account.


          the best part? express users can use their account to give to any candidate or organization on actblue. and with our actblue express lane toolset, you can build single-click automatic payment links for your fundraising emails. that means happier supporters and higher conversion rates.
        








get to know us

why we’re better
free customizable contribution forms and flexible fundraising tools, wherever you are












              unlimited brandedcontribution forms
            












              data and easy-to-use analytics tools at your fingertips
            














              mobile-optimized forms that keep your conversion rates sky-high
            












              a customer service team that handles all of your donor questions, saving you time and money
            






learn more








giving you the edge

want to see ourtools in action?

          we’ll help you set up a head-to-head a/b test with your current system. we’ve never lost a statistically significant a/b test.


set up a test


          free & no strings attached, as always
        








trusted by the grassroots


          powering democratic candidates, committees, parties,
          organizations, and c4s around the country.
        








higher conversion rates await

get set up





















 










the organization


about actblue
contact us
jobs
blog
ab charities




tools


actblue express
pricing




support


for campaigns and organizations
for donors and supporters
recurring contributions
help
developer documentation








paid for by actblue (actblue.com) and not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.contributions or gifts to actblue are not deductible as charitable contributions for federal income tax purposes.


              actblue charities is not responsible for any political content on this page.
            








              © 2006-2025 actblue. all rights reserved.

              
privacy
                   
                terms of service














