


faculty / staff websites and bios | communications strategy | expertise | brand, communications and creative strategy | umass lowell
















skip to main content








            visit                        



            a-z directory                        



            alumni                        



            myuml                        



            request info                        



            make a gift                        



search





















menu



            youbook                        



            about                        



            academics                        



            research                        



            admissions & aid                        



            student life                        



            athletics                        












home

brand, communications and creative strategy

expertise

communications strategy

web content services



faculty / staff websites and bios








brand, communications and creative strategy


expertise


enrollment marketing & brand strategy


communications strategy


media relations


social media


web content services


faculty websites & bios


faculty/staff online biography update
 


forms


eventbrite information
 


hawki monitors & policies


today@umass lowell


blogs


contact communications strategy
 


content & creative


web development & experience
 


meet the team


resources and guidelines


contact us
 









our office understands the importance of having a professional web presence for our faculty, staff and students.biography (bio.) pages are available for all faculty and staff, as well as doctoral students or student employees (at the department's discretion). additionally, professional website hosting is available for full-time faculty with the support of information technology.please click on the tabs below to get information on:faculty and staff biographies (bios) (see a sample faculty/staff bio)photo for bio pagesweb presence for full-time faculty, including
faculty websites: elementorfaculty websites: faculty.uml.educourse materialsonce you've done so please submit a bio update form. 




faculty and staff bios





as of november 2020, faculty bios are fully hosted in tridion with the exception of manning school of business faculty. through contract renewal with watermark, faculty of the manning school will continue to update all of their content through the faculty success (former digital measures, dm) interface. the umass lowell web office maintains the component and page of all uml.edu bios, so msb faculty must submit a bio update form, to have a uml.edu presence. dm content will feed into msb bios with the exception of the image and the title.below is the template for the faculty and staff bios that include all of the available fields.you do not have to fill out all of them in order to have a published bio (those required are indicated with an asterisk*).there are many bios that consist of as little as name, title, phone and email, however many have all or most of these fields filled out. you can also view your area's department etc. list to get a better idea what others have done.the fields available in the bio template consist of:first name*last name*suffix (ph.d. etc.)titlepronounsdepartment*officephonefaxemail*expertise/activities (this is what feeds to the list view along with the name and department as well)educational background (school, degrees – ph.d. etc.)research interestsbiosketchselected awards and honorsselected publicationsselected presentationsselected intellectual propertyselected artistic and professional performances and exhibitsselected contracts, fellowships, grants and sponsored researchresearch currently in progressattachment (place for cv etc. in pdf format, please note that we will be checking this document for accessibility which may cause delays)website (faculty or other)headshot photoour team generally completes requests for bios within three weeks but could take considerably longer at the beginning of each semester due to the high volume of requests.submit bio update form 




photos on bio pages





faculty, staff and students with bio pages are encouraged to use headshots submitted via the online biography update form.you can also submit your own photo using a digital camera or phone. find a space with good natural lighting and a blank white or neutral-colored wall. have another person use the camera/phone and stand 4-6 feet away from you with their back to a window (in order to get natural light). a standard cell phone is able to capture a professional photo.photo requirementscolor, not black and white, photoat least 800 x 800 pixels after cropping and original can not be smaller than that.photo should be tight on subject with not too much space to the left/right or above/belowno props (hats, sunglasses etc.) or other people in the photosubject should be looking at the cameraa photo that includes your head and upper torso, at least, so we can crop to the appropriate focusprofessional head-shot photographs can be taken at eastern photography for a minimal charge billed to your department. their lowell location is at 5 webber st., lowell, telephone: 978-937-0101.if a professional headshot is not available, the standard blue silhouette can be used. please indicate your preference of a male, female or gender neutral silhouette on the biography update form.please email: webcontent@uml.edu if you need further assistance with your bio or bio photos. 




web presence for full-time faculty





the academic technology committee offers two opportunities for an online presence to provide faculty with professional websites to enhance the national visibility that umass lowell.these solutions provide faculty with easy-to-use tools to create dynamic, mobile-responsive and ada-compliant pages. the the first solution, sites.uml.edu, is a wordpress environment hosted by campuspress running the ‘elementor’ page builder. this widget-based editor and template is expected to be the more desirable solution due to the ease of use, number of features, and lack of html coding.the second solution, faculty.uml.edu is a secure sftp server, will allow faculty to easily migrate existing content from faculty.uml.edu to this new environment. faculty.uml.edu is designed for faculty interested in using standard html editing software, like adobe dreamweaver.please email: robert_coppenrath@uml.edu or call tech services at 978-934-4357 for more information. 





faculty websites: elementor
campuspress is a webpage builder that offers faculty the freedom to customize and personalize web content with the ease of page templates & “drop and drag” widget technology. the end result allows faculty to reach high-end web designs, without coding that is optimized for every device and screen.after requesting a website from sites@uml.edu, you will receive an email notification when setup is complete.to login once your site has been set up, go to https://sites.uml.edu/your first-your last name and click on the login button in the footer of your new website and then on the "use my id" button. if prompted for credentials, enter your current @uml.edu credentials and password.once logged into your site, you can add content and update/create sub-pages by scrolling down and clicking on "pages," choose the page you want to edit and select "edit with elementor".to request a site or if you have any questions please email: sites@uml.edu. 





faculty websites: faculty.uml.edu
faculty.uml.edu is a secure sftp server. it is designed for faculty interested in using standard html editing software, like adobe dreamweaver.faculty sftp is a secure server for faculty interested in using standard html editing software, like adobe dreamweaver, to maintain faculty web presence.for general questions, email: sites@uml.edu. 





course materials
the umass lowell blackboard portal provides access and instructions for on-campus and online instruction. blackboard learn 9.1 is the official learning management system (lms) for umass lowell. the lms provides faculty with a robust platform for teaching web-enhanced, blended and fully online courses. email: bbhelp@uml.edu, if you have questions or need assistance.find all the information you need on the it website. 











quick links














request information















apply















check application status















visit
















tiktok




facebook




twitter




youtube




instagram




linkedin








menu



            youbook                        



            about                        



            academics                        



            research                        



            admissions & aid                        



            student life                        



            athletics                        












brand, communications and creative strategy (bccs)
graduate and professional studies center

839 merrimack st.

lowell, ma 01854

email: bccs@uml.edu
phone: 978-934-3224terms of use and privacy policyaccessibility statement







this browser is not supported
for an optimum web experience we recommend the latest version of firefox, chrome, edge, or safari. please use one of the links below to install a supported browser.


firefox


chrome


dismiss





