




prostate online – resources center for prostate cancer patients


















































home
clinic
staff
therapies treatments
contact
blogs
 


















[rev_slider oculist]







take a virtual tour of our research clinic
we run a research center in the attempt to find efficient treatments, but we also run a clinic where we apply the latest technologies.
find out more
education is the key to success
we aim to help you understand what prostate cancer is 

find out more

providing helpful solutions in the treatment
we apply the latest innovations in the prostate cancer treatment to ensure maximum efficiency, even if it is diagnosed a bit late.the importance of regular tests in prevention
regular tests are essential to identify prostate cancer early. an early diagnose can help patients overcome this type of cancer.
more than 1,500 studies and over 5,000 patientsbook an appointment with us
it is hard to tell what can be done unless you book an appointment and undergo our tests. only then we can customize your treatment.

get in touch


latest news and articles
 
6 major myths related to e-cigarettes
august 28, 2019june 7, 2021
 

traditional
tobacco smoking is considered very harmful and the number one cause of lung
cancer. this is the reason why most of the people have started to opt for a
trendy way to quench nicotine demand in the body. you can get the best and
different flavors of vape juice for your e-cigarette by logging on to www.eliquid-depot.com. one can use these vapes in different types of devices viz.
e-cigarettes, coils, pens, etc. though vaping is considered as a safe and secure,
there are many myths associated with it.
some myths which are
needed to get debunked
1. e-cigarettes contain
harmful nicotine
you
can choose the amount of nicotine in your e-cigarette according to your
tolerance level. this is considered one of the most important aspects of
e-cigarettes in comparison to traditional ones. thus, one doesn’t become
addicted to nicotine content which also protects him or her from getting prone
to lung cancer.
2. it causes harm to
bystanders 
unlike
traditional smoking, bystanders don’t get any harm. thus, you can easily vape
it in a public place. the basic component of liquid used in an e-cigarette is
composed of glycerine, varieties of flavors, propylene glycol and nicotine. nowadays,
there are liquids with no nicotine as well. when you vape the liquid then there
is no emission of side-streaming vapors, thus there are no chances of passing
vaping. 
3. your e-cigarettes have
a risk of exploding
e-cigarettes
contain tested batteries which are very safe to use, just like the batteries of
your mobile devices. thus, it is very safe to carry them. moreover, you
shouldn’t carry a loose battery in your pocket which can short circuit and can
create a problem for you.
4. the process of vaping
is expensive
when
you are on traditional cigarettes then you have to purchase matchstick box or a
lighter, along with the pack of cigarette which compounds to high budget every
year. contrary to this, vaping lets you save a considerable amount of money as
you get to choose vape according to the nicotine content. in some of the
e-cigarettes, you also get to look at the amount of liquid which you had vaped.
thus, one can keep a track about how much he or she vapes daily.
5. the younger generation
is becoming addicted to e-cigarettes
most
importantly, you get to choose the level of nicotine which is not an option
with traditional cigarettes. this process is considered safe as non-smokers can
choose vape without nicotine content, they can use it as refreshment as there
are many flavors to choose from. on the other hand, smoking addicts can keep a
check on their addiction with the use of this product. 
6. you get popcorn lungs
due to smoking e-cigarettes
this
is another myth which is gaining high popularity among people. in general
traditional cigarette contains diacetyl in higher amount in comparison to
electronic cigarettes. thus, if you vape e-liquids then you are at low risk of
getting popcorn lungs in comparison to traditional cigarettes. 



prostatecancer.net












 



 
about us
what we do
research

 
education
innovative treatments
mission
values

 
contact
visit us
book an appointment

 follow us:









							© 2019 prostate online. all rights reserved.						

























