







erica lyon, mph










































        
          
            erica lyon, mph
          
        
      




















































              home
            

            sessions
          

            about
          

            resources
          

            contact
          




















































homesessionsaboutresourcescontact





                
                  
                    erica lyon, mph
                  
                
              











scroll






 

a new approach to













with a background in working with expectant couples, providing parenting strategy and support, erica now focuses on healthcare access

 


    view classes & sessions
  

 




 
























“erica’s insight, experience, and personality really helped me with adjusting to being a new mom, with all of its challenges including fighting isolation, figuring out how to find enough sleep, or finding my new role in life. i wish all new moms could know someone like erica!”eva, mom to theresa“the class was incredible-we learned so much from you. i credit the great hospital staff, my patient doctor, but most importantly, what i learned in your class for helping me have such a successful delivery and birthing story.”christina, mom to ada“erica's teaching and book are truly precious. she sees and explains the mysteries of birth that others often miss. she is clear sighted, unbiased, vastly experienced and painfully honest-she will help you make the very best choices for you in this exciting time.”dr. worth and dr. mussali, ob-gyn, nyc“erica recognizes that even if person a and person b ask the same question, the answer or solution for each may be dramatically different.”eva, mom to jon 








sessions



parenting strategy & supportthis is essentially parent coaching with a developmental focus. every parent needs a little support and practical info on child development. this session focuses on practical solutions for problem solving and support using child development education on psychosocial, cognitive and physiological needs while taking into consideration the child’s and the family’s circumstances and stressors.



newborn development and essential skillsthis is the first time parents starter manual on newborn care skills and development. this two part workshop will give first time expectant parents the tools to navigate the critical first three months of transition with their new baby.



childbirth preparationthis online session is in test phase for summer 2021 virtual launch. meanwhile her book is a great resource.




    learn more
  


























introduction



banner



bio



testimonials



sessions



new page










347-645-7827erica@ericalyon.com



homesessionsaboutresourcescontact









erica lyon, llc © 2021








