


welcome to stateofisrael.com! 











(click for more information about
    the israeli flag)

 
welcome
    to stateofisrael.com!

 
(click for more information about
    the official seal of the state of israel.)







worshippers
at the western wall (the kotel), in jerusalem. it is the holiest
site in the world for jews.

welcome to our site! our aim
  is to become your website of choice for information about israel.
  we've divided the site up into different areas of interest, from
  tourism to the military. if there's a particular area you'd like
  more information on, please let
  us know! we're always looking for new ways to improve the
  site.



 


visit our online
      store to purchase great stateofisrael.com
      t-shirts, mugs, sweatshirts, lunchboxes, and much, much more!

 



interested in advertising on stateofisrael.com? please contact our advertising
  department.



 

 get
      a free e-mail account at stateofisrael.com!
      click here for more information.

       





 

 we
      love to receive e-mail from our visitors! check out some of the
      letters we've received, along with our responses.

       


basic information
  : information about government, health and cleanliness, language,
  video, electricity, and currency.
arab-israel
  conflict : this section retraces the history of
  the arab-israel conflict, from the first aliyah at the
  end of the nineteenth century, to the present-day middle east
  peace process.
prime
  ministers of israel from 1948 until the present : photos
  and timeline of israeli prime ministers from the state's inception
  to the present, as well as the party affiliation of each prime
  minister.
balfour declaration
  : the complete text of the balfour declaration of october 31,
  1917 - which was put forth by the british government and which
  helped to lead to the state of israel's eventual establishment.
article 22
  of the covenant of the league of nations : the complete
  text of this portion of the covenant of the league of nations.
  promulgated on june 28, 1919, this portion of the covenant -
  along with the balfour
  declaration - formed the basis for the establishment of the
  british mandate government,
  the last government in charge of palestine prior to the creation
  of the state of israel in 1948.
palestine mandate
  of the league of nations : the complete text of the league
  of nations document - put forth on july 24, 1922 - that created
  the british mandate government in palestine.
united
  nations general assembly resolution 181 : the complete
  text of the november 29, 1947, un resolution, which terminated
  the british mandate in palestine and established the independent
  state of israel one year later.
declaration
  of independence : the complete text of israel's declaration
  of independence.
hatikvah ("the
  hope") : includes all the words to israel's national
  anthem.
online
  store : purchase great stateofisrael.com t-shirts, mugs,
  sweatshirts, lunchboxes, and much, much more!
political parties
  : links to israel's political parties. 
tourism
  : information about places of interest in israel.
israeli soldiers
  memorial : a list of israeli
  soldiers who fell in wars or campaigns throughout israeli history.
  it includes the soldier's name, as well as the year and the war
  or campaign in which he or she fell. (among
  others, two soldiers - both named max hazan - appear in our memorial.
  they are uncle and nephew: the uncle fell in the yom kippur war,
  while the nephew - who was named after his uncle - fell near
  bethlehem in october 2000.)
links : various israel-oriented links on the
  world wide web.
your letters and our responses!


*please note: stateofisrael.com
is not an official israeli government website. it is neither sponsored
nor endorsed by the israeli government! it was created and is
run by israelis and zionists and is dedicated to all who care
about the welfare of the state of israel.



 we wish to offer our condolences
    to all the victims of the 
    current violent conflicts, and to their families. may peace soon
    reign
    over the entire land of israel.
when the current conflicts
    are concluded, we will analyze them - in as objective and neutral
    a manner as possible - in our arab-israel
    conflict section.
for all the latest news about the
    current conflicts, please choose from the following:




haaretz
            an israeli english-language daily newspaper affiliated with the
            international
            herald tribune
jerusalem
            post israel's oldest english-language daily newspaper
jewish
            world review an online source of news about politics,
            society, religion, and the jewish world
palestine report online a palestinian
            news digest














notice to jews
        whose property in holland was confiscated by the nazis during
        world war ii: we recently received a message about how you might
        be able to reclaim your property.*
click here for more information.
*stateofisrael.com is providing
        this message as a public service for our visitors. we are in
        no way associated with the writers of the message and take no
        responsibility for its accuracy.



 











this jewish ring site
    is owned by state
    of israel.com. 
    click here for
    [ prev | skip it | next 5 | random | next ] 
    want to join the jewish ring?
    click here for the info.






 
search yahoo! (please note: yahoo!
neither sponsors nor endorses stateofisrael.com.)
  
options





