



informed comment


























 
thoughts on the middle east, history and religionheader right 

 










search informed comment
facebooktwitteremailrss
featured
us politics
middle east
environment
us foreign policy
energy
economy
politics

 

about
archives
submissions
 
© 2025 informed comment


 skip to content skip to primary sidebarmain contentfeaturednetanyahu’s quest to attack iran with the mother of all bombsdan steinbock the emboldened netanyahu cabinet is in a war path, again. it is mobilizing to attack iran and lobbying president trump into a plan that presumably […]

suspend arms transfers to end us complicity in israeli abuses02/16/2025 by human rights watch gaza’s water infrastructure, deliberately destroyed by israel, desperately needs to be rebuilt02/16/2025 by foreign policy in focus 
more stories


chinamoonbases and solar arrays: will china win the space race as musk’s doge cripples nasa?
ann arbor (informed comment) – the irrational, ignorant and often plain stupid cuts that rogue doge operatives of elon musk are making to the us […]
juan coleisrael/ palestinethe gaza genocide and the unravelling of us hegemony
by nasim ahmed | – ( middle east monitor ) – israel’s war on gaza has shattered whatever illusions remained about the strength of us […]
middle east monitordonald trump“we’ve been essentially muzzled”: department of education halts thousands of civil rights investigations under trump
by jennifer smith richards and jodi s. cohen | – ( propublica ) – in the three-and-a-half weeks since donald trump returned to the presidency, […]
propublicafeaturedproem:  the trauma of gaza scholasticide
  we are closed in, and the key is turnedon our uncertainty…we had fed the heart on fantasies,the heart’s grown brutal from the fare,more substance […]
hugh j. curraniraqwhat was the sykes-picot agreement, and why does it still affect the middle east today?
by andrew thomas, deakin university (the conversation) – some national borders are determined by natural phenomena like seas, mountains and rivers. most, however, are created […]
the conversationdonald trumpbeating trump, dumping trump (it can be done)
by robert lipsyte ( tomdispatch.com ) – in bad times — and these are bad times — i call up the spirit of willie. willie […]
tomdispatchdonald trumpsinai! why egypt’s al-sisi says he will snub white house invitation if ethnic cleansing of gaza is on agenda
ann arbor (informed comment) – egypt has shown more spunk in standing up to trump than has the mostly supine us congress. offered the most […]
juan coledonald trumptrump’s gaza plan: a green light for ethnic cleansing?
( middle east monitor ) – let’s be clear: the forced displacement of palestinians is not a new idea. us president donald trump’s latest proposal […]
ramzy baroudisrael/ palestinegaza’s telecommunications: occupied and destroyed
  ali abdel-wahab introduction ( al-shabaka ) – in the 21st century, telecommunications—particularly the internet—have become indispensable tools in the global struggle for freedom and […]
al-shabakapage 1
page 2
page 3
…
page 2954
next page »



primary sidebar
latest
israel/ palestinethe gaza genocide and the unravelling of us hegemony middle east monitordonald trump“we’ve been essentially muzzled”: department of education halts thousands of civil rights investigations under trump propublicafeaturedproem:  the trauma of gaza scholasticide hugh j. curraniraqwhat was the sykes-picot agreement, and why does it still affect the middle east today? the conversation
popular


sinai! why egypt's al-sisi says he will snub white house invitation if ethnic cleansing of gaza is on agenda
what was the sykes-picot agreement, and why does it still affect the middle east today?
moonbases and solar arrays: will china win the space race as musk's doge cripples nasa?
the gaza genocide and the unravelling of us hegemony
beating trump, dumping trump (it can be done)



 sign up for our newsletter 

email




 © 2025 all rights reserved


























