






zizikis restaurants | greek restaurant dallas plano frisco | modern greek-inspired mediterranean cuisine





























 


























info@zizikis.com
 
 make a reservation

order online
  
 
 










home
locations

dallas travis walk
dallas preston/forest


gift cards
menu
promos
private dining
catering
press
 





select page


  
 



 



 













modern greek-inspired
food, wine & cocktails








fresh organic ingredients
vegetarian options available








sushi-grade fish
from the ocean








baklava ice cream cake
greek desserts to die for








traditional greek specialties
like our greek board








mediterranean cuisine
try handmade dolmades










ziziki’s is a local family-owned and operated restaurant with modern, greek-inspired cuisine.  we are true to our long operating history of providing quality food using only the best ingredients like sushi grade fish, free range new zealand lamb, natural and organic products.  our food is healthy, grilled not fried with many vegetarian and gluten-free options. we serve biodynamic, organic wines, and lots of fresh foods. from our family to yours – opa!





greek-inspired
modern food
local family owned & operated
 



ziziki’s is a local family-owned and operated restaurant with modern, greek-inspired cuisine.  we are true to our long operating history of providing quality food using only the best ingredients like sushi grade fish, free range new zealand lamb, natural and organic products.  our food is healthy, grilled not fried with many vegetarian and gluten-free options. we serve biodynamic, organic wines, and lots of fresh foods. from our family to yours – opa!












award winning champagne brunch
learn more








happy hour specials
learn more













incredible seasonal menus
learn more












dallas best patio dining
welcome to the dallas best greek restaurant – ziziki’s! we invite you and your guests to join us — whether it’s for lunch, brunch or dinner or to simply stop by for a specialty cocktail and appetizer during happy hour.
ziziki’s provides an authentic greek dining experience. while we always welcome guests to join us here at our restaurant, we also provide dallas greek food catering that allows you to bring our unique, greek-inspired food and dishes to your next gathering, whether it’s a graduation party, anniversary, birthday party, wedding reception or anything in between.
experience the best greek restaurant in dallas, tx
there is a wide range of criteria that diners use to judge a restaurant, and we are confident you will find that ziziki’s shines in each and every one of them.

menu: ziziki’s offers a greek-inspired menu that sticks to the culinary traditions of this culture. that means plenty of fruits, vegetables, herbs, spices and grains. we offer time-honored greek food and dishes such as greek salad, dolmades, spanakopita, gyros, a wide range of souvlaki skewers and an assortment of lamb dishes. of course, we have bakalava for dessert, as well.
service: whether you are dining in with us or utilizing our dallas greek food catering, you can count on our team to be attentive to your needs. we take joy and pride in helping our guests make selections from our menu and find new favorite dishes.
ambience: some consider ziziki’s to be the dallas best outdoor dining restaurant thanks to our gorgeous patio area that lets you dine underneath the sun during the day or stars at night. we also provide guests the opportunity to eat in our general dining area or reserve a private dining area for parties or functions.

ziziki’s is a special treat no matter what time of the day it might be. from our traditional lunch and dinner menus to our weekend brunches that feature an all-you-can-eat buffet of greek-inspired delights including  mimosas — you will always find something delicious to eat or drink when you dine with ziziki’s — the dallas best greek restaurant.
speaking of drinking — ziziki’s boasts a robust, boutique wine cellar that is heavy on greek/italian wines. in addition to this selection of wine, we provide guests with plenty of options for domestic and imported beer along with our specialty cocktail program.
go greek with the best outdoor dining restaurant in dallas tx!
whether you already know and love greek food or are in the mood for something a little different from traditional american fare and comfort food, ziziki’s has you covered — from in-house dining to reliable greek food catering in dallas tx.
join us at ziziki’s and see why we’re considered the best greek restaurant in the dallas and surrounding area.



 








newsletter
email address: 




leave this field empty if you're human:  



about
community love
sitemap
terms and conditions
privacy policy
 






facebook




x


© 2024 ziziki's restaurants | site credits | best greek restaurant dallas and frisco 




 


close this module





















