






the color experts – video, photography and consulting to make your image pop

























		skip to content	



 




the color experts
video, photography and consulting to make your image pop

  
			scroll down to content		














we’re mark henninger and danya henninger, and we founded imagic digital in 1997.
based in philadelphia, we work with companies and firms to create compelling photos and videos with a focus on architecture.
we’re photographers and digital imaging experts who love to adopt new software and tech to capture the best imagery of the world around us.
over our two-decade history, we’ve worked closely with hotels, golf clubs, yacht makers, architects, developers, home designers, construction companies, civil engineering firms, restaurants and other businesses both small and large.
if your needs involve philadelphia architectural photography and video, drone aerials, or 360-degree virtual tours, imagic is your best choice.












photography


natural light, fantastic color, clear focus and great storytelling. that’s imagic digital.





				peco building, philadelphia
				




				school district of philadelphia headquarters
				




				high-end home theater, london
				




				city tap house restaurant, philadelphia
				




				extended stay hotel, manhattan
				




				private apartment, manhattan
				




				hindu temple hall, philadelphia museum of art
				




				hermes store, las vegas
				




				philadelphia city hall
				




				scotiabank theatre, toronto
				




				carolina hotel, pinehurst
				




				comcast technology center, philadelphia
				




				independence hall, philadelphia
				




				isla navidad resort, mexico
				




				3601 market street, philadelphia
				




				griffin roof detail, philadelphia museum of art
				




				3601 market, philadelphia
				




				schuylkill river and ben franklin parkway, philadelphia
				




				mclaren factory, england
				




				mclaren factory, southern england
				




				st. francis xavier church, philadelphia
				




				tower place apartments, philadelphia
				




				common area, the national apartments, philadelphia
				




				philadelphia skyline
				




				wyndham hotel, midtown manhattan
				




				3601 market, west philadelphia
				




				aramark headquarters, philadelphia
				




				riverwalk philadelphia
				




				the alexander apartments, philadelphia
				




				patio, aramark headquarters, philadelphia
				




				the logan, ben franklin parkway, philadelphia
				







				griffin detail atop the philadelphia museum of art
				




				philadelphia museum of art
				




				swann fountain at logan circle, philadelphia
				


we work with public entities and private businesses to showcase both exterior and interior spaces, as well as aerial overviews. our clients have included toll brothers, wyndham worldwide, marriott hotels, regal cinemas, parkway corporation, pinehurst, visit philadelphia, and the knight foundation.
we use a handful of cameras, including slrs, drones, a matterport, and action cams. our equipment changes almost constantly as technology advances.
mark holds certifications as a google master photographer, google master reviewer, google street view trusted photographer and google expert director.











video


using a combination of drone-shot and stabilized ground-level video, we produce  videos that showcase everything from commercial developments to civil engineering projects.
city hall in philadelphia is the tallest masonry building in the world. take a “flight” up to the top in this clip shot with a dji mini 2 drone. captured in 4k on memorial day 2021.



this showcase of philadelphia’s cherry street pier in the midst of its renovation by the city, uses interior and aerial drone videography, and has a custom soundtrack.



a continuous tour of the “boardwalk” trail extension along the schuylkill river in philadelphia, shot in october 2020.



a video tour of the rail park, aka “philadelphia’s high line,” was shot and produced in under 24 hours.



a tour through temple university’s main campus in north philadelphia, shot in summer 2020 via onewheel and drone.



this clip demonstrates how a drone offers unparalleled perspectives, starting at ground level in the anne d’harnoncourt sculpture garden, rising to highlight the philadelphia museum of art and ultimately revealing the skyline of center city, philadelphia. 



shot and produced in 2011, this video highlights what was then a novelty: an automated parking garage. it’s in 1706 rittenhouse, one of the most high-end residential towers in philadelphia.














our story


imagic digital is a partnership between mark henninger and danya henninger, husband and wife, business partners, and soulmates. 
when we founded our firm in 1997, we were self-taught digital explorers with a background in analog photography.
we met in the mid-1990s in providence, r.i. at the time, mark’s loft had a full-color chemical darkroom right next to a computer running photoshop 1.0. from that time on, we were hooked. we used to stay up all night teaching ourselves how to use imaging software, and we maintain a fierce respect for these powerful tools that can represent and help re-imagine the world around us.
as pioneers in digital creative services, our client base grew quickly. we decided to concentrate on luxury hospitality industries, and began providing photos, videos and interactive presentations for golf clubs, hotels, luxury homes, yacht builders and other high-end companies throughout north america.
in the 2010s,  our focus expanded to include imaging technology consulting. mark became editor of avs forum, a global site focused on audio-visual equipment and home theater, where he provided insights to some of the world’s top tv, projector and audio equipment manufacturers including samsung, sony, lg, and amazon.  he then spent a few years as a freelancer, writing a/v reviews and doing bespoke consulting, as well as commercial photography and video. meanwhile, danya got into the world of food and beer, doing freelance writing and photography for zagat, all about beer, and the philadelphia inquirer, among other regional outlets.
in 2018, danya went deeper into journalism. as editor and director of billy penn, a digital news startup later acquired by public media station whyy, she ran both editorial and revenue sides of the business. in 2024, she joined independent news organization technical.ly as editorial director, overseeing a newsroom covering tech and entrepreneurship with reporters and editors  in a half-dozen mid-atlantic cities.
in 2023, mark joined av tech media, where he’s currently editor of sound & vision and managing editor of stereophile, a magazine considered the bible of high-end audio that continues to publish a monthly print edition. 
we pride ourselves on being early adopters and mastering the latest imaging technologies. mark is also an accomplished visual artist and electronic music composer.
mark henninger resumedanya henninger resume











some of the cool stuff we use


gear

panasonic lumix g9 (camera)
matterport pro2 (360 camera)
ricoh theta z1 (360 camera)
gopro hero 9 (action camera)
dji air 2s (drone)
dji mini 2 (drone)
dji pocket 2 (gimbal camera)
x-rite 1 pro 3 plus (display calibration)
zhiyun weebill (gimbal)
zhiyun crane m2 (gimbal)
onewheel 

software

adobe creative suite — photoshop, premiere, illustrator
vegas pro (video editing)
photomatix (hdr processing)
ptgui (panorama stitching and editing)
ableton live (music production)

certifications

faa part 107 – remote pilot, small unmanned aerial systems (suas)
recurrent part 107 update – including night operations
thx certified professional video systems calibrator – level 2
google maps master photographer
google maps master videographer
google maps master reviewer
google street view trusted photographer
google local guide level 10


[instagram-feed]













	mark henninger


mark@imagicdigital.com


	danya henninger


danya@imagicdigital.com
 

 


facebook  
youtube  
 


		proudly powered by wordpress	













































































































































































