







american school of milan your gateway to excellence in international education




















































































































begin an inquiry
reach out to us and tell us a little bit about your family


start an application
start your journey at asm by clicking here


continue an application
if you've already started, resume your application now and continue the enrolment process




visit asm
book a tour, and discover asm with your child(ren)


open houses
join us at an upcoming open house to experience asm firsthand


contact us
email our admissions team
















portals
parent portal/schoolsbuddy
powerschool
schoology
continue an application
 


admissions














home
about us

about asm
director’s welcome
mission and values
accreditation and affiliations
board of trustees
six decades of leadership


learning at asm

curriculum
elementary school
upper school
student services
college/university guidance


admissions

admissions hub
apply
calendar
tuition and fees


student life

beyond academics
campus


community

fund for excellence
parent-teacher organization
alumni
our staff
join our team


contact

get in touch
directions
visit asm











visit asm
 





















scroll







curious learners • critical thinkers • global citizens



an english speaking education with students from more than 70 countries








start your journey
admissions






global excellence in education
the american school of milan is an ib world school accredited by the middle states association, offering a global learning experience for students.
more about asm






our core values








respect
we honor ourselves, others, the school, and the planet.









curiosity
we ask questions in pursuit of truth and understanding.









courage
we do the right thing, even when difficult or unpopular.









integrity
we are honest and sincere.









kindness
we are friendly, generous, and considerate in actions and words.








            asm at a glance                    





1 / 3                








discover learning at asm
asm inspires students to discover their unique potential and to be curious learners, critical thinkers and global citizens who positively impact our world.
learn more









“ knowledge is power. information is liberating. education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family.”



kofi annan








2 / 3                








beyond the classroom
at asm, we prioritize a safe and nurturing community for our students. our positive, caring, and multi-cultural learning environment encourages individual integrity and high ethical standards. students have 24/7 access to our modern library, with 27,000 volumes, individual study rooms, and helpful librarians. additionally, our on-campus extracurricular activities offer a wide range of options for students.
learn more









“ educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.”



aristotle








3 / 3                








meet our students
at the american school of milan, we have over 70 nationalities represented on campus. our diverse student body brings unique perspectives to create a vibrant and inclusive community. we celebrate our students' global perspectives and recognize that they enrich our learning environment and prepare them for the interconnected world of tomorrow.
learn more









“ it is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength.”



maya angelou











curious learners • critical thinkers • global citizens







get in touch
contact us










start your journey
admissions










visit us
book a tour










                celebrating                0
                years of asm            


our history






the start

1962


asm opened its doors in sesto san giovanni with a group of 17 students of various ages. a small group of english-speaking parents living in milan decided that they wanted to provide their children with an anglo-american education. they discovered the anglo-american school in milan and joined forces to grow a new school.












ib diploma programme

1983

asm adopts and implements the international baccalaureate (ib) diploma programme, marking a significant milestone in its educational offerings. this photo captures the first graduating class to complete the ib diploma programme at asm, showcasing a proud moment in the school's history as it embraces a global standard of education.












media center

1994

the asm library has been transformed into a media center.












pioneering digital learning

2000

asm is one of the first european schools to provide laptops to its students, giving them access to the latest technology and helping them reach their full potential.











                asm founded 1962            




discover learning at asmwho are asm's teachersbeyond the classroom 









american school of milan via k. marx 14, 20073, noverasco di opera milan, italy


contact us
sitemap
privacy
whistleblowing
employment opportunities

 school website by 
                mso










































