








wetoska packaging |































 






847-437-6100
info@wetoska.com
 

 
 
 








home
wetoska company profile

mission
history
location
company directory
community involvement
testimonials


markets served

meat packaging
cheese packaging
dairy packaging
bakery packaging
snacks packaging
prepared meal packaging
produce packaging
dry pet food packaging
dry products packaging
liquid packaging
fresh salsa, spreads and dips packaging
packaging machinery


product line offering

bone protection materials
casings
films
non-shrink bags and vacuum pouches
polyethylene films and bags
rigid cups
shrink bags
tray and cup lidding films
trays
vacuum packaging machines


news

newsletter sign-up
tradeshows & events


contact us
 


select page


  
 
 











 
 
 




learn more
 
 
 




 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 
 




wetoska packaging in the news!
  feb 19, 2021  for almost 35 years, wetoska packaging distributors (wpd) has established itself as a family-owned provider of innovative and customer-centric packaging solutions for the cheese and dairy sector. now, in the midst of an evolving demand landscape and a global pandemic, the company continues to focus on its customers’ unique needs and providing quality services at a competitive price point. click here to read the rest of the... read more
 

an update on microwavable packaging — it’s there!
  mar 14, 2018  america’s food landscape is one of many twists and turns. cultural diversity, ethnic tastes and flavors and the ascent of regional cuisines have set the stage for the introductions of boundless varieties and combinations of chilled and refrigerated foods. click here to read the rest of the... read more
 
 
« older entries


 


sign-up to receive news and updates from wetoska packaging.

subscribe today!

 



testimonials
have been dealing with wetoska packaging for over 20 years, they have
been a excellent company to work with, my salesman has always been quick
to respond to any of our needs, i would highly recommend them to anyone
looking to have a great quality product to work with and also to have a
great working relationship with.
–  mike m., chicago area meat purveyor
 
 


about wetoska
wetoska packaging has been providing expert food packaging solutions for six decades. located in elk grove village, illinois, we offer our customers optimal packaging programs, cutting edge technology and unparalleled service.
as a family-owned and operated business, we take pride in working with our customers to meet the unique needs of their individual businesses.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



packaging options dry products packaging

barrier vertical form, fill and seal films available with up to 10 color printing
barrier zipper stand-up pouches available plain or printed up to 10 colors
rigid cups and containers available with tamper evidence feature
peelable and resealable lidding films

  quick links 
meat
cheese
dairy
bakery
snacks
prepared meals
produce & salads
dry pet food & pet snacks
dry products
liquids
fresh salsa, dips & spreads
packaging machinery


  meat packaging options 
fresh red meat & pork packaging
processed meat & sausage packaging
poultry packaging
fish & seafood packaging

  quick links 
mission
history
location
company directory
community involvement

 contact us 1099 lunt avenue
elk grove village, il 60007
phone: 847.437.6100
fax: 847.437.8991
sales@wetoska.com  

  

    
 


designed by visual views | powered by wordpress
 

 
 
 






