





barrow county chamber of commerce: home























































 (770) 867-9444
 vkeibler@barrowchamber.com
















homechamberambassadorsboard of directorschamber staffvideo tourwomen in business committeeleadership barrowbusinessbusiness directorychamber newseconomic developmenteventstestimonialsmember loginhot dealsjob postingscommunityconference & hotel facilitiescitieseducationhealthcarehistorynew residentstourismresourceschamberingcommunity & resource guidejoincontact























we're here for you
join our chamber

										membership has its benefits and there are a variety of ways you can promote your business through the barrow county chamber of commerce.
									

										learn more 


















						join today and “come home to barrow county!” you will be glad you did.
					




join today 













video tour
click on any of the sections below to see a video about that specific topic:









barrow county community resource guide
				click the header to view...
			














trustees
thank you to our trustees for their on-going support of the barrow county chamber of commerce.





























									welcome to the barrow county chamber of commerce
								
connecting businesses, championing growth, and inspiring community success

as our chamber ceo, tommy jennings, put it, "chambers of commerce are a resource for business and for the community. we are fortunate to have some outstanding chambers all around us. you may not notice them, but if they weren’t there, you’d miss them. chambers continue to play an active role in the success of each community in which they serve. they are on the front lines of business, they are on the front lines of the community. without them, it’s like a ship without a rudder."  and the barrow county chamber is no different.

about us 


















				upcoming events
			















what others are saying

						don’t simply take our word for it! see what others are saying about the barrow county chamber of commerce.
					















									night sky coffee roasters is happy to be a member of the barrow county
chamber of commerce. while we are new to the chamber we have already
benefited from joining. big thanks to everyone at the chamber for
supporting our local community and small businesses.
								



















									i love the barrow county chamber of commerce for many reasons, here are just a few. when we get together, it always seems everyone is happy to help you find work, everyone has a great attitude and has a positive personality. i enjoy our friday meetings and can always count on learning something new. there is always an event you can look forward to. i wish i could go to them all. the events i do get to attend i never regret. the leadership and staff at bccc are always very helpful and professional. i love the chamber and wish i had joined long ago.
								



















									i have enjoyed a wonderful working relationship with the barrow chamber of commerce and it's a highlight for me each year to be at the state of the cities and county lunch we sponsor.
								



at&t















									i would like to say that the barrow chamber is super supportive of the school system.  the chamber was a big help in getting the word out to help pass the e-splost this year which it vital for our programs and facilities....
								



barrow county school system















									i definitely see value in the chamber.  the barrow chamber is in a great position to help capitalize on the future of barrow county.
								



republic services















									i'm glad we decided to relocate to barrow county for two reasons.  the commute for me and my employees is much less stressful, and the chamber is working very hard to bring in new business.
								



besco steel















									the barrow county chamber of commerce is the preeminent organization in our community that brings together businesses of all sizes with civic and community leaders. by bringing a unified voice for all stakeholders, the chamber is able to make barrow county a better place to live, work and play.
								











all testimonials 








latest news

	catch up on the latest news and stories from around barrow county.























				quick links
			homethe chamberbusinesscommunityresourcescontact us



				contact
			6 porter street, p.o. box 456, winder, ga. 30680p: (770) 867-9444e: vkeibler@barrowchamber.com



				subscribe
			
*email address
							submit
						







				
				
					



				
				
				

	© 2024 barrow county chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. privacy | terms






























