



























































seattle's livejournal community — livejournal











seattle's livejournal community — livejournal




recent entriesmembersarchiveprofileuseful links:googlememoriesseattle citysearchcraigslist : seattlehow to lj-cutthe strangerrealtime 911 incidentsseattle @ wikipediametro trip plannerneed a passport?gas pricestags:architectureartautobabydaddybarsbeautybicyclingbooksbrokecellularcharityclothingclubscoffeecommunitiescomputercostumingdentaldrinkingdrivingeducationemploymentetiquetteeyecarefinancialfitnessfoodfurnituregaminggayhairhistoryholidayshouse repairshousinghumorinsuranceinternetjewelrykidslegallessonslodgingmedicalmental healthmoviesmovingmusicoutdoorspetsphotographypiercingpoliticalsensationalismservicesshoesskiingsnowsocialsportstattootheatretourismtransportationvegetarianwedding


(no subject)jul. 31st, 2017 | 07:47 amtags: pets
posted by: iamkatia in seattlerecently the sweet poodle i have been walking for 2 years died.it was an ideal job--he needed walking between 11a-12/noon, was close to home,and he was non-aggressive. in fact, i never even had to walkhim on a leash. he always stayed close to me.now i'm looking for another dog-walking job on or closeto cap hill/cd area. if you need a reliable walkerwith lots of love to give, and impeccable references,please let me know.thank you, seattle! hope you're enjoying your summer.
leave a sarkglitteropheliajun. 9th, 2017 | 08:55 pmtags: charity, housing
posted by: madman101 in seattlehere's a friend who needs help.  she is not in seattle - she is in the southern part of the state.  but maybe there is some place in seattle that might be able to help her(?)http://crisis-911.livejournal.com/24611.htmlalso, please feel free to join that important community.  thanks!
leave a sarkventlessgasfireplace - farkmay. 18th, 2017 | 10:36 amposted by: ventlessgasfire in seattle“look before you leap “is an evergreen idiom. review is the short word that describes this saying. we need a manual to understand and use any new product effectively and we need a guide to explore and enjoy the beauty of new places.but no manual describes the demerits of the product and no guide explains how to travel different places at an affordable cost. customers choose to purchase online to save time and effort in a busy lifestyle. the lack of patient and up to date explanation about the product may cause loss of time and money of the customers.to make up this need, we are at your service by honest and patient explanation about pros and cons of the products through our reviews available any time and any place at our fingertips.we hope we guide you by our reviews about the products available in the market with up to date information available with our experience which are more supportive to you. a smile costs nothing, but it makes the moment more beautiful. our reviews may cost you a moment, but add to your comfort and safety.know about us at fark
leave a sarktattoosmay. 4th, 2017 | 06:53 pmtags: tattoo
posted by: salanth in seattlewho does the most precise, finest tattoos you've ever seen? specifically in red.
leave a sark {5}are you prepared so the sark?oct. 15th, 2016 | 07:18 pmmood: nostalgic
posted by: moonrock in seattledo any of you harpies have a pink nintendo ds?
leave a sark {6}college student looking for worksep. 15th, 2015 | 12:15 amlocation: seattle/bellevue/lynnwood/bothell/redmond... mood: creativetags: computer, employment, internet
posted by: bilal_kh in seattlehello everyone,i am looking for a job that is related to my field, or any job in a restaurant or housecleaning.i am techy guy, i am a web designer, with years of experience, i can deal with computers with any operation system, or any phones.put in mind that i don't have an ssn.thank you.
leave a sark {2}outdoor star trekjul. 10th, 2015 | 01:13 pmposted by: lettered in seattleoutdoor trek is an episode of the original series of star trek adapted for the stage and performed live in seattle’s blanche lavizzo park.  this year’s episode is “amok time” (yes, the one where spock goes into heat).  starting july 18, the play runs every saturday at 7pm and every sunday at 2pm and ends august 9.  pre-shows start and hour before the show and food trucks will be at every event.  outdoor trek features a live band, genderbending casting, and a diy aesthetic that makes star trek’s optimistic future feel close to home.the play is free.  spread the word.
leave a sarkplease give blood: heat wave blood shortage and new much shorter deferral times for tattoosjul. 5th, 2015 | 09:17 amtags: medical, tattoo
posted by: jeliza in seattlethe heat wave has severely disrupted blood donations (many mobile drives had to be canceled) especially for o-, o+ and a-if you a freshly inked and so think you aren't eligible, when i was at the blood center yesterday they said the deferral period has been shortened from a year to 3 days as long as you got your ink at a licensed wa, or, ca or id artist who uses sterile equipment.also, there is air conditioning, free cookies, and usually wi-fi.july 4th tends to be a spike in blood need anyway, so please donate if you can.(unfortunately, the ban on men who have ever had sex with men is still in place; the blood centers are just as mad about it as i am but the fda is currently holding the line.)
leave a sark {5}camping, drumming, singing, firejun. 16th, 2015 | 05:30 pmposted by: iamkatia in seattlehi seattle!i'm organizing a camping trip for my african drumming students on the last wknd of june.we thought we had a place picked out but it turns out we can't have a fire there.can anyone offer suggestions as to where we could camp and drum?it would have to be pretty close to where we park our cars because we have heavy drums.couldn't be too close to others cos we'll be drumming a lot.would be great if campfires were allowed.also, would like it to be within 2 hrs drive of seattle.would love your thoughts! thank you!!
leave a sark {5}get rid of a couchjun. 11th, 2015 | 09:16 amtags: furniture
posted by: 0xandr in seattledoes anyone know free furniture pick up services? i have an older couch that i want to get rid of. its nothing fancy and one might say it has seen better times, but it still looks fine and i had no problem sleeping on it occasionally.
leave a sark {5}local seattle author and soap-makerapr. 1st, 2015 | 10:26 amtags: beauty, books
posted by: elenbarathi in seattle( boosting my daughter's signalcollapse )
leave a sark {1}maid service upon moving into new apartmentmar. 31st, 2015 | 04:34 amposted by: thiscantbesoy in seattlehello folks!has anyone ever used a maid service when moving into an empty apartment? specifically looking for one that will get into the nitty gritties: inside cupboards and drawers, inside the fridge, cabinets, shelves, wipe the walls, you name it, just really prepare the place for a new move-in. does anyone have a favorite?we're in the everett area, if it makes a difference.thanks for any and all reccs!
leave a sark {5}need help finding an apartment.mar. 17th, 2015 | 07:07 pmposted by: ballroom in seattlei've been scouring the internet and checking craiglist every day for over a month now to try to find an apartment that might fit our needs, but i'm not finding much. i wanted to post here and just see if by chance anyone knows of a place that might work? myself and my friend are looking for a 2 bedroom apartment (2 bath is preferable but we can do 1 bath) with all or mostly hardwood floors on the east side. she works in redmond, so we want to stay in the kirkland/bellevue/redmond/issaquah area to shorten her commute. - we need an apartment with as much hardwood/non-carpeted floors as possible because i have a cat with ibd, which causes him to vomit sometimes and i don't want to be stuck in a situation where i am cleaning cat puke out of a carpet and also lose my deposit or cause a headache for the apartment owners.- amenities don't matter too much, but a in unit washer and dryer would be fantastic. - aside from my cat i have one small dog, he's about 8 lbs. so we need a pet friendly place. - our budget is $1,500 - $1,600 (including w/s/g preferably) thank you anyone who might know of something!
leave a sark {2}(no subject)jan. 5th, 2015 | 04:13 amposted by: ballroom in seattleanybody know a good house cleaning service in the area? i have a small apartment and i'm hoping i can find a place that will do a one time cleaning and not cost me $100+ :(
leave a sark {7}(no subject)jan. 2nd, 2015 | 06:03 pmposted by: codevixen in seattlei have some things i'd like to donate that i don't think would be accepted at a thrift store, so i guess i'm looking for a women's shelter or some other place that would appreciate them. they're unopened and unexpired medical and health supplies, like alcohol prep pads, melatonin pills, gauze pads, soap and tampons. i'm in north seattle, near shoreline. any suggestions?
leave a sark {3}reasonable cost of spring break airfare to kauai?dec. 24th, 2014 | 12:41 pmposted by: glass_lion in seattlei'm looking at about $850pp (with 1 stop) if booking today for mid-april.  that seems steep.  what's your experience been?
leave a sark {5}windstorm roll call 2014!dec. 11th, 2014 | 07:39 pmmood: silly♪: on fire
posted by: solarbird in seattlehigh-speed winds roll call! nothing less than 30mph gusts ok!
leave a sark {14}cabbage wantedoct. 28th, 2014 | 09:34 pmtags: food
posted by: 0xandr in seattlewhite, one-foot-six, extremely crunchy and juicy - perfect for sauerkraut. last seen in yakima fruit market & nursery in bothell. anyone with information on its whereabouts is urged to report to this post.
leave a sark {2}old-school seattle blackout roll calloct. 25th, 2014 | 10:07 pmmood: silly
posted by: solarbird in seattlewe got no power but goddamn we have a lot of upses. who's still up?
leave a sark {41}indoor home gym for kids. indoor home playground.oct. 16th, 2014 | 03:21 pmtags: kids, sports
posted by: olympickidsgym in seattleindoor home playground is designed for various sport activities, facilitating increased physical development of children ages from 3.5 years.in the standard configuration on the indoor home gym set six sports equipment:- rope- gymnastic rings- rope-ladder- swedish wall- horizontal bar with a wide grip- trapezoidno drillings in ceiling or floor are necessary, since the equipment is only clamped.visit our website http://olympickids.cafacebook page: https://www.facebook.com/pages/olympickids/644342732314311   ( read more...collapse )
leave a sarkseeking: iphone repair options that are not the genius baroct. 6th, 2014 | 12:06 pmposted by: littlebluedog in seattledusting off the lj account to ask for personal recs for iphone repair people.had a dude in portland who could fix any apple product on the cheap, an ex-genius who went solo.  i'd much prefer to follow that route now that i'm in seattle, but don't know anyone.problem is with my old iphone 4, which took a dunk in a puddle and now won't sync or charge via the 30-pin connector, and there's data (mostly photos) on there i'd like to recover.  (hadn't synced in quite a while, and my icloud backup didn't include this data.)thanks in advance for any help.
leave a sark {7}haulerssep. 23rd, 2014 | 01:08 pmposted by: seattle_mary in seattleanyone have any recommendations regarding haulers?  i need to donate a piano,a chair, and then have "stuff" that will go to the dump.  if you have any idea what this might cost - or know of a company, please let me know. 
leave a sark {5}stuff it.aug. 26th, 2014 | 09:54 amposted by: apestyle in seattlehey seattle,i'm raising funds to stuff backpacks full of school supplies to help the teens that youthcare look over. if you can spare $10 or more, please pitch in at: https://www.crowdrise.com/thebackpackinitiativethanks!
leave a sarkchicago transplantaug. 19th, 2014 | 02:56 pmlocation: seattle, wa.mood: hopeful♪: my daughter playing video games
posted by: curvy_goddess in seattlehey all.  33, new to seattle as of mid-july.  married, stay-at-home mommy to a 7 year-old cutie pie.  living in west seattle.  looking for other moms with kiddos around my daughter's age for meetups or playdates.  school is starting soon, and i wouldn't mind having someone to shop with, explore, or just go for a walk with during school hours.  anyone?
leave a sark {2}(no subject)aug. 3rd, 2014 | 10:50 pmposted by: ballroom in seattlemy birthday is next month. what's a good restaurant in the city for a large group of people? (probably at least 10)?
leave a sark {9}looking for a pt (virtual-ish) sales/office assistant.jul. 29th, 2014 | 04:49 pmtags: employment
posted by: jeliza in seattlei hope this is okay; seattlejobs appears to be moribund; i am hiring an assistant to help with customer service/no-pressure sales and a little bit of admin stuff. everything is done by e-mail. $11/hr, over-the-table employee, pretty much entirely telecommute once initial training is done, can be anywhere in washington state but training will happen in shoreline / north seattle. full details in my lj.
leave a sark {1}seeking pruner/gardenerjul. 27th, 2014 | 07:44 amposted by: glass_lion in seattlei have an established garden (perennials) but need a few hours/week help maintaining it (tree and shrub pruning, weeding).  the gardening services i've googled are insanely high-priced, like $35/hour!  anyone know of, or work for, an experienced, dependable gardener with reasonable rates?  i don't need garden design, but on the other hand i don't need lawn mowing or indiscriminate land-clearing - just help controlling the jungle instincts of my garden.  :)
leave a sark {5}pt job opportunity downtownjul. 27th, 2014 | 07:31 amposted by: glass_lion in seattlelooking for pt job for the next few years?  my downtown law firm seeks a file clerk (filing lawsuit documents into physical files and keeping an index updated).  about 10 hours/week, flexible hours, nice co-workers.  get to see the inside workings of a law firm.  $11/hour.  send a pm with resume and cover letter directly to me.
leave a sark {2}elderly doggie in need of homejul. 25th, 2014 | 08:34 amposted by: elialshadowpine in seattlehi! i haven't posted here before, but as we are trying to get word out, it occurred to me it might be worth posting here. hopefully this is within rules. :)my girlfriend is in need of a new home for her 16 year old (as far as we can guess; she is at least that old, perhaps older) aussie shepard, sadie. she does not wish to rehome sadie, but we are faced with very few options. at this point, she has had to make the very difficult decision that she can no longer adequately care for sadie due to disability. we live in the olympia, wa, area.sadie is a lovely dog. she is friendly, easy to get along with, she's awesome with children, no issues with cats, or other animals. she will growl if cats or other animals try to steal her food, but she has never bitten or snapped at the animals, or people.here is the problem. she's getting older, and at this point she has a three hour bladder, almost like clockwork. she has always been an indoor dog, and is utterly terrified of the outdoors. we have set up a dog run and despite our best efforts, she has managed to tangle herself in the line regularly. she will do this until someone comes out to untangle her, but upon someone going inside, she will immediately re-tangle herself. she is also houdini dog and will wiggle out of her harness regularly and try to bury under fences. she must be an indoor dog.she is also going on a hunger strike due to being outdoors. she is scattering her food and refusing to eat unless someone is with her. the apartment that my girlfriend and her family have been able to find (temporarily; they moved cross-country and are job-hunting but being in training w/o pay does not count as income for renting a house) does not allow dogs, and my rental home does not allow indoor dogs. even if we could have sadie indoors, most of our household is disabled and on vacillating sleep schedules. it is simply not possible to arrange to walk her every three hours (or less; it has crept up to every hour at points), especially now that she is not signaling when she needs to be walked.more minor issues are that she is arthritic, although she does not seem to be in pain. she is deaf in some ranges, but not completely. prior to my girlfriend and family adopting her, she spent five years in a household that did not care for her and actively abused her. this has resulted in a few things, such as she is triggered by men in plaid shirts and baseball caps. she was never properly trained (commands such as sit), and by the time my girlfriend adopted her at age five, no amount of verbal training was successful. she is not ill-behaved, beyond the frequent walking needed, and some amount of gesture training has been successful. unfortunately, nearly everyone in the household is disabled with chronic pain at this point, with the exception of those who are working and thus cannot walk a dog on a three hour schedule. it is simply not possible to give her the care that she needs, as much as we want to. this is not a decision that has been made lightly. she is very loved, and this is breaking my girlfriend's heart, but my girlfriend wants the best for sadie, and none of us simply have the capability to provide for her needs at this point. she is not in pain, and we do not want to put her to sleep.she is very sweet, lovable, and kind. she likes to tuck people in at night (my girlfriend adds to this that she comes to the side of the bed and will tug the blanket over her), and she protects those she loves. with her age and arthritis, she is not very active, but she is very loving. she is an amazing dog who just needs people who are physically able to meet her needs. there is a video of her here, if you would like to see video.again, we are in olympia, wa. we are willing to drive her to seattle or portland (or another city of similar distance, but 2hrs is about the max based on health issues). if anyone is interested, please contact omi at omimouse@hotmail.com, and please cc her husband louis at louis.adkins@hotmail.com.if anyone is willing, re-posts and signal boosts would be appreciated. thank you very much for reading.
leave a sark {29}outdoor star trekjul. 19th, 2014 | 12:05 amposted by: lettered in seattlehello earth productions is proud to announce its fourth episode, "mirror, mirror," in its outdoor trek performance series. performances will be saturdays at 7pm and sundays at 2pm in dr. blanche lavizzo park’s amphitheater (in the central district) on the weekends of july 19-20, july 26-27, and august 2-3. the classic episode has the crew of the enterprise transporting to a mirror universe in which their counterparts are brutal and savage. the show is free and open to the public.outdoor trek is a community project which celebrates the diversity of the original series, while at the same time adapting it to the 21st century, outdoor theater, and community. the inspiration is half sci-fi, half shakespeare. shakespeare in the park is a well-loved tradition, offering free theater, a social gathering in the sunshine, and a familiar, classic story. hello earth presents a new classic, just as beloved, only this time in outer space.hello earth productions produced the star trek episode “the naked time” in 2010, “this side of paradise” in 2011, and "the devil in the dark," in 2013. the company happily accepts donations during the performances, but there is no charge. it is recommended for spectators to bring cushions, as the amphitheater seating is concrete. you can learn more at www.helloearthproductions.org or on twitter at @hello_earth.
leave a sark {2}selling or trading booksjul. 7th, 2014 | 06:28 pmposted by: salanth in seattleanyone have recent info on good places to sell or trade books?twice sold tales will do store credit and there's always half price books, but what else is out there?
leave a sark {5}room mate needed!jul. 7th, 2014 | 04:08 pmtags: gay, housing, lodging, moving
posted by: ziggystarmod in seattlemy room mate is moving out by the end of the month and i need to find a new one! the apartment is a bit small(but doable for two people), it's close to downtown/the cd/the id/and capitol hill. if you are interested this is a good starter apartment in a brilliant location. please message me if you're interested!ps: please be queer friendly!
leave a sarkhair removal?may. 3rd, 2014 | 05:56 pmtags: hair
posted by: jeliza in seattleany recommendations for good permanent hair removal (i.e. laser, electrolysis, etc.) in seattle and points north? 
leave a sark {10}argh what is itapr. 4th, 2014 | 11:40 pmposted by: crankygirlie in seattlei don't usually feel the compulsion to make these kinds of posts, but...if you're up in shoreline near shoreline community college, do you know what the hell is going on with the plane (or chopper?) that's been up in the air for like twenty minutes now?! it's a bit nerve wracking.edit: it is gone and remains a mystery... dun dun dun.
leave a sark {2}moving recommendationsapr. 2nd, 2014 | 11:02 amposted by: thatsassylassie in seattlehey-i'm moving towards the end of the month and looking for advice on who to hire (or avoid) for a local move. we're just going from slu to mt. baker/columbia city area. any personal experience or recommendations greatly appreciated. additionally, any places worth checking out in the columbia city neighborhood (other than the places on rainier)? i've gotten spoiled living so close to fremont and downtown. i don't really know this neighborhood very well yet.  thanks in advance for any wisdom.
leave a sark {7}black light posters?mar. 30th, 2014 | 07:41 amposted by: m0rbidm00n in seattlehey seattle lj,i'm hoping you can help me find the best place to acquire black light posters. apparently it's not the 70's anymore, so i'm having a difficult time finding quantity/quality. any suggestions? i'd prefer shops on the north end or east side, but i'm willing to travel if there's an ultimate source.tia!
leave a sark {6}outdoor star trek auditionsmar. 16th, 2014 | 11:57 amposted by: lettered in seattleplease feel free to link this around to anyone who might be interested.hello earth is a grass roots community enterprise formed with the intention of presenting free entertainment in outdoor spaces. our current project is a play based on an episode ("mirror, mirror") of star trek: the original series.auditions tonight (sunday, march 16, 2014) and tuesday (march 18, 2014) from 6:00pm to 9:00pm, at theatre puget sound, in the armory/center house on the 4th floor in seattle center, studio c (sunday, march 16th) and studio i (tuesday, march 18th).needed: actors to fill all roles (except kirk, spock and mccoy), which will be cast without regard to the gender or race of the original series characters. we are not looking for impersonation. we are looking for creative people who want to be part of the process both on and off stage.auditions will consist of cold readings. please be prepared to stay for the entire time; we may not need you for that long but we will be holding callbacks after hearing everyone.performances will take place at the end of july and beginning of august outside at blanche lavizzo park.please contact me, lettered, or helloearthseattle@gmail.com with any questions.
leave a sarkwhere the naps at cap hill / downtown/ fremont???feb. 25th, 2014 | 10:59 pmposted by: mcfnord in seattlemy girlfriend is dying of brain cancer. she likes naps in dark rooms and very warm beds. she'll need a nap at 2pm on saturday near seattle central community college. or downtown is great, just take a bus down. just for an hour. do you know a bed? i can pay $20 too. but cozy, clean, dark room. please help. even fremont cool. hey anywhere i can hit by taxi. we are going to http://www.gildasclubseattle.org/index.php til 1:30pm
leave a sark {8}(no subject)feb. 2nd, 2014 | 07:03 pmposted by: codevixen in seattlei take it we won something, from the screaming and fireworks outside. when will it be safe to venture into the city again?
leave a sark {17}i need a grief therapist.jan. 30th, 2014 | 12:51 amlocation: south seattlemood: sadtags: mental health
posted by: hannahsarah in seattlehey seattle.my mom passed away about a year and a half ago, and i'm still struggling with it.  i'm already on butt loads of antidepressants and anti anxiety meds, plus sleeping pills, but i'm not coping well.i need to talk to someone, preferably in the south end, rainier ave., etc.  or downtown.  it would be awesome if they did nlp or cbt type therapy.  bonus points and i will bake you brownies if they accept medicare, but if not and they're good, i'll find the money somehow.my google fu is failing me.please help.  my mom would not want me to be like this, she wants me to enjoy my life.  thank you.
leave a sark {6}breaking news!!!!jan. 11th, 2014 | 12:14 pmposted by: thetar in seattlethunder in seattle. i think many are scared and now in therapy. please consider making a donation to support those poor souls in their recovery from this event.. posted via m.livejournal.com.
leave a sark {1}6th annual street youth fundraiser--updatedec. 21st, 2013 | 06:49 amposted by: iamkatia in seattleok, so, here's the final update on my 6th annual street youth xmas fundraiser--the goal was $1600.00 and we blew past it by several hundred!! our grand total, collected from 36 donors is $2,037.98--woohooo!!! that's about $167.00 a month that i'll be able to afford to get kids that one thing they really need; a phone for job searching, a bus ticket back to their home state and families, warm winter-wear and blankets, hand-warmers (a homeless man said last night that they were "lifesavers", they are, buy some and keep them in your glovebox for the ppl spanging at off-ramps. that and new pairs of socks) 3 $15.00 money orders a month for our kids in prison,--on and on, so much need comes up! and now, thanks to these 36 donors and all of the people who rallied and shared, i'm in a position to help a lil bit. i bless you all. this is truly the real spirit of christmas. deep, deep thank you's to cathy c, cara l, age d (gave twice!), sara g, clystina w, linda l #1, linda l #2, nicholas i, jack, justin s (is this the ex-street youth?? that would be a first, and awesome, must find out), mary f, don l, stephanie m, aaron g, mac m, sharon p, babylonia a, patsyann c (gave twice!), carlo v, ryan w, carolyn f, nicole d, deirdre&blake l, rachel p, shannon r (gave twice!), jennifer c, chalice b, audra b, yahm p, karen s, lori j, meagan b, carol w, suzanne p, mindy w, ruth y. bless you all.some years ago, i put together a lil slideshow of some of my street family members. click on the link below, click on 'street youth in seattle', then 'play slideshow', turn on yr speakers, and sit back and enjoy.i love you all. i love you all.http://www.lightstalkers.org/iamkatia...  96 hr update: every morning for the last 4 days i've started my day weeping tears of joy while sipping my coffee and reading all the incredible notes of love and support pouring in on behalf of my beloved street family.notes like this one:mac ******* sent you $75.00 usd:"i wish so much that i could donate more. we have so little money but we wanted to help, so we took all of our christmas budget and we're giving it to the kids who need it so much more than our gift recipients do. :-) katia, these kids are so fortunate to have a mother like you. bless you."whoa. right? ...i'm more convinced than ever that the greatest gift one can give to themselves is to help others. so,.. here's where we're at--the goal this year is to reach $1600.00 which beats last year's total by $8.00. we are now at $1,457.06 (!!!) we are only $143.00 away from our goal! we sooo got this. we need one last final push to get over that finish-line. so pls toss in a few dollars and continue to share (all the shares have been amazing!) and by this time tomorrow, we'll be wrapping things up here w a huge thank you and a street family slideshow. merry xmas, and bless you all!! <372 hr update: big, wonderful spike in donations yesterday! we're up to 19 donors giving a total of $1,136.50!! i couldn't be happier. only $463.50 to raise to reach this year's goal of $1600.00. yesterday's donations were big--3 people gave a total of $400.00. wow! but now's the time when lots of smaller $5. & $10. donations can make a huge difference. pls help us get to the finish-line! for the kids!! <348 hr update: a dozen people have donated a total of $631.50! we're 40% to the goal of $1600. please keep sharing and pls keep giving. let's show the youth here that we love them and care deeply for their well-being. <324 hr update: it's been almost 24 hours since the fundraiser began and, so far, 7 people have donated a total of $453.25! that's a great start toward my $1600. goal this year, but we need more than 7 people to step up for our youth! can you donate what you'll spend at your favorite coffee shop today to help support street kids who are trying to improve their lives? pls consider it. the money raised will likely last all year and goes to things like--winter wear, blankets, tents, sleeping bags, skateboards (totally legitimate, environmentally friendly means of transportation!), books, phones (for kids actively looking for employment), clothing, bus tickets, replacement id's, household items for when they get their 1st apt/room..to donate $ go to this paypal link:https://www.paypal.com/and make a donation to my email address: iamkatia@gmail.comif you'd rather offer gift cards, that's awesome! i'll pm you my address.if you rather meet a youth and take them shopping for their needs, i will be thrilled to arrange that!if you can only spare $5.00, i know what that's like! and i will put it to good use.i have been so honored to be street mom for hundreds of youth over the last decade. it's been the most important thing i've ever done in my life. and i have been so blessed by the kid's presence in my life.thank you for supporting these amazing and worthy young members of our family. <3
leave a sarkweatherdec. 20th, 2013 | 09:53 amposted by: captain_slinky in seattleanybody know if it snowed last night?  i'd look out my window, but it's *waaaay* over there and i'm really kind of used to having the internet tell me what's out there...
leave a sark {7}6th annual street youth fundraiser--updatedec. 20th, 2013 | 08:00 amposted by: iamkatia in seattle72 hr update: big, wonderful spike in donations yesterday! we're up to 19 donors giving a total of $1,136.50!! i couldn't be happier. only $463.50 to raise to reach this year's goal of $1600.00. yesterday's donations were big--3 people gave a total of $400.00. wow! but now's the time when lots of smaller $5. & $10. donations can make a huge difference. pls help us get to the finish-line! for the kids!! <348 hr update: a dozen people have donated a total of $631.50! we're 40% to the goal of $1600. please keep sharing and pls keep giving. let's show the youth here that we love them and care deeply for their well-being. <324 hr update: it's been almost 24 hours since the fundraiser began and, so far, 7 people have donated a total of $453.25! that's a great start toward my $1600. goal this year, but we need more than 7 people to step up for our youth! can you donate what you'll spend at your favorite coffee shop today to help support street kids who are trying to improve their lives? pls consider it. the money raised will likely last all year and goes to things like--winter wear, blankets, tents, sleeping bags, skateboards (totally legitimate, environmentally friendly means of transportation!), books, phones (for kids actively looking for employment), clothing, bus tickets, replacement id's, household items for when they get their 1st apt/room..to donate $ go to this paypal link:https://www.paypal.com/and make a donation to my email address: iamkatia@gmail.comif you'd rather offer gift cards, that's awesome! i'll pm you my address.if you rather meet a youth and take them shopping for their needs, i will be thrilled to arrange that!if you can only spare $5.00, i know what that's like! and i will put it to good use.i have been so honored to be street mom for hundreds of youth over the last decade. it's been the most important thing i've ever done in my life. and i have been so blessed by the kid's presence in my life.thank you for supporting these amazing and worthy young members of our family. <3
leave a sark {1}snowpacalypse 2013 alert.dec. 18th, 2013 | 04:20 pmtags: sensationalism, snow, transportation
posted by: rhonan in seattleurgent - winter weather messagenational weather service seattle wa323 pm pst wed dec 18 2013.overview...a moist warm front will spread precipitation overwestern washington late thursday night through friday. theprecipitation will fall into a cool dry air mass...which willresult in snow over the lowlands. warmer air with the warm frontwill eventually change the snow over to rain by late fridaymorning. there is still quite a bit of uncertainty regarding howthis event will unfold...particularly with how much snow will fallin which areas. if warm south winds are more effective thanexpected then snow amounts will be less.( read more...collapse )
leave a sark {8}6th annual street youth fundraiser--updatedec. 18th, 2013 | 06:57 amposted by: iamkatia in seattle48 hr update ii: a dozen people have donated a total of $631.50! we're 40% to the goal of $1600. please keep sharing and pls keep giving. let's show the youth here that we love them and care deeply for their well-being. <324 hr update i: it's been almost 24 hours since the fundraiser began and, so far, 7 people have donated a total of $453.25! that's a great start toward my $1600. goal this year, but we need more than 7 people to step up for our youth! can you donate what you'll spend at your favorite coffee shop today to help support street kids who are trying to improve their lives? pls consider it. the money raised will likely last all year and goes to things like--winter wear, blankets, tents, sleeping bags, skateboards (totally legitimate, environmentally friendly means of transportation!), books, phones (for kids actively looking for employment), clothing, bus tickets, replacement id's, household items for when they get their 1st apt/room..to donate $ go to this paypal link:https://www.paypal.com/and make a donation to my email address: iamkatia@gmail.comif you'd rather offer gift cards, that's awesome! i'll pm you my address.if you rather meet a youth and take them shopping for their needs, i will be thrilled to arrange that!if you can only spare $5.00, i know what that's like! and i will put it to good use.i have been so honored to be street mom for hundreds of youth over the last decade. it's been the most important thing i've ever done in my life. and i have been so blessed by the kid's presence in my life.thank you for supporting these amazing and worthy young members of our family. <3
leave a sark {8}6th annual seattle street youth fundraiser!dec. 17th, 2013 | 10:35 amposted by: iamkatia in seattleit's that time of year again when i ask you all to reach into your hearts, and wallets, to show some love for seattle street youth this holiday season.last year i was able to raise $1,590.26 to help get street youth the things they need all year round -- not just for christmas. in fact, the $ raised lasted until last month, where i spent the last $115.00 on blankets and 3 - $15.00 money orders for kids in prison. this year i'd love to beat that record and get over $1600.00. there is no doubt in my mind that we can do this!it's easy--just go to this paypal link:https://www.paypal.com/and make a donation to my email address: iamkatia@gmail.comanother option is donating items, such as bus tickets/orca cards, hand-warmers, sketch pads/art supplies, winter accessories, etc..and yet another option is a.s.k.--adopt a street kid for the holiday season and take them shopping yourself!i love you all!! bless your kind hearts. <3and please share widely!!**update: received 3 donations in a little less than 4 hours, for a total of $300.00.almost 20% of the way to my goal of $1600.00, woohooo!! bless. <3
leave a sark {10}sopapilla huntdec. 6th, 2013 | 10:56 amposted by: jianna in seattleso probably two years ago or so i posted here looking for a place to get sopapillas.  real pillowy ones, not a goddamn fried tortilla with chocolate sauce and whipped cream.well i am pleased to report i have found something just a few inches off from being the real deal.  plaza garibaldi in queen anne makes sopapillas that are like smaller, slightly more donut-like versions of a real new mexican/arizonan sopapilla.( photographic proofcollapse )
leave a sark {6}seattle nurses?dec. 2nd, 2013 | 12:44 pmposted by: thatsassylassie in seattleany nurses on here?  i've lived here for 6 months and work in one of the hospitals on first hill. (i'd rather not bad-mouth by name in a public forum). i don't know a lot of people in seattle and my only fellow nurse friends here work in my same hospital.i am thinking of moving to another hospital, (or other nursing job) but don't have anyone to ask which might be better.  i'd hate to give up a tolerable, but not great  job for something i end up hating.  anyone have opinions on which places are best to work in the seattle metro area? any opinions or advice welcome. 
leave a sark {6}thanksnowmagedocalypsenov. 27th, 2013 | 10:00 amposted by: the_sky_anus in seattlei apologize for the former ramblings put forth on this medium about the impending doom i am belching forth upon your city.  in short, i'm about to bite down on the proverbial leather belt, grunt and holler, blow out my o-ring, and smother you all with whiteness from my bowels.  i mean.  maybe.  if i feel like it.  more than likely, i'll just dribble on you and make it unpleasantly damp and chilly.  expect high-30s to mid-40s and glorious wetness.  
leave a sark {1}viewing: most recent entriesgo: earlier
































