

































camelot homes | luxury home builder in scottsdale, arizona


































skip to the content















            communities
          

all communities
scottsdale
phoenix
gilbert
quicker delivery
custom & renovations



gallery



            about
          

about camelot
meet the team
awards
financing




            divisions
          

custom & renovations
stay
design studio



realtors


press



contact
















a vision of how life can and should be

explore our communities












2024 gold winner



2024 builder of the year






see all awards 





camelot homes
a sense of heart, compassion, and family. a vision of how life can and should be.
a home is much more than a structure – it’s an enclave that captures and treasures the poignant moments, the unforgettable celebrations, and the unexpected joys that encompass a beautiful, imaginative life. even as our business grows, we are committed to building distinctive, best-in-class homes that have as much character as their owners, providing a level of quality that goes above and beyond every industry norm, and surpassing the expectations of even the most discerning homebuyers.



learn more




























previous



next








completed communities
150+


camelot clients
4,000+


industry awards
200+


years in business
55






featured communities








aura
scottsdale, arizona

visit aura 










shadow ridge
scottsdale, arizona

visit shadow ridge 










stone crest
gilbert, arizona

visit stone crest 








explore all communities









family owned since 1969
a proven process, developed over 55 years of home building experience.
founded by one of arizona’s first licensed contractors, camelot homes has been built on a foundation of award-winning design and uncompromising quality since 1969. proudly family-owned across three generations, camelot’s handpicked team of homebuilding experts is committed to craftsmanship and excellence that stands the test of time.



meet the team








desirable locations
we seek out areas that embrace the arizona desert, with mountain views, accessibility to hiking trails, and plenty of open space with easy access to amenities like golf courses, specialty grocery stores, top restaurants, and shopping destinations.



innovative design
​​we are a design-focused company. when we set out to build a new luxury community, we know we have one opportunity to get it right. this is why our design team collaborates with award-winning architects, interior, and landscape designers, partnering with the best local firms. together, we collectively refine our floor plans and designs until we achieve the ideal outcome for both their location and future homeowners.



exceptional service
our team is dedicated to making the experience as smooth and enjoyable as possible. we have a number of homeowners who have been with camelot through multiple home purchases, and they tell us they choose camelot every time because of the homes we build and the elevated level of service we provide.



lasting quality
we are steadfast in our commitment to building with quality materials, sweating the details, and making sure things are done the right way the first time. it’s just one of the ways camelot homes stands out from the rest.





















"everyone at camelot was extremely accommodating and very responsive to all of our requests. we felt like victoria was not only as salesperson but also a great friend. she worked hard to make sure we were always up to speed on everything."



josh & natalie
shadow ridge

















"this is the second camelot home we have built. walking into the show homes we could see the craftsmanship and planning that goes into them. each member of the camelot team is approachable, knowledgeable, and wanted to help us create our vision of what our home would look like. we are thrilled with the results and have recommended camelot to our friends and are happy to recommend them to other people."



lisa & mike
skye view

















"the design process was excellent. camelot stands behind their homes and their warranty department is best in class."



eric & karen
the villas at desert mountain

















"the sales team at camelot homes and the retreat at 7 desert mountain are outstanding. they have taken great care of every client and are very involved from contract to closing to ensure a smooth and pleasant experience and transaction. leela is an exceptional leader and her team is phenomenal. it has been my absolute pleasure to work with camelot and the retreat team."



cathy
agent, realty executives phoenix

















"i highly recommend camelot homes! i worked closely with leela and she was knowledgeable, patient, and dedicated to helping my client build their perfect home. camelot makes the entire process smooth and stress-free, ensuring clients' needs are met every step of the way. my clients are thrilled with their new build!"



tatum
agent, smith realty group







previous



next






 


exclusive community access
join our vip list and receive special offers, incentives and invitations to exclusive community events





"*" indicates required fields

first name*last name*email*

phone*community of interest*community of interestauralegacy at dc ranchparadigmshadow ridgeskye viewstone crestthe collectionthe edge at joy ranchthe retreat at seven desert mountainthe villasviridianwillowcaptchathis field is hidden when viewing the formgrade*this field is hidden when viewing the formstage*this field is hidden when viewing the formcontact method*emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ





































contact
office: (480) 367-4300
sales: (602) 818-3725
roc# b-067408
designated broker: cameron beckert
corporate office
6607 n. scottsdale rd.
suite h-100
scottsdale, az 85250
design studio
6611 n. scottsdale rd.
scottsdale, az 85250


helpful links
client login
communities
quicker delivery homes
custom & renovations
stay
design studio
realtors
careers
press
privacy policy
terms of use


connect


























© copyright 2024 camelot homes. the floorplans and elevations of camelot homes are copyrighted. we have enforced and will continue to vigorously enforce our federal copyrights. in a continuing effort to meet changing conditions, camelot homes reserves the right to make or modify features, specifications and/or prices without notice or obligation. in addition, special wall and window treatments, upgraded floor coverings, landscaping, custom-designed walks and patio treatments, and many other items featured in and around the model homes are decorator items and may not be included in the base price. all square footages are approximate. renderings are artists’ illustrations. see your sales representative for further details. no offer to sell or lease can be made and no offer to purchase or lease can be accepted prior to issuance of arizona subdivision public report.
website design & development by  dallas mclaughlin digital marketing








contact us












