





























welcome to valley hospital medical center | las vegas, nv





















skip navigation



 





find a doctor
health records online
physician portal
gme program



search


702-388-4000702-388-4000



loading
















menu









back







close






services featured services: behavioral health 
cardiology 
emergency services 
neurology 
orthopedics 
palliative care 
radiology 
respiratory services 
stroke services 
surgery 
women's health services 
wound care 


patients & visitors billing and insurance: insurance plans 
health insurance marketplace 
online bill pay 
avoiding surprises in your medical bills 

patient services: health records online 
obtaining your medical records 
phone directory 
quality healthcare 
online registration - regie 
your hospital stay 
home health care  
price guide 
no surprises act 
commitment to health equity 
commitment to health equity 

visitors: directions and map 
visitor information 
send note to patient 
hotel options for visitors 


events events: event calendar 

programs: senior advantage 


about about us contact us 
ask the ceo 
awards and accreditations 
news 

resources blog 
health education podcasts 


careers 




find a doctor
health records online
physician portal
gme program
 



search form

search 



































          valley hospital medical center is one of america’s safest hospitals 
see our awards 


























	    	find a doctor	    












	    	pay your bill	    












	    	graduate medical education	    












	    	careers	    












recognized for excellence

	by u.s. news & world report
in heart attack, heart failure and kidney failure 















  
   
advanced cardiovascular care
cardiac care with heart at valley hospital.
learn more


    
   
heroes work at the valley health system
we've always been here when you needed us most. we're here for you now.
watch the video


 


previous next 








































valley hospital earns "a" hospital safety grade from the leapfrog group

valley hospital earns "a" hospital safety grade from the leapfrog group
the grade is based on over 30 performance measures reflecting errors, accidents, injuries and infections, as well as the systems hospitals have in...
read 

valley hospital acquires the spiration valve system for the treatment of severe emphysema

valley hospital acquires the spiration valve system for the treatment of severe emphysema
a new minimally invasive therapy is shown to improve lung function and quality of life. 
read 

er at north las vegas opens to provide emergency care for area residents

er at north las vegas opens to provide emergency care for area residents
er at north las vegas, an extension of valley hospital, opened tuesday, december 19.
read 


 









 







careers


 







our awards


 







events



 
















valley hospital medical center620 shadow lane, las vegas, nv 89106702-388-4000702-388-4000 








contact us
about our hospital
careers
news



facebook
instagram
linkedin
youtube









	the valley hospital medical center is operated by a subsidiary of universal health services, inc. (uhs), a king of prussia, pa-based company, that is one of the nation's largest and most respected providers of hospital and healthcare services.

	the information on this website is provided as general health guidelines and may not be applicable to your particular health condition. your individual health status and any required medical treatments can only be properly addressed by a professional healthcare provider of your choice. remember: there is no adequate substitution for a personal consultation with your physician. neither the valley hospital medical center, or any of their affiliates, nor any contributors shall have any liability for the content or any errors or omissions in the information provided by this website.            

	the information, content and artwork provided by this website is intended for non-commercial use by the reader. the reader is permitted to make one copy of the information displayed for his/her own non-commercial use. the making of additional copies is prohibited.





hipaa notice of privacy practices
language assistance
nondiscrimination notice
physician disclaimer
privacy policy
terms of use
site map
accessibility statement
price transparency
code of conduct
compliance hotline



© 2025 valley hospital medical center. all rights reserved.














