




































    
    law office of edward weiner - u.s. immigration attorney
  
  












          


       home



  about us



  our services



  which visa or green card?



  what our clients say about us



  schedule a free consultation








  





       law office of edward 
weiner
exclusively practicing us immigration law since 2003


     

 




text or call us at    (617) 682-8130 (us)    or    + 33 6 67 88 73 85 (france)



       english
en



  français
fr









 



       
    

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button










   a digital law firm for 21st-century immigration to the united states 



    a comprehensive u.s. immigration law firm

since 2003 we’ve been guiding our clients through the complexity of u.s. immigration law to help them obtain their visas, green cards, waivers, and other us immigration benefits. we offer legal services in both english and french and focus on 4 core areas: 
 business visas and green cards for artists, innovators, investors, entrepreneurs, and other business professionals; 
family-based applications; 
naturalization/citizenship applications and related matters; and 
complex cases needing extra attention (waiver applications, rfes, noids, denials, etc.).   




   from our clients:
"we had multiple legal issues to solve at the same time with a very short deadline (not even a week). edward was travelling but still managed to take care of us, worked restlessly to make it work and thanks to him we have been able to file on time. he also spent time to help us find the right attorney for our other legal issue that was not related to immigration. he called lawyers on our behalf to ensure they will successfully take our case. we don’t know how we would have done without him, his dedication was incredible. i would recommend edward with 0 limitations." ilg & elg
 we're a different kind of law firm with customized solutions




   we prepare your application as carefully as we would for ourselves. we see our work with you as a partnership, and we work with you to find the most appropriate and most cost-effective solution for your immigration needs.whether you want us to help you through every stage of the application process or whether you need a more personalized approach - such as advising you before submitting an application or helping you to prepare for a visa interview - we'll provide you with a solution that's adapted to your needs.



   from our clients: 
"attorney weiner showed interest beyond my own queries and offered alternative visa types that were associated with lower fees. this 'customer first' approach was transparent and well received." rj



    simplifying the complex

immigration law is really complex and constantly changing. u.s. courts and government officials regularly describe it as confusing as a labyrinth and a “mystery and a mastery of obfuscation.” and, between 2017 and 2020 there were more than 
400 changes to u.s. immigration law. we simplify the complex and guide you through this immigration maze. our goal is to make the process as easy as possible using simple explanations and plain language.



   from our clients: 
"d & i would like to take this opportunity to thank you for everything, and we cannot thank you enough. the whole experience working with you & marc has been as smooth as we could have asked for. your availability to answer our questions, guidance, advice and your patience with us through every step of the way was truly amazing. you have helped achieve a major step for us as a family." tet & dd
 the story behind our firm




   in 1998 while waiting for the bar results after graduating from law school, i volunteered to work on a pro bono asylum case with the 
pair project 
in boston. my client was from ethiopia, a country i knew nothing about. it was my first immigration case, in fact it was my first case of any type in which i was responsible for everything. i plunged into the minutiae required for preparing a complex immigration application. this work included many meetings with my client and other witnesses to understand the case and to prepare their statements; researching the law and country conditions; gathering supporting documents and constructing the application; and then finally guiding and accompanying my client through the immigration bureaucracy.today i bring the same passion and commitment to detail to each immigration application my office prepares, whether it be for an investor opening a restaurant, an entrepreneur launching their start-up, an artist performing in the u.s., a client who needs a waiver in order for their visa/green card application to be approved, or a couple wanting to start their life together in the u.s. for everyone working at my firm, immigration law is not just some impersonal, bureaucratic process. instead, each case tells a unique story, and we take the time to understand your unique background, aims, and ambitions so that we can be true counselors and advocates for you.



    experience what it's like to be our client

we’re extremely proud of the high level of service we offer our clients, and the fact that many of our new clients are referred to us by current and former clients tells us we’re on the right path. contact us for a free initial consultation to see how we can help you. no matter where you’re located, you can speak with us for free by zoom, whatsapp, facetime, skype or telephone.



   from our clients: 
"we love working with you and appreciate your hard work." ad & pd



      experience what it's like to be our client    

contact us for a free initial consultation to find out how we can help you.   

schedule a free consultation now!











      law office of edward weinerpo box 6485, boston, ma 02114
  law office of edward weiner
 © 2025



     

 

 

 

 


























































































































  
  share by:










