

zen&the art of speedskating:































































































   


 




 



welcome 
if there is something here that inspires a smile, a thought, or a "hmmmm, cool" then i consider this site to be time well spent. 
my life changed in 43.84 seconds on january 5th, 2002. that moment led directly to you reading these words.  

latest updates:

there are really 2 distinct sections  of this website, the real action is on my blog, i post regularly and average 591 visitors a day from all over the world, and am on track for a half-million page views this year. 
stop on by, say hello, join the crazy community of skaters/family/odd souls on the blog. 
i rarely update this main part anymore, mainly it exists as a place for my professional design portfolio, and an archive of writing i did before i started blogging. 
if you want to contact me, please do write! i love to hear from people who enjoy my online work. i can't quite wrap my mind around the numbers i see in my web-stats, however, i can understand the good people i meet. 
email: spdsk88er (at) yahoo (dot) com
onward!
 


 
the primary categories in this site, and what exists in each of them 
home - you are here right now. 
blog - blogging is a tremendous vehicle for self-expression, news, analysis, weirdness, and everything else under the sun. 
i started zen & the art of speedskating in february of 2005. i just wanted to write to my friends & family about my experiences leading up to olympic trials. 
along the way, the world showed up. i never intended that to happen. i spend a lot of time writing, and it's wonderful to have met so many people because of it. 
thanks - no one steps to the staring line in a race alone, here are a few of the people i am blessed to have in my life. 
video - over 65,000 people have watched videos i have shot with my cheap handheld camera!
novels - long before i started blogging, i used to write long emails to friends & family describing my speedskating experiences. 
i seriously debated deleting this early stuff, as it's not up to my current standards. but sometimes it's interesting to see where a writer has come from. 
web design - need a good designer with a killer work ethic? this page has my portfolio, as well as comments from my clients.


 



 


 



 


 


