             
	home
              

join us for the ultrasound event | aium 2025 annual convention  march  29 - april 1, 2025. learn more >>>




join us at ultracon 2024 in austin, texas: your front-row seat to the future of ultrasound. register now >>>














my
            account



welcome






my profile



connect



cme tracker






logout







login














future fund


about us


contact us



































                    membership
                




join or renew your membership 


member benefits


group membership


how to volunteer for aium


connect (online community platform)


membership faqs






                    practice topics
                




artificial intelligence


basic science and instrumentation - aium


cardiovascular ultrasound


contrast-enhanced ultrasound


dermatology


elastography


fetal echocardiography


general and abdominal ultrasound


gynecologic ultrasound


high frequency clinical and preclinical imaging


interventional-intraoperative ultrasound


musculoskeletal ultrasound


neurosonology


obstetric ultrasound


pediatric ultrasound


point-of-care ultrasound


sonography


therapeutic ultrasound


ultrasound in global health


ultrasound in medical education


urology






                    learning & events
                




aium annual convention


my aium cme tracker


upcoming events


case challenges


online learning center


on-demand webinars


on-demand lectures


on-demand courses


cme journal articles


upcoming webinars


topic ideas


aium custom training and training center






                    resources
                




practice parameters


official statements


training guidelines


resource library 


teaching tools


aium blog


careers


related sites


medical ultrasound awareness month (muam)


medical ultrasound safety 






                    accreditation
                




what is accreditation


become accredited


access accreditation account


directory of accredited practices


accreditation application toolkit


accreditation faqs






                    journal
                




jum overview


become a reviewer


submit a manuscript


jumpstart
















the ultrasound event2025 aium annual conventionmarch 29 - april 1, 2025 | orlando, fl
  register now







browse upcoming events & courses













february 20, 2025


ultrasound-based liver fat quantification


webinar


                                    understand the difference between quantitative and standard b-mode ultrasound, and learn how ai and physics-based methods quantify liver fat and their pros, cons, and challenges in clinical use.
                                













march 29, 2025


2025 aium annual convention: the ultrasound event


14100 bonnet creek resort lane, orlando, florida, usa


                                    join your colleagues at the 2025 aium annual convention: the ultrasound event (formerly ultracon), the world’s premier gathering of ultrasound clinicians, researchers, and industry.  happening in orlando, florida from march 29 - april 1, 2025. 
                                













april 5, 2025


intestinal ultrasound for gi disease course


virtual


                                    join us for this new one-day virtual live cme course, hosted by the aium, focusing on using intestinal ultrasound as a real-time diagnostic and objective disease activity assessment tool in the evaluation of inflammatory bowel disease.
                                






more











not a member?join today




already a member?login











the benefits of membership






free cmeslearn from ultrasound experts and earn the credits you need 








amazing eventsexperience the learning, networking, and community








the aium journalcutting-edge research from around the world








a great communitytap into the expertise of colleagues and ultrasound experts





view member benefits








   




















the ultrasound event | 2025 aium annual convention
from “out of this world” keynote speakers to hands-on scanning workshops to the latest in ultrasound technology, this premier one-of-a-kind event is happening during spring 2025. registration coming soon!
learn more 


















partner with the aium
is your company interested in learning about advertising and collaborative opportunities with the aium? with more than 10,000 ultrasound professionals and other healthcare providers, the aium here to promote your latest company updates and technologies.
learn more 


















become accredited with the aium
aium ultrasound practice accreditation is a voluntary peer review process that allows practices to demonstrate that they meet or exceed nationally recognized standards in the performance and interpretation of diagnostic ultrasound examinations.
learn more 















aium news







                dec 16, 2024
            
exploring space and neurotherapeutics at the 2025 ultrasound event: a journey into the future of medical ultrasound
excitement for the the 2025 aium convention: the ultrasound event is growing!  read more about our impressive keynote speakers and hear what president of the aium, dr. richard hoppmann, had to say about them in our latest press release.




                sep 25, 2024
            
the ultrasound event 2025: pioneering the future of medical ultrasound
the american institute of ultrasound in medicine (aium) is excited to announce the 2025 aium annual convention: the ultrasound event.




                aug 6, 2024
            
the american institute of ultrasound in medicine welcomes steven r. meyers, phd, as chief executive officer
steven r. meyers, phd, joins the medical ultrasound association with more than a decade of transformative leadership and association experience.




more news 







recent jobs






certified fetal echo sonographer (nashville)ft and casual pt opportunities
nashville, tn, united states
pediatrix medical group



ultrasound technologist
reno, nv, united states
medpro healthcare staffing



ultrasound technologist
bedford, va, united states
medpro healthcare staffing




career center











aium resources



practice parameters guidelines for the performance and recording of high-quality ultrasound examinations.




training guidelinesofficial statements that establish the minimum training, experience, credentialing, and continuing medical education (cme) requirements.




official statementsthe aium’s official position on important issues and topics related to clinical ultrasound and provide guidance and support to members.







resource librarycollection of published works, including manuals, references, more.




career centerfor both job seekers and employers, you can find the perfect match and helpful resources to advance your career. 




teaching tools
resources designed to be used in a teaching environment.










get social

















partner with us | press | privacy policy | contact us14750 sweitzer lane, suite 100, laurel, md 20707301-498-4100 © american institute of ultrasound in medicine, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit educational organization. all rights reserved.web design & development by matrix group international, inc.








                                                                                                                          
