





real estate at cape cod | boston, ma movers & relocation services








































 





skip to content




















home
about us
contact us
moving companies







search for:















 
20oct


home improvements worth doing before listing your home 

20 oct 2021
  realesta leave a comment



selling your home without improving it first can be a bad move. not only has it likely sustained damage over the years that needs fixing, but it might not look as appealing anymore. big or small, making renovations before listing your home for sale can make all the difference in finding a buyer quickly. on top of that, you can also sell it for a higher price. with that being said, here are some crucial home renovation projects to perform that will increase your house’s value before you put it on the market.


1. painting 


painting might be simple, but it’s a cost-effective way to add more value. not only will it improve the look of your house. it also prevents damages to walls while you wait for a buyer. this is an essential addition to your renovation list since color makes a huge difference in landing prospects who prefer their homes painted in certain colors. it would be best to hire a home painter, use fresh coats and quality materials for painting since a poorly done paint job can overpower other renovations you’re going to make.


a fresh coat of paint can do wonders!


2. add a gutter system


nobody likes to deal with a leaking roof. that puddle of water on your driveway and the potential for mold-infested walls is a big turn-off for potential buyers. investing in gutters solves this problem. they channel rainwater away from the most critical sections of your home. don’t be confused with the vast array of available rain gutter styles. remember, the best ones to have are those that keep water and moisture from building up. prospect buyers will definitely be looking for a working gutter system, so make sure you have one installed or fixed already.


gutters are essential for protecting your home from rainwater.


3. siding installation or repair


like paint, siding plays a major factor in curb appeal. replacing your old and faded siding or even just repainting it will give your home a fresh new look. however, this operation can be a massive investment. thankfully, there are now plenty of materials that let you achieve a certain aesthetic without spending too much. one example is fiber cement that can imitate the more expensive wood siding. another option is a faux stone that replicates the look of natural stone. they might not bump up the price as much as the authentic materials, but they still spice up your home’s appearance. there’s no way a good exterior won’t attract buyers.


everyone has different takes on different types of siding, but whichever you choose, just make sure it’s well crafted.


4. install light fixtures


light fixtures are more than just sources of light to help you see around the night. they also add character and set up the ambiance to any room. installing different lighting to complement the room setting makes an instant focal point that buyers immediately notice upon entering the house. if you don’t want to risk being too adventurous with fixtures, upgrading your current ones to more consistent sources like led and fluorescent is still a profitable move.


don’t undermine the power of lights to add ambiance to a home.


5. improve the windows


windows go hand-in-hand with siding in enhancing the exterior look. no matter how appealing your siding is, old, torn, and broken windows will make the overall aesthetic look terrible. so it’s about time you make upgrade them. the more energy-efficient your windows are, the fewer drafts you’ll have in the home. add double-pane or thermal panes for additional insulation and energy efficiency to cut down heating costs during winter.


do your windows need some updating?


6. landscaping 


if you’ve noticed already, curb appeal is a huge factor for buyers. a well-landscaped yard is a definite plus when it comes to selling your home. not only does it look more appealing, but it’s also a great place to hang out for everyone. landscaping doesn’t necessarily mean an overhaul of your lawn. just make sure that all trees and bushes are healthy and trimmed neatly. you can also relocate plants around to achieve a more seasoned look. just make sure you don’t make drastic changes before listing your homes. planting trees and plants take a while to grow. don’t bother if you don’t have time for that.


having a pretty landscape makes buyers see that the house was well taken care of.


7. remodel your kitchen


one of the top things that buyers look for is a modernized kitchen. it’s the heart of every home, and it should be updated as soon as possible. that means spending money to improve the sink, fix the cabinets, and change the flooring. but if your kitchen appears dashing already, all you have to do is make sure it’s clean and presentable.


buyers want a modern kitchen.


8. upgrade your bathroom


some people are very particular about bathrooms since they’re personal spaces. so another excellent renovation project to consider before is an upgraded bathroom. check out some all-new trendy fixtures right now, such as pedestal sinks and contemporary bathtubs. it might even be worth having small plants around to freshen up the ambiance. on top of getting upgrades, make sure that everything inside the bathroom is working. this includes non-leaking pipes, faucets, and bowls that flush properly.


bathroom. need we say more?


a word of advice


if budget is in question, you can still probably sell your home without making renovations. however, it might take a long time to find a potential buyer. so while you’re at it, you might as well start upgrading your home, little by little.








 
21mar


is cape cod a good place to live? 

21 mar 2021
  realesta leave a comment


a geographical hook carved by retreating glaciers, cape cod branches from the east side of massachusetts, extending into the big blue atlantic. when paying a visit, the first thing that might strike you is the expansive water views. waking up to the familiar smell of the sea, you’ll love walking out of your front porch […]







12jul


cape cod food | dine-in, take-out, and more 

12 jul 2017
  realesta leave a comment


cape cod is one of the most attractive summer destinations for many tourists. regardless of whether you have been at the beach relaxing or enjoying other activities, you’ll probably be in no mood to cook dinner after such a long and exhausting day. luckily, there are many dining options on cape cod, so finding a […]







 
9jun


what to know before moving to cape cod 

9 jun 2017
  realesta leave a comment


cape cod is an excellent place to live. whether you’re looking to retire here or simply want a change of scenery, there are some important things to know before you move to cape cod: 1. there are several towns on the cape the cape has fifteen townships which include mashpee, barnstable, falmouth, bourne, sandwich, harwich, […]







 
9jun


cape cod and boston-area moving company recommendations 

9 jun 2017
  realesta leave a comment


if you are planning a relocation to cape cod, real estate at cape cod has several local and regional movers that we recommend working with. we’ve had hundreds of clients use the services listed below, and all come with our highest recommedations. please contact our office if you need assistance with finding any other local services during your time of transition.
moving companies on cape cod
cape cod moving & storage
www.capecodmovinginc.com
(800) 455-7356
convenient locations in falmouth, hyannis, and orleans
colony moving & storage
www.colonymovers.com
(800) 374-0860
agent for united van lines
moving companies in plymouth, ma
minutemen moving company
www.minutemenmoving.net
508-747-0005
15 years of experience delivering quality moving services in hyannis and plymouth
moving companies in boston, ma
gentle movers
www.gentlemovers.com
617-333-3400
3 decades of exception services & 5 boston locations
cheap movers boston
www.cheapmoversboston.net
(857) 305-0075
known for affordable rates from the best boston moving companies
services available
all the companies listed can help with the following residential moving services:

packing: if the thought of packing your house is keeping you from sleeping at night, consider calling on the pros. professional movers work quickly and efficiently to pack your home – from the basement to the attic.
loading/unloading: if you’re renting a storage container or a truck, but still need help getting it loaded or unloaded, then call on a local mover to assist.
packing supplies: get premium packing supplies – from heavy-duty boxes to packing paper – to make sure you have everything needed to get your belongings safely wrapped for the road.
storage: whether you have an overabundance of christmas decorations or need a place for your household goods while waiting on the contractor to finish your home, local moving and storage companies have the solution for you.
in-home moves: moving a couch or a piano a different room of your home isn’t easy! if you’re short on help and need a few extra hands, call up a moving company to complete your in-home rearranging for you.








 
5jun


5 most popular destination towns in cape cod 

5 jun 2017
  realesta leave a comment


cape cod is one of the most popular northeast vacation destinations during the summer and fall months. visitors to cape cod can enjoy the beautiful weather, sweeping views of the atlantic ocean, and seafood brought in daily to the many area restaurants. most people divide the cape into three sections, the upper cape, the mid-cape, […]







 
1jun


what to know before buying a vacation home 

1 jun 2017
  realesta leave a comment


buying a vacation home can be an excellent personal choice and long-term investment. while there are plenty of advantages that come with the purchase of a vacation home, there are some risks that people need to be aware of as well. to ensure you make the best decision possible when buying a vacation home, you […]








search this site!

search for:



follow and like usabout us! 
one of america’s favorite summer playgrounds, beautiful cape cod is the ideal place to keep a vacation home. as cape cod’s premier real estate company, we specialize in helping clients buy and sell luxury real estate. we are committed to providing our customers with the best possible customer service – even when that means fielding a 2 a.m. phone call or showing you dozens of properties until you find the right one. our exhaustive knowledge of the local market and realty connections enable us to provide our clients with top-tier service. a full-service brokerage, here are some of the services we offer our clients:


recent posts


home improvements worth doing before listing your home


is cape cod a good place to live?


cape cod food | dine-in, take-out, and more


what to know before moving to cape cod


cape cod and boston-area moving company recommendations


need storage? 



 





copyright © 2025. real estate at capecod | privacy policy




















