



horseracegame.com - play free virtual horse race game online


















































horseracegame




















register for free   -   lost password




email/stable name 



password 

























home


home
desktop client



about us


about us



help


guide
contact us





























horse racing games - free to play
   
	                            free online horse racing games. virtual racing excitement like you never thought possible. play our free racing games online and take fantasy horse racing to the next level.
	                            






horse games you will love to play
                            our virtual horse games allow you to breed, care for, and manage your horse's career.
                            





free racing games for horse racing fans 
                            immerse yourself in a full 3d world of online racing action. test your game skills as you compete in an exciting world of virtual horse racing for prizes and awards.
                            





virtual racing games for horse lovers 
                            enter the exciting world of horse racing as a breeder, trainer, or owner. manage the career of your virtual horses while racing against thousands of others.
                            





online horse racing action 
                            our horse racing games provide the most realistic horse racing fun. play our horse games online for free and maximize your horse racing game experience.
                            
























02/11/25 - tc races
                                        the tc races are now posted on the schedule. to see the details of them login and go to prizes -> special races.
                                        









join now! it's free to play.
















                                        breed, train, & race against other players
                                        test your skills
                                    








imagine breeding, owning, caring for, training and racing your own stable of virtual thoroughbreds while interacting in a vibrant social community with thousands of online horse game players from all over the world. this exciting game puts you in complete control of your virtual stable and gives you a first-hand insight of what top thoroughbred owners and trainers do to prepare their horses for upcoming horse racing events.
after breeding and analyzing your horse, your caring and training routine will get him ready for his racing debut.  identify and enter the correct races for your horse, assign his training routine, give your jockey racing instructions, then sit back and watch 3d horse racing at its finest. you will be on the edge of your seat cheering for your virtual thoroughbred as he turns for home and strives with an all-out effort to reach the finish line first. no other horse game can provide this level of realism.
this exciting free game allows racing fans, whether novice or seasoned, to enjoy the most realistic, heart-pounding, exciting gaming experience.
players compete for top honors and awards in our free online horse game.  will your horses have what it takes to earn top racing honors with you as breeder, owner, and trainer?
click the play now button to start building your stable of champions.















   testimonials   















smokin' joe talamo (top jockey and tv celebrity) - "being 20, i know all about games. not only do you guys make the best horse racing games, i think ,simply put, you make the best games!  anyone who plays will become addicted to any one of your games."













jacob - "just started getting into horse racing and stumbled across your website.  i play skill games and strategy games all the time.  yours are a blast!













tony - "love your virtual simulations of upcoming stake races.  i've been using your program now for about a year.  you've helped me find real hidden betting value in some big races."













kimberly - "i'm not even a big horse racing fan, but i love horses and i love games and yours are a lot of fun."













chantal sutherland (top jockey and professional model) - "offering multiple games to reach such a broad audience is a great way to create awareness about horse racing. obviously, my favorite is the jockey game. it's very realistic."







































home | about us | contact us | privacy policy | user agreement


contact us and we will explain why our customers say this is the best of the horse racing games. copyright © 2006-2025 horseracegame.com. all rights reserved.















