

paragon music & entertainment, ltd.







 





































































 












accordion 
  soloist, after hours, aisling, ancora string trio, andy woodson, anne young, 
  arkaidy gips, bagpipes soloist, balloon artists, banjo soloist, beckie & 
  sid, bill foley, billy roman’s german band, billy roman’s italian 
  band, blue lunch, bone-a-fide swing, caricature artists, celeste friedman, chainsaw 
  mike hessman, charged particles, christian howes, christmas carollers, classic 
  swing, clinton rich, costumed characters, clowns, comedians, craig goodwin, 
  crosswinds, cyndi black band, dave kaplan, dave powers, david krohn, deep blue 
  groove, disc jockeys, don haines band, double play, doug schlater, dr. eldoonie, 
  elvis impersonators, erik augis, exploit, fantasy, flashback, fortune tellers, 
  frontier woodwind quintet, good vibrations, guitar soloists, gwynwydden, hank 
  marr, harp soloists, honk wail & moan, hoo doo soul band, hypnotic clambake, 
  hypnotists, impromptu, island breeze, island steel, john schwab, jack widner, 
  jamie lynn & clinton rich, jerry wolf, joe bell and the swing lizards, jugglers, 
  kim pensyl, knot fibbn’, larry ramey, mary miller, lbd3, lennox avenue 
  express, linda senter and marian funk, line dance instructors, little miss fortune, 
  magicians, mandolin soloists, mark flugge, mcguffey lane, mesa, mexicali brass 
  trio, mimes, minan dya, moonshine, new remnants, new world brass quartet, ni 
  yan, nightwatch, one riot, one ranger, oraganists, osu faculty brass, palmists, 
  paradise island, paradocs, park avenue barbershop quartet, patrick michael, 
  phil dirt & the dozers, piano soloists, prairie orchid, primetime blues 
  band, q.e.d combo, quema fuego, richard lopez, rick brunetto big band, salaam, 
  santa claus, saxophone soloists, paul brown science gravy orchestra, scott steelman 
  band, second nature, shrug, shucking bubba deluxe, side trak, silver & gold, 
  snow shoe crabs, spungewurthy, square dance caller, st. james inferno, stark 
  raven, steel drum soloists, steven kline, sticks & stones, stilt walkers, 
  stop drop & roll, street players, strings & things, strolling violinists, 
  suade, take two, the afro-rican ensemble, the ark band, the buckeye tailgaters, 
  the challengers, the coach, the coalition, the dukes of wail, the governor, 
  the high street stompers, the impalas, the jim lynch band, the ju-ju bees, the 
  mighty quinn, the nantucket duo, the paragon duo, the paragon trio, the paragon 
  dj service, the reaganomics, the riverboat three, the sun kings, the suzi ativan 
  band, doug justice and the sweetwater band, the symphony string quartet, the 
  vanguard band, throat culture, tollhouse jazz band, tom battenberg trio, top 
  priority, tropics island band, trumpet soloists, two bricks shy, vivere, vocal 
  soloists, welfare gypsy, woody the rock band, world trio jazz, x-clusive, yumbambe, 
  the websters

















read all of our ceremony musicians, wedding disc jockey reviews at 
“we
              received many favorable comments about our wedding music…both
    at the ceremony and the courtyard reception.” 
ron
    t., father of the bride  
“the musicians from paragon
        were delightful people and wonderful performers.”
  marilyn m., party hostess
“the wedding music at our ceremony was as important to us as anything
      for our special day.  paragon made everything come together and eased
      our anxiety.  i wouldn’t think of selecting any other group
      for such a big event!”  
      mike s., groom
“like fourteen years ago when they performed my oldest daughter’s
      wedding music, paragon’s musicians always deliver that special touch.”  
peggy
      f., mother of the bride
“it was beautiful!  i didn’t realize how much more
      romantic my wedding was going to be with your musicians.  i will always
      remember your superb talent and recommend you to all that i can.”  
dana
      r., bride
“there are few pleasures in life like listening to and watching
      truly professional musicians work their magic.  the paragon trio worked
      theirs at our daughter’s wedding and gave it just that sparkle and
      panache for which we had hoped.”  
bruce c., father of the
      bride
“what also was very important to me was that your musicians were
      so nice.  that was very important to me and my husband…it made
      a difference.”  
julie c., bride
“you handled my inquiries, questions and changes (prior to the
      wedding) with poise and professionalism.  that same professionalism
      was also reflected at the wedding with the paragon trio, combined with
      the talent of the musicians!”  
      tiffany w., bride
“the skill of the musicians and the beauty of the wedding music
      were evident to all who were in attendance and the music set the perfect
      mood for the festivities.”  
      gary p., groom
“the dj was very professional and friendly.  our guests enjoyed
      the mix of music he played, and i received compliments on the quality of
      the entertainment throughout the evening.”  
      andrew d.,
      host
“we and everyone loved the band!  everyone
        (from n.y., l.a., europe, ie. london, france, san francisco, etc.) asked: ‘are they
      local?’  we were proud to say yes!  we’ve been hearing
      high praise about the entertainment during and after the wedding.”  
      sandy
      m., bride
“thank you for a fabulous evening of entertainment!  our
      members truly enjoyed listening and dancing to your big band sounds.”  
      karen
      r., event coordinator
“i thoroughly enjoyed their entertainment, and i wanted to make
      sure to let you know what a great band the buckeye tailgaters are.  they
      were friendly, fun and willing to work with us to ‘make us look good,’ as
      the bandleader said.”  
      jodi t., public relations coordinator
“the response to the evening was tremendous and people could not
      stop talking about the entertainmen .  they performed a great array
      of current and standard songs that merged rock, country, jazz, r&b
      and pop that kept the dance floor full all evening.”  
felecia
      k., gala chairperson







 






























































































































































































