



vamortgagecenter - va homebuying made easy















































skip to content



							mortgage research center, llc – nmls #1907.
				not affiliated with the dept. of veterans affairs or any government agency.
								  not available in nevada.











answers
states
calculator
get started!

 






va homebuying made easy
find out if you’re eligible for a va loan today.
see if i’m eligible












va loan basics







va loan process







va loan eligibility







homebuyer prep



 



featured answers




va loan eligibility

all about the va certificate of eligibility (coe)
obtaining your certificate of eligibility (coe) is an important part of verifying your va loan eligibility.
continue →



va loan basics

how va loans work
knowing how va loans work can help you through the homebuying journey.
continue →



va loan eligibility

how many times you can use a va loan
the va home loan is a lifetime benefit for veterans, meaning there are no limits to how many times you can use a va loan.
continue →



va loan basics

va loan rates
understand how your rate is calculated and the factors that go into determining the va loan rate you receive, along with the advantages of va loan rates.
continue →



va loan basics

va loan benefits
va home loan benefits offer unique advantages that are unlike other mortgage products on the market.
continue →



homebuyer prep

what first-time homebuyers need to know about va loans
va first-time homebuyers must understand the process, benefits, and eligibility requirements of the va mortgage before determining if it's right for them.
continue →















your state’s va loan information

							homebuyers across the country are taking advantage of their va home loan eligibility and the benefits that come with it. see what it takes to get a va loan in your state, including local loan limits and property tax information.
						


find your state
alabama va loans
alaska va loans
arizona va loans
arkansas va loans
california va loans
colorado va loans
connecticut va loans
delaware va loans
florida va loans
georgia va loans
hawaii va loans
idaho va loans
illinois va loans
indiana va loans
iowa va loans
kansas va loans
kentucky va loans
louisiana va loans
maine va loans
maryland va loans
massachusetts va loans
michigan va loans
minnesota va loans
mississippi va loans
missouri va loans
montana va loans
nebraska va loans
nevada va loans
new hampshire va loans
new jersey va loans
new mexico va loans
north carolina va loans
north dakota va loans
ohio va loans
oklahoma va loan
oregon va loans
pennsylvania va loans
rhode island va loans
south carolina va loans
south dakota va loans
tennessee va loans
texas va loans
utah va loans
vermont va loans
virginia va loans
washington va loans
west virginia va loans
wisconsin va loans
wyoming va loans

find your state



find your state












 





nmls #1907



our lender



	veterans united home loans is a va approved lender; mortgage research center, llc – nmls #1907 (www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org). not affiliated with the dept. of veterans affairs or any government agency. not available in nv. 1400 forum blvd., columbia, mo 65203. equal housing lender
 

 
 










about
affiliates
privacy
licenses
terms

 
 


vamortgagecenter is not affiliated with any government agencies, including the va.


			licensed mortgage banker-nys department of financial services
		

			customers with questions regarding our loan officers and their licensing may visit the nationwide mortgage licensing system & directory for more information. nmls #1907 (www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org) "vamortgagecenter" is a registered trademark of mortgage research center, llc. (nmls #1907) all rights reserved. not available in nv. 		

			1400 forum blvd., ste. 18
			columbia, mo 65203
		

			© 2003-2025 vamortgagecenter.com
		

 




            start here: $0 down va home loans            check eligibility!



open





 





nmls #1907



our lender



	veterans united home loans is a va approved lender; mortgage research center, llc – nmls #1907 (www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org). not affiliated with the dept. of veterans affairs or any government agency. not available in nv. 1400 forum blvd., columbia, mo 65203. equal housing lender
 

 











