



 



































              oral tradition journal at harvard university
          







oral tradition - an open-access journal devoted to the study of the world’s oral traditions, past and present.





























enable javascript and refresh the page to view orpheus.
see how to enable javascript in your browser.



















							oral tradition
						



issues


about















            log in
          



            sign up
          



            help
          





























                      oral tradition
                    




                    journal
                  



                    bibliography
                  



                    archive
                  



                    contact
                  






                      milman parry collection of oral literature
                    




                    collection
                  



                    songs
                  



                    publications
                  



                    gallery
                  






                      center for hellenic studies
                    




                    about
                  



                    publications
                  



                    programs
                  



                    classics@
                  



                    research bulletin
                  



                    digital humanities
                  






                      classical inquiries
                    




                    about
                  



                    people
                  



                    references
                  



                    the ci poetry project
                  

























oral tradition

          an open-access journal devoted to the study of the world’s oral traditions, past and present.
        









may 2023
volume 36, number 1
read more










				editor’s column			




					this latest issue of oral tradition arrives somewhat later than the editors had hoped. it took us some time to…
			




				“it has not yet become pacified”: kings, hunting, and the murder of the father in sanskrit epic			


		emily blanchard west
	

					oral tradition, 36/1 (2023):3-36 the mahābhārata and ramāyaṇa present us with eight primary and embedded narratives in which an archer…
			




				type-token ratio and entropy as measures to characterize a forgery of oral-formulaic epics			


		david l. cooper, demetry ogoltsev, michal ondrejcek
	

					oral tradition, 36/1 (2023):37-62  the queen’s court and green mountain manuscripts (rukopisy královédvorský a zelenohorský, together abbreviated “rkz” in czech)…
			




				driva qele / stealing earth: oral accounts of the volcanic eruption of nabukelevu (mt. washington), kadavu island (fiji), ~2,500 years ago			




					by loredana lancini, patrick nunn, meli nanuku, kaliopate tavola, taniela bolea, paul geraghty, rita compatangelo-soussignan oral tradition, 36/1 (2023):63-90  introduction…
			




				temporal patterning and “degrees of orality” in occitan and french oral narrative			


		janice carruthers, marianne vergez-couret
	

					oral tradition, 36/1 (2023):91-122 introduction this article explores tense usage and tense-switching in the temporal structuring of occitan and french…
			




				ethnopoetic transcription and multimodal archives: toward a more comprehensive approach to slam poetry scholarship			


		cara losier chanoine
	

					oral tradition, 36/1 (2023):123-48 slam is a relatively young genre of poetry, created in 1985 by a chicago construction worker…
			




				about the authors			




					oral tradition volume 36, number 1 taniela bolea born and bred in ravitaki village on the main island of kadavu, taniela…
			





loading issues . . .









oral tradition journal
email
journal@oraltradition.org
address
boylston 223, harvard university, cambridge, ma 02138, united states
also see
milman parry collection of oral literature
issn
e-issn 1542-4308






© oral tradition journal 2025


terms of use
digital accessibility
cc by 3.0 license


													archives
													
														for reference purposes, please also see archive.journal.oraltradition.org
													



















