


chem-dry carpet cleaning: world's leading carpet cleaner






























































      skip to main content
    




main navigation





the healthier, deeper
carpet cleaner™















enter your zip code


find your chem-dry






call now





carpet cleaning


other services 

upholstery cleaning

 area rug cleaning

pet urine & odor removal

tile, stone, & grout cleaning

hardwood floor cleaning

specialty stain removal

leather cleaning & restoration

granite countertop renewal

commercial cleaning

mattress cleaning




why chem-dry 

why chem-dry


deeper clean/healthy home

about us

blog

videos

reviews


faq

our products


coupons


chem-dry cares

carpet stain removal tips



own a franchise





(800) chem-dry


























the healthier, deeper carpet cleaner






enter your zip code
find your chem-dry










chem-dry services



carpet cleaning

chem-dry has been a trusted name in carpet cleaning for over 45 years, and for good reason. chem-dry cleans more than 10,000 households daily worldwide. our revolutionary hot carbonating extraction cleaning process provides a deep, long-lasting clean while utilizing the natural power of carbonation. thanks to this innovative process, you can count on chem-dry carpet cleaners to deliver a deep clean.

learn more about carpet cleaning 



upholstery cleaning

our upholstery cleaning service uses the same low water cleaning method that we’ve been using on carpets since 1977. our hot carbonating extraction process is powerful enough to clean the deepest stains, yet gentle enough that it won’t damage your furniture. our process has been proven to remove common non-living allergens from upholstery.*

learn more about upholstery cleaning 



pet urine odor removal

our revolutionary pet urine removal treatment (p.u.r.t.®) is all you need to handle stubborn pet odors for good. rather than masking the odor with perfumes, p.u.r.t.® works by attacking pet odors at the source, deep down in your carpet fibers, and eliminating them. our carpet cleaners have been proven to remove pet urine odors using p.u.r.t.®*

learn more about pet urine odor removal 



other services





area rug cleaning



stone, tile, & grout cleaning



hardwood floor cleaning



specialty stain removal



leather cleaning



dryer vent cleaning












why choose chem-dry carpet cleaners?



our carpet cleaners are experts at removing pet urine & odor
we offer a deep clean for a healthy home
we use nature’s chemistry to clean carpets
our technicians are stain removal specialists







we love our pets, but they can make it a challenge to keep your home clean and smelling fresh when pet accidents occur. chem-dry technicians are experts at removing pet urine and odor with our revolutionary pet urine removal treatment. while most carpet cleaners mask the odor with perfumes, p.u.r.t.® works by attacking pet odors at the source deep down in your carpets and causing a chemical reaction that destroys the odor for good. it’s been proven to remove pet urine odors. *click here to learn more about p.u.r.t.





many people don’t realize that carpets act like giant air filters in your home. fibers trap dirt and allergens keeping them out of the air you breathe. but just like any air filter, they need to be regularly cleaned to remain optimally effective. click here to learn more about our deep cleaning.





you can trust chem-dry to use a core cleaning solution that is safer for your family and home. we don’t need the harsh chemicals or soapy detergents that other carpet cleaners often use because we have nature’s chemistry as the foundation of our hot carbonated extraction cleaning process. millions of tiny, carbonated bubbles reach deep into your carpet fibers to loosen the dirt and grime. with our core cleaning solution, the natural®, we achieve a deep, long-lasting clean!click here to learn more about our carpet cleaning process.





if you have kids or pets, you know that carpet stains are inevitable. but you don’t have to battle them alone, chem-dry can help! there’s a reason we say “if we can’t clean it, no one can!” our innovative hot carbonating extraction cleaning process is gentle, yet powerful enough to tackle most spills and spots. for particularly stubborn stains, like those from permanent marker or lipstick, our professional carpet cleaners have an arsenal of safe and effective stain removal products that can knock out virtually any stains for good. chem-dry also offers a powerful protectant that is coapplied during cleaning and can significantly increase your carpet’s future stain-fighting power. click here to learn more about our specialty stain removal.



















customer reviews















very pleased with cleaning provided. (michael was technician). also like that they didn't use...read the full review



julie l — 

                  google
                  













chem-dry of omaha is professional, courteous and thorough. we have used ken to clean our carpets...read the full review



beth wooster — 

                  google
                  













did a great job!



jeff lacey — 

                  google
                  







read more reviews















(800) chem-dry


facebook
vimeo
twitter




carpet cleaning

upholstery cleaning

commercial cleaning services
deeper clean/healthy home
products




about us
franchise near me





own a franchise
local jobs





 
© 2021, belfor franchise group | all rights reserved
accessibility privacy policy
site map


         *based on results of studies conducted by independent laboratories of the chem-dry hce (hot carbonating extraction) and p.u.r.t. (pet urine removal treatment). allergens tested were dog and cat dander and dust mite matter. pet odor results based on testing with the most common odor sources found in dog and cat urine. figures are an average across multiple tests. 

        **in independent laboratory studies, the chem-dry hce cleaning process reduces surface non-living allergen matter from cats, dogs, and human dust mites when measured from pre clean to 24 hours post clean and airborne non-living allergen matter from cats and dogs when measured from pre clean to 24 hours post clean. 
       















