





poker tables | custom poker tables | custom poker chairs | home bars | regalpokertables.com











 

 
                         timeless designs with infinite possibilities


 home page  testimonials
regal poker tables: 
hold-em poker tables  contemporary tables  decagon poker tables  round poker tables  octagon poker tables
california house: 
poker game tables
pub tables
poker chairs: 
custom poker chairs  factory made chairs
billiards: 
custom billiard tables  cairo billiard tables custom cue racks
custom options: custom table basesrail leather optionscenter fabric optionscustom poker clothscustom molding optionsstain guide
accessories: custom drink cartscustom poker chipscustom poker chairs

related information: 
replacement parts  care and upkeep  link partners shipping ratescontact informationwarranty policy
design your table  let's compare photo gallery  about us  collegiate poker tables custom poker cloths  








 search regal tables








 


















 
 
daniel negreanu could have chosen any custom poker table out there for his home games. we were pleased to work with kid poker to build his custom poker table and personally deliver his poker table to his home in las vegas. 
you don't have to be a poker prodigy like daniel negreanu to benefit from the unparalleled quality, eye catching style and unlimited customization that will take your home game to the next level. poker is no longer just a game, it's a lifestyle. we are here to help you transform your poker night into a poker event that will be the envy of your friends. long after the all ins and bad beats are forgotten your guests will still be saying, "did you see that custom poker table?"
at regal poker tables you will find the finest craftsmanship along with customer service that is second to none. we specialize in unique one-of-a-kind high end poker tables. each custom poker table is handcrafted one at a time and our attention to detail will amaze you. we offer custom matching poker chairs. just one more thing that sets us apart.
100% satisfaction guaranteed. we do not meet your expectations, we exceed them!
"...traditional craftsmanship. old world essence. exclusive designs blended with your individual style. it's all in the details..."
the only limitation is your imagination!










exclusive designs and best materials
at regal poker tables we offer exclusive designs that will make your game room unique.  why settle for a so called custom poker table when you can design the perfect truly custom game table that will be exclusive to you. we use the best materials available to build poker tables the way they should be built. our custom poker tables are assembled with materials hand selected to bring your designs to life. we are not just building a game table, we are building a piece of furniture art that will last a lifetime.

 attention to details
our attention to detail is second to none. we hand build each game table one at a time to give each of our  custom  tables the individual attention that it deserves. no detail is too small to slip past our inspection during the building process. while we are continually expanding as a company, i still personally inspect every table before it goes in the shipping crate. 
 


 modular design 
our tables are built modular. what this allows is for you to replace or just change any part of your  table with ease. from the center felts to the rail, all parts of our tables are easily removed for replacement in the event an accident happens that requires repairs. in order to cut construction cost our competitors build their tables so that repairs or color changes are impossible for you the consumer to do yourself. with a simple phone call you can have a new rail or center felt shipped directly to you with simple and easy to follow directions on how to replace these parts yourself. 
 
 luxurious 
if it's luxury you're after, look no further. our quality poker tables are among the most luxurious tables on the market today. while our custom poker tables are higher priced than many tables on the market, i can assure you that they are the nicest that you will find available. if you are looking for a budget table and price is your primary concern then perhaps regal custom tables are not a good fit for your needs. i assure you, this is one case where the difference in price shows in the quality of the product.  i encourage you to look at the others on the market and feel that you will find that our poker tables are in a class by themselves. our designs can match any theme and we can build a poker table that will fit the decor in some of the finest homes in the world. whether you are a high roller or just a person who likes to play on the best, we can build a table to meet your needs.


 personal service  
we pride ourselves in making your internet purchase a very positive and seamless transaction. when you call our phone lines you will speak directly to us. we will walk you through all aspects of choosing the table design that is right for you. no pressure sales tactics, just great customer care and service. we will answer all your questions and we take pride in helping you design your table. 
 professionally packaged and shipped  
many companies ship their custom poker tables in less than adequate cartons, stressing that you pay for insurance on the package. we provide insurance on our shipping, however regal poker tables ships each and every one of our custom poker tables in a well built custom crate. customers are fascinated with the amount of work we put into building each shipping crate. shipping crates are sized exactly for the  tables that are place securely inside them. we realize that getting a damaged package is not a good experience for the buyer. we take pride in making sure each of our tables are delivered in top condition. we carefully choose our shipping partners to ensure that your table is handled with care. 
 



custom poker cloths:
we provide custom poker felts to some of the most prestigious casinos around the world. this is why we can state that our custom poker cloths are exactly like the ones you will find in many casinos. why settle for other imitation cloths. we can provide you with a custom design that will wow your friends, and add that special touch to your  design. 
we deliver to all corners of the world:
we have handcrafted custom poker tables for poker connoisseurs all over the world. regal custom poker tables are quickly becoming a "world phenomenon" for the poker enthusiast who refuses to settle for less than the finest custom and contemporary poker tables available! we deliver tables worldwide.
made in america 
our game tables are built in the heartland. we are located in central iowa. this allows us to service customers in all parts of the united states as well as parts of the world. we ship  to almost any part of the world. while we are not located in a major city, our down home work ethics allow us to create some of the most extraordinary furniture art on the market at a very reasonable price delivered to you the customer. we don’t have large showrooms, fancy storefronts, and unnecessary overhead costs that inflate the price of a table. when you buy from us you are buying direct from the designer and manufacturer. this cuts out the middle man and the savings stay with you the consumer. when you call us to discuss your design you will not get an aggressive sales person only wanting to take your order. we will work with you to come up with a design that will exceed your expectations. we encourage you to take your time and get the table that you will be proud to own for years to come. we take great pride in serving our customers. the only thing better than our quality, is our customer service. we try hard to make sure all your questions get answered. if we can help with any questions please feel free to give us a call. we realize that there are many companies out there offering custom poker tables. we appreciate that you have taken the time to look over our site and look forward to talking with you.
 if you would like to see what a few of our customers have to say about their experience with purchasing a custom poker table from us,
please visit our testimonials page.
thanks again for browsing our site,
dave rodda
515-210-2677 
dave@regalpokertables.com



 about us | site
    map | privacy policy | contact us | ©2022
    regal  poker tables
 



