






















home | mngi








































































































































      skip to main content
    


































about usoverviewlocations & providersour gi carespecialty careconditionspatient servicesclinical studiesanesthesia carefor your visitpatient infoprocedure prepschedule an appointmentinsurance/billing/quotesfaqscolon cancer preventionschedule now











top menu (slideout)






procedure prep


patient portal


pay bill


refer a patient

















facebook


linkedin


instagram

twitter


youtube












































useful links






procedure prep


patient portal


pay bill


refer a patient










































































search




























































                fa-search dropdown trigger
              































search























































































about usour gi carefor your visitcolon cancer preventionschedule now
























































































































































































































































































































mngi digestive health is a nationally recognized leader in gastroenterology diagnosis, quality and care.





at mngi, we understand that finding the right doctor is important, especially when digestive issues are affecting your life and you need comprehensive gi specialty care. we specialize in the diagnosis and treatment of adults and children with gi disorders and our board-certified gastroenterologists have expertise in virtually all types of digestive conditions, such as acid reflux disease, heartburn and swallowing disorders, crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, hepatitis and liver disease, biologics and infusion therapy, celiac disease, hemorrhoid banding and more. mngi digestive health has several convenient outpatient endoscopy centers and clinics (all with free parking) in bloomington, coon rapids, eagan, hudson, lakeville, maple grove, northeast minneapolis, plymouth, vadnais heights and woodbury. our gastroenterologists also care for patients in robbinsdale. these are just a few of the reasons why mngi is the smartest choice in gi care.
read more




























































find a provider
we are caring people caring for people. our great team of providers is here to help and care for you.


/about-us/locations-providers/providers




















find a location
we're conveniently located throughout the metro area. enjoy easy access and free parking.


/about-us/locations-providers/locations




















schedule an appointment today
convenient online scheduling is now available for your clinic and virtual visits and screening colonoscopies.


/schedule-now




















prepare for your visit
explore this collection of patient resources to help you prepare or follow up on your visit with our care team.


/your-visit/patient-info-1





















































gut check
featured blog post
















february 14, 2025


why colorectal cancer impacts our black communities | a deeper look for black history month


black history month is a time to celebrate black individuals' achievements, resilience, and contributions throughout history. it is also an…

more









view more
























news & updates
keeping you informed
















january 23, 2025


mngi digestive health releases 2024 adenoma detection rate (adr)


each year, mngi digestive health tracks and reports on key colonoscopy quality measures for our gastroenterologists. the recently released 2024…

more









view more
































videos











































































































































































subscribe to the digestive insider



















email








      the subscriber's email address.
    














        learn more about mngi digestive health and stay informed on digestive health treatments, services, and news to improve and potentially save your life.
        























manage existing














































































contact usformsresourcesnotices & disclosurescareersemployees


















facebook


linkedin


instagram

twitter


youtube





































© copyright - mngi digestive health, the smartest choice in gi care. all rights reserved. 612-871-1145




































































