











all things sailing, sail racing, sailboats and more | sailing world




































































 




























skip to content




















































around the sailing world
boat of the year
subscribe
email newsletters
sailboats
gear

gear


america’s cup
regatta series

st. petersburg
annapolis
detroit
chicago
marblehead
caribbean championship


one design
racing
how to
boating safety
contact us
ultimate boating giveaway






 








 









sailboats
america’s cup
regatta series
racing
newsletters
boat giveaway
 

 

sailboats
america’s cup
regatta series
racing
newsletters
boat giveaway
 









subscribe
 

subscribe
 



























racers reap rewards of windy final day in st. pete


with nearly 200 boats across the 14 divisions, the helly hansen sailing world regatta series in st. petersburg was a race-packed... 





 



















2025 regatta series st. petersburg information


sailing instructions, docking, trailing parking, and communication resources to get you ready for the weekend. 













the j/70 world champions debrief


jeremy wilmot and doug newhouse share the story behind their j/70 world championship title win in palma in 2024. 













british sailgp team tops sydney showcase


with teams still coming to grips with the f50 and its new foil and wing configurations, it was the british squad that emerged... 





 























regatta series sails into st. pete


the 2025 helly hansen sailing world regatta series brings the action to st. pete with a jam-packed class championship lineup. 













us sailgp team sidelined in sydney


a capsize en route to the practice race put an early end to the us team's hopes of rebound in sydney. 













getting faster with experience


the magic of doublehanded offshore racing is the dynamic and unscripted collaboration and the passage of experience and skills. 













sailboat racing tips: foot to the header


put the bow down and get to the next shift, says racing editor mike ingham, exploring the benefits of footing, tactically and... 





 









 



















 






helly hansen sailing world regatta series 



embracing popular fleets at each location, the regatta series features many different boat types: dinghies, multihulls, and keelboats that race under established handicap systems. 






learn more













latest news 

















global survey launched to study marine life collisions


the marine mammal advisory group, co-founded by veteran ocean racer damian foxall, has launched a global survey and seeks sailor... 













the rescue and rehab of a melges 30


three boat partners dive into the rehabilitation and modernization of a 30-year-old sportboat. 













zim sailing gets ilca green light


zim sailing is now a licensed builder of ilca dinghies having been approved by the class and world sailing, bringing ilca production... 













gill's wet weather work gear


gill marine is ringing in 50 years with an update to its classic os2 lineup and the results are impressive. 













rising the tide on the cocktail contest


the reigning champ of the helly hansen sailing world regatta series’ mount gay rum drink recipe contest declares he has another... 













australia sailgp team ace auckland stop


sailgp's auckland stop delivered fast and furious racing for a reported sold-out shoreside stadium. 





 











  advertisement
 













sailing world’s 2024 boat of the year competitionfive boat of the year 2024 nominees have been chosen as the defining performance sailing designs for those seeking a new ride in the new year. 







  advertisement
 













more news 

















the rise of private youth sailing teams


the landscape of high-level youth racing and coaching is shifting beneath us. 













morgan, barrows and henken get my vote


votes have been cast, and here's the editor's take on how and where his votes went. 













charlie dalin, king of vendée globe at last


with an astounding 64-day passage, charlie dalin wins the vendée globe with a record-setting pace.   













the barcelona exit interview


as the america's cup was playing out between emirates and team new zealand, terry hutchinson reflected on what could have been. 













a mindful approach to better results


good speed and smart tactics get us only so far. it’s the mental part that gets us over the humps. 













a peek inside the clubswan club


sailing world 's editor takes a quick trip to palma to see firsthand the appeal of clubswan's one-design world. 













the ultimate charterboat championship


the straw hat crew had the caribbean championship in their grasp, but the defenders had the endgame. 













simplicity is the sell for j boats' new j/7


a quick harbor spin on the new j/7 daysailer from j boats confirms its selling point: simplified sailing should be easy. 













women's america's cup steps over the threshold


the first-ever women's america's cup was a groundbreaking exercise in access and experience. the door is now open, but whether... 





 











  advertisement
 













racing 
















				the j/70 world champions debrief			







				british sailgp team tops sydney showcase			







				us sailgp team sidelined in sydney			







				getting faster with experience			







				global survey launched to study marine life collisions			







				the rise of private youth sailing teams			











racing









more stories 
















				race and relax with two regatta hotel deals			







				how the martin 242 class secured its future			







				firecrown acquires active interest media’s marine group			







				life on the edge as vendée leaders dive south			



















 





cookie settings
 







subscriptions 



subscribe
renew
digital edition
customer service
 





about us 



privacy policy
terms of use
contact us
careers
 





follow us 



email newsletters
facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
 





firecrown brands 



boating
cruising world
sailing world
salt water sportsman
sport fishing
wakeboarding
yachting
 












									many products featured on this site were editorially chosen. sailing world may receive financial compensation for products purchased through this site.

copyright © 2025 sailing world firecrown. all rights reserved. reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.								

































