



































historic alexandria | city of alexandria, va


















skip to main content

you're logged in with myalex  |  logout










city of alexandria, va





search: 







most relevant




most relevant



oldest first



newest first





all dates




all dates



last 2 weeks



last month



last 6 months



last year







search results cleared



 include archived pages

most of the content here is written in english. translate your  search to find more content? 

yes, always

translating "" to english...
searching for english phrase ""







































menu





live


play


services


business


government


projects & plans


calendar


i want to…


















historic alexandria

with more than 200 years of history and hospitality to its credit, alexandria offers an array of historic and cultural attractions. alexandria's many historic homes, churches, businesses and museums allow residents and visitors alike to experience the hand of the past that makes our city the charming and historic town it is today. visit city of alexandria museums and historic sites and discover our past, present and future!

          page updated on february 11, 2025 at 11:07 am











historic alexandria





historic alexandria (home)


city museums


alexandria archaeology museum


alexandria black history museum


alexandria history museum at the lyceum


fort ward museum & historic site


freedom house museum


friendship firehouse museum


gadsby's tavern museum


stabler-leadbeater apothecary museum




visit other historic sites


african american heritage park


alexandria union station


contrabands and freedmen cemetery memorial


lloyd house


murray-dick-fawcett house


more historic attractions in alexandria




african american history division


alexandria archaeology


alexandria community remembrance project


alexandria oral history center


archives & records center


commissions supporting historic alexandria


educational resources


historic alexandria administration


history of alexandria


conducting your own historic research


african american history


women's history


discovering the decades


historic alexandria quarterly


out of the attic




historic preservation


museum store


news releases


plan your visit


rentals and private events


self-guided tours


stay connected


support historic alexandria


make a gift


become a member


join a commission


volunteer and career opportunities









share

share on twitter
share on facebook


















language
english / english
spanish / español
amharic / አማርኛ
arabic / عربى
chinese / 中文
french / français
german / deutsch
italian / italiano
japanese / 日本/トルコ
korean / 한국어
pashto / پښتو
persian / فارسی
russian / перевести
turkish / türk




xwarning: you have chosen to translate this page using an automated translation system. 
			this translation has not been reviewed by the city of alexandria and may contain errors.

		







              welcome to historic alexandria
          

many of the city's premier historic sites fall under the administration of the office of historic alexandria, the department of city government charged with the conservation, interpretation and promotion of these links to the past. these sites bring alexandria's varied and storied history to life. additionally, alexandria has many  more historic sites which are open to the public and tell a significant part of the city's historical tale.the office of historic alexandria is accredited by the american alliance of museum and is  a member of the international coalition of sites of conscience.sign up for our weekly newsletter







 


 







          this week in historic alexandria
        


this week in historic alexandria, enjoy the many exhibits, public programs and special events offered by our city’s great museums and historic sites!  this e-newsletter is updated each week on this webpage, or sign up for an enews account to have it delivered to your in-box.




 


 







          this day in history
        


what happened in alexandria on today's date, or tomorrow, or on your birthday? search here to find out. 

as we honor alexandria's 275th anniversary, take a journey with us to the past as we revisit pivotal moments in our city's history through a series of short videos.




 


 







          make a gift
        


the history of alexandria is the nation’s history.  historic alexandria strives to understand and educate about this past as we as a community look to the future. with your gift, you become a part of this history and help us preserve, share, and save the past for future generations.








              plan your visit
          






alexandria archaeology museum (open tuesday-sunday)

alexandria black history museum (open thursday-sunday)

alexandria history museum at the lyceum (open thursday-sunday)


fort ward museum and historic site (open thursday-sunday)







freedom house museum (open saturday and sunday. closed weekdays during renovation of façade.)friendship firehouse museum (open saturdays, october 12, november 9, december 7 and 28)gadsby's tavern museum (open thursday-tuesday spring-summer; thurs-sunday fall-winter)stabler-leadbeater apothecary museum (open wednesday-monday spring-summer; wednesday-sunday fall-winter)




 


 







          plan your visit
        


here is all the information you need to plan a visit to the historic alexandria museums - address and phone numbers, hours, admission fees, special programs, directions and more. the historic alexandria museums are free for city of alexandria residents.








              upcoming events
          

join us for the events below, and check our calendar for more from historic alexandria.









 
 


          martin luther king, jr. poster exhibition
         

        awards ceremony, sunday, february 9, free
the alexandria black history museum with the office of historic alexandria sponsors an annual student poster exhibition for alexandria city public school students, grades 2-5. posters will be on view in the vola lawson lobby of city hall. 
      












 
 


          black history month in alexandria
         

        black history month is an annual recognition and celebration of the history, culture, achievements and contributions of african americans and persons of african descent in u.s. history. join us for the 2025 events!
      












 
 


          comprehensive plan: murray-dick-fawcett house
         

        join the office of historic alexandria and glavé & holmes architecture on monday, february 24 at 6pm on zoom for the final presentation on the comprehensive planning process for the murray-dick-fawcett house at 517 prince street. the final report will be posted online in the coming weeks. click the above link to register and learn more! 
      












 
 


          traditional music at the lyceum
         

        march 11, may 15
in the 19th century, traveling singers and musicians including groups from hungary, austria, spain, england, and ireland also performed at lyceum hall. in keeping with that tradition, join us at the lyceum for periodic traditional music concerts.
      












 
 


          alexandria historical sign finder
         

        view the new interactive map designed for exploring historic interpretation signs throughout the city
      








              exhibit: moss h. kendrix: reframing the black image
          





 
 


          moss kendrix collection
         

        "moss h. kendrix: reframing the black image" is a new exhibit at the alexandria black history museum. celebrating the life and pioneering work of kendrix, "the father of black p.r.," this exhibition showcases his groundbreaking campaigns and enduring influence on consumer culture.
      








              become involved
          



 


 







          make a gift
        


celebrate the power and impact of community philanthropy by supporting historic alexandria! every donation helps us preserve and tell the stories that make alexandria what it is today.




 


 







          become a member
        


become a member of alexandria’s historic sites and museums. come to special events, receive newsletters, get discounts on museum shop merchandise, and support history.




 


 







          volunteer and career opportunities
        


the office of historic alexandria is always looking for passionate, talented individuals who want to join us in preserving and sharing alexandria’s past to enrich the present and inspire the future. 










 


 







          museum stores
        


purchase event tickets, donate to your favorite museum, become a member, and buy selected merchandise online at the alexandria shop. your purchases online or at our shops support programming at historic alexandria's museums.




 


 







          rentals and private events
        


six historic alexandria properties are available for rentals and private events. the properties can accommodate from 15 to 160 people, for a range of events including parties, weddings and meetings.




 


 







          commissions
        


city commissions play an active role in preserving alexandria’s history. commission members must be alexandria city residents and are appointed by the alexandria city council.










 


 







          alexandria community remembrance project
        


the alexandria community remembrance project (acrp) is a city-wide initiative dedicated to helping alexandria understand its history of racial terror hate crimes and to work toward creating a welcoming community bound by equity and inclusion. learn more, read the newsletter, and become involved.




 


 







          educational resources in historic alexandria
        


learners of all ages can explore alexandria’s history through online and on-site offerings. historic alexandria offers educators the opportunity to reinforce their teaching with hands-on experiences, field trips, kits, and online resources.




 


 







          the alexandria oral history center
        


the alexandria oral history center is a community-driven collaboration to document and preserve the memories and stories of alexandria. the center provides residents with oral history trainings and resources to conduct oral history interviews and community history projects.








              celebrate america 250
          



 


 







          america 250
        


in 2026, the united states will commemorate the semiquincentennial of the revolution. join us as we celebrate and commemorate america’s story in alexandria.




 


 







          lafayette in alexandria
        


lafayette returned to alexandria on october 16, 1824; an occasion marked with a grand parade and celebration. join us as we celebrate the 200th anniversary of lafayette's visit.




 


 







          fairfax resolves
        


british colonists in virginia wrote radical and influential words that forged the path to revolution. the city of alexandria commemorated the fairfax resolves on july 18, 2024. watch a video and view a photo gallery of the program.








              learn about alexandria's past
          



 


 







          the history of alexandria, virginia
        


read a brief history of alexandria and find more about our history on the historic alexandria website and elsewhere on the internet.




 


 







          indigenous peoples, virginia indians, and alexandria
        


for thousands of years before the arrival of europeans and the founding of alexandria in 1749, indians seasonally lived in and traveled through the lands that would become the city of alexandria.




 


 







          conducting your own historic research
        


do you have questions about the history of your property, genealogy, or local history? the library's local history/special collections division is the the best place to start your research. then check the topical guide to see which other resources may be useful in your search.










 


 







          out of the attic archives
        


“out of the attic” has appeared in the alexandria times newspaper since 2007. each week, the column focuses on the story behind an historic image or an aspect of alexandria's history. search the archive.




 


 







          museum collections
        


the city museums are stewards of more than 30,000 objects, in addition to more than two million archaeological artifacts and 25,000 archival documents. view online collections and learn about the collections of each of the historic alexandria museums.




 


 







          watch lectures online
        


learn more about alexandria’s history through select recordings of historic alexandria’s public lecture series. these lectures were presented virtually, via zoom, and are listed here by date.










 


 







          self-guided tours
        


enjoy a variety of walking and bike tours, listen to podcasts, go on a scavenger hunt, or learn about wayfinding signs and the african american heritage trail.




 


 







          wayfinding in alexandria: exploring old town
        


the city of alexandria’s wayfinding signage system helps people find their way around the city. take a look at the new map and history panel “mini-kiosks” in old town, from the masonic temple on shuter's hill to the waterfront. read the full text of the history panels here.




 


 







          african american heritage trail
        


alexandria’s african american history is told through online storymaps and can be experienced in-home on your computer or on your smartphone as you walk the trail along the potomac river. the south waterfront route is new in 2023.










 


 







          historic preservation
        


city of alexandria is committed to honoring its historic legacy through preservation, planning, interpretation, public outreach, and programming.




 


 







          ships and other nautical discoveries
        


as redevelopment took place along the north waterfront, archaeologists had the opportunity to learn more about the city’s maritime past. learn what's happening with ship preservation.




 


 







          african american history division
        


this division, formed in 2023, will ensure the continued inclusion of black history in city museums and public programming, as well as advancing the city’s goal of building a welcoming community through equity and inclusion.








              historic alexandria museums
          



 


 







          alexandria archaeology museum
        


alexandria archaeology museum visitors learn how the city's archaeologists, volunteers and students work with residents and developers to study and manage archaeological resources important to the community's past.




 


 







          alexandria black history museum
        


alexandria black history museum enriches the lives of alexandria's residents and visitors, fosters tolerance and understanding among all cultures, and stimulates appreciation of the diversity of the african american experience.




 


 







          alexandria history museum at the lyceum
        


the lyceum, itself a witness to nearly two centuries of local history, today serves as a gateway for alexandria's visitors.










 


 







          fort ward museum & historic site
        


fort ward museum & historic site is the best preserved of the system of union forts and batteries built to protect washington, dc during the american civil war (1861-1865).




 


 







          freedom house museum
        


the freedom house museum at 1315 duke street is open with three new exhibitions showcasing alexandria’s black history and the black experience in america.




 


 







          friendship firehouse museum
        


friendship firehouse museum, the oldest standing firehouse open as a museum in alexandria, was originally home to the first volunteer fire company in town. today, the exhibits of historic equipment and vehicles inspire visitors.










 


 







          gadsby's tavern museum
        


gadsby's tavern museum consists of the ca. 1785 tavern and the 1792 city hotel. named for john gadsby who operated them from 1796 to 1808, explore these buildings where washington, jefferson and ordinary travelers came to eat, drink, sleep, and influence history.




 


 







          stabler-leadbeater apothecary museum
        


stabler-leadbeater apothecary museum, one of the oldest pharmacies in the nation, sold everything from medicines to household goods from 1793 to 1933. visitors can tour the historic shop and manufacturing room and view original products left behind.





more city of alexandria historic sites

alexandria african american heritage park
alexandria union station (historic train station)
archives and records center (by appointment)
contrabands and freedmen cemetery memorial
lloyd house (administrative offices; garden open)
murray-dick-fawcett house (garden open)

alexandria also has many fine museums and historic sites that are not city-owned. find information on these historic attractions.








              for girl scouts
          





 
 


          scout and family programming in historic alexandria
         

        did you know historic alexandria offers girl scout programs, including overnights for juniors and cadettes as well as day activities for daisy and brownie scouts? in addition - new this year – “media remake with moss kendrix at the alexandria black history museum." girls learn about the life and career of revolutionary marketing and pr pioneer moss kendrix and the women who worked with him to change the image of african americans in 20th century media.
      








              comprehensive plans
          





 
 


          comprehensive plan: freedom house museum
         

        the office of historic alexandria engaged with the community and stakeholders to create the comprehensive plan for the freedom house museum at 1315 duke street. the final plan was presented in april, 2024.
      








              news and information
          





 
 


          city of alexandria’s museum system awarded reaccreditation from american alliance of museums
         

        the american alliance of museums (aam) announced that the city of alexandria’s office of historic alexandria (oha) museum system was reaccredited at the february 2023 meeting of aam’s accreditation commission. accredited status from the alliance is the highest national recognition achievable by an american museum.
      






 
 


          fort ward park and museum area management plan
         

        learn about the fort ward park and museum area management plan and how it is being implemented. learn the history of   the african american community known as the fort, and what is being done to preserve and interpret its historic resources during park improvements.
      






 
 


          douglass memorial cemetery
         

        view the preservation plan, research, and documentation for the douglass memorial cemetery.
      








              about historic alexandria
          



contact historic alexandria administration
gretchen m. bulova, director
the lloyd house
220 n. washington street
alexandria, va 22314
703.746.4554
contact us through alex311 or view the historic alexandria administration page.


social media and newsletters
stay connected with historic alexandria 
historic alexandria
click on stay connected, above, to see the social media presence for each of our museums.

facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube

newsletters
sign up for with alexandria enews to see these newsletters in your inbox.

this week in historic alexandria (weekly)
alexandria community remembrance project newsletter (monthly) 

 










archaeologyhistoric alexandriahistoric preservationhistoric sitestourism


















contact us
alex311 | 703.746.4311


follow us


facebook


twitter


youtube




visitor information




visitalexandriava.com










emergency hotlines


social media


privacy & legal


foia requests





departments


jobs


payments















alexandria city hall
                           301 king street
                           alexandria, va 22314
                        





city of alexandria seal





      
© 1995–2023 city of alexandria, va and others.




















hold on, redirecting...






