


blades llc home - saw blades, router bits, shaper cutters, shaper bits












blades llc offers a complete line of industrial tct saw blades and carbide tipped shaper cutters, 
	router bits, and router shaper bits.


your online source for carbide tipped cutting tools
green bay, wi


home
about us
contact us
site map






saw blades
pt industrial saw blades
gs german saw blades
dado sets


shaper cutters
kc industrial cutters
bl shaper cutters



router bits
bl series router bits




other products
table saw cutters
the magic molder





industrial woodworking cutting tools
all of blades llc's saw blades, shaper cutters, router bits, and shaper bits are carbide 
		tipped and guaranteed in workmanship.  we strive to provide you with the best industrial-grade products you 
		need to make your business successful.  visit the links above to access our product index pages or scroll down 
		for a brief introduction of each product line.


 

secure online shopping cart
order online or call 1-920-497-9873



free shipping on orders of $175.00 or more
view what our customers have said about blades llc:  customer testimonials
pt series industrial carbide tipped saw blades





carbide tipped circular saw bladesthe finest saw blades on the market!
pt series saw blade index page



there are many different grades of carbide available to industrial saw blade designers and no single 
		type is best for every job.  the majority of our pt series industrial saw blades use c-4 micron carbide.  
		it offers a much longer life than the standard c-2 or c-3 carbide tips typically used in the industry.
for our panel, scoring, laminate, plywood and plastic cutting saw blades, we use advanced micro-sheen 
		c-4 sub-micron carbide.  this carbide is specially designed to resist chemical corrosion, which is a major 
		wear factor when cutting wood products made with adhesives, such as particle board and mdf.  some of our general 
		purpose cut-off saw blades also come with this advanced new carbide.
** note:  we have hard to find large diameter blades in stock -
		20" to 30" diameter saw blades **
gs series german made saw blades





carbide tipped circular saw bladeshigh quality german steel
gs series saw blade index page



these industrial carbide tipped saw blades are manufactured in germany by a company that has more 
		than 40 years experience manufacturing tct saw blades and is a member of the international saw and knife association.
gs series saw plates are manufactured using quality german cold-rolled steel, bright hardened and 
		annealed to hrc 42-46.  each blade is cut with the latest laser technology.  depending on the specific 
		application, we use different grades of carbide such as c-3, c-4, and special micron-grade carbide.





dado sets
blades llc offers two different lines of dado sets - a standard economy series and our industrial series 
				dados.  we have the set you need for creating dados in natural woods, plywood, and even laminated materials.
stackable dado sets - 6", 8", 10" and 12"



kc series carbide tipped industrial shaper cutters
the kc series shaper cutters are blades llc's premium line of shaper cutters.  the cutters 
		are manufactured in the usa and are designed to the most precise tolerances in the industry.  perfect for high 
		production runs and precise woodworking applications, all kc cutters have a hub that can be machined after the carbide 
		tips have undergone several sharpenings, providing a perfect fit for the life of the cutter or set.
















industrial quality  -  carbide-tipped  -  3-wing cutter design  -  
		cutters available in 3/4" and 1-1/4" bore
kc series shaper cutter index page
bl series carbide tipped shaper cutters




 
 






bl series shaper cutter index page

carbide tipped shaper cutters available in 1/2", 3/4", and 1-1/4" bore sizes
extra thick micro-grain carbide for extended life and shock resistance.
a special anti-friction coating to reduce power loss and gumming.
"controlled cut" profiles on select cutters to reduce the danger of kickback.
shear angle profiles minimize wood tearing and reduce or eliminate sanding.
all shaper cutters are machined on automatic cnc equipment for precise geometry.
each cutter is electronically spun-balanced to produce vibration-free performance and ripple-free cutting.
all cutters & router bits are iso 9002 certified for ultimate quality assurance.

bl series carbide tipped router bits



















bl series router bit index page

carbide tipped router bits available in 1/4" and 1/2" shank sizes
extra thick micro-grain carbide for extended life and shock resistance.
all router bits are are machined on automatic cnc equipment, producing longer life and smoother cutting.
shear angle profiles on select bits minimize wood tearing and reduce or eliminate sanding.

carbide tipped cutters for table saws







multi-wing  -  5/8" bore
table saw cutters




create moulding or other detailed wood profiles on your table saw with these carbide tipped cutters.
v-groovers available for 90 degree grooving and folding applications
in-stock cutters available with 5/8" bore but are fully customizable and can be made-to-order!



beading cuttersin stock
flute cuttersin stock
v-grooversin stock
straight grooverscustom order







 




magic molder system






the amazing magic molder converts your table saw into a molding machine.  
				the cutter head fits almost any tablesaw and accepts 78 different carbide insert plugs for countless design 
				options.  creating professional mouldings and woodworking has never been easier.
available with 5/8", 3/4", or 1" bore





 choose from these 8 profiles plus 70 others!  —   magic 
		molder cutter head & plugs 
also from blades llc:  stump tooth sharpening solutions
blades llc is pleased to offer a complete system to sharpen a wide variety of the most popular 
		stump grinding teeth and stump bits.  used in the forestry and landscaping industry.  this can be an 
		excellent business opportunity!




 

sharpen rayco, sandvik,
view the al-65 system




secure online credit card payment 
			
our shopping cart uses tls/ssl technology, the most secure online ordering system available.  
			all of your personal information -- including your credit card number -- is securely encrypted.  your data 
			is safe with us and will never be sold or distributed to third parties.


blades llc  green bay, wi

  
			920-497-9873    sales@bladesllc.com 
			





© 2020 blades llc,  all rights reserved.
 
			back to top 
			


home
about us
site map














