



index










akita rescue society of america 







 
navigation

homefor tootsiebeating cancercancer & diettreating skin yeastissho's storyabandoned akitasaggression & thyroidakitas and cancerakitas in sheltersbloatblue roombreed rescue is..diseases & disordersfacts about akitasfinding a breederhiroshima/nagasakikumalet's be honest!lost & foundnew beginningsnutritional sheetspeople doing rescueplacing your akitashould you breed?starting a rescuethis is a leashthis is a cratetreating demodecticvisit these linkswater hoses & healthwhat a puppy isspirit of the akita













welcome to arsa




click here for: "akita-treasure of japan, volume ii" the only award winning book on akitas! at www.akitabook.com







arsa (akita rescue society of america, inc) 
            was founded in 1976 by a small group of akita fanciers who 
            recognized the need to assist abandoned akitas.  the breed has grown 
            and with it, the need for rescue has increased.  individuals and 
            groups throughout the country have become involved in rescue work.  
            the constant need for money to fund the work has become a 
            responsibility of the akita club of america’s rescue committee and 
            is supported by the club’s membership.  



with the release of the richard 
            gere movie, 
"hachiko," too 
            many people may assume all akitas are of the same temperament.  
            the truth is that akitas often are that loyal (see 
            kuma), but they are not a breed for all families and many of 
            them are not good with children.  please, learn more about the 
            breed before you purchase an akita and then, please,
            find a reputable 
            breeder.  please avoid buying an akita in a pet store (read 
            "new beginnings").  



            akitas are lucky to have so many people looking after their welfare 
            but arsa has always believed educating the public can prevent much 
            of the terrible suffering endured by purebred dogs, including 
            akitas.  this website exists to provide information about health, 
            behavior and finding a reputable breeder.  before you decide that an 
            akita is the breed for you, read the 
            “facts about akitas.”   


            i have worked with akitas for over 28 years.  i will always love 
            these dogs and wish all of them safe, permanent, happy homes.  i 
            encourage you to educate yourself well before you make a commitment 
            to one of these magnificent dogs.  join the many akita lists, the 
            local akita clubs, and the akita club of america.  get to know the 
            people who know the breed.
            find a reputable 
            breeder!
                                         


            barbara bouyet 

humane dog shelter
topakitawebsite 
   
 dog beds,dog supplies,dog toysdog collars,dog leads,dog foodaward by pets-direct.net

                                                              
            atopqualityakitadog breedsresource
                     

                                                                                                   
            
                     
            dog breeds
dog breedpet care




arsa © 2004 |
      email
                                                    
   








