




 




nwta


























 



home
join us
news
about

faq
try reenacting
national officers
field guide
speakers available


events

event schedule
event sponsor information


photos
merch
for members

documents
nwta scholarship
courier
last post


contact us
 














 















 


try reenacting!








do you want to fire a musket, help crew a cannon, or just enjoy an evening around the fire?
our units are excited to host folks who want to try out the hobby.
they will supply the necessary gear and clothing for you (and your family) to join us for a weekend reenacting the american revolution!
what are you in for? read our “what re-enacting with the nwta looks like.” 

 



 



 


how do you start?








email guest@nwta.com or fill out our request to guest form.
we’ll set up a guest greeter to walk you around camp at one of our scheduled events. they will introduce you to individual units so you can get a feel for who they are, and make arrangements to guest with them at their next event.
each unit has their own way of doing things. odds are pretty good you’ll find a group you’re happy to camp with for a weekend that share your interests. or maybe more than one! you can take a couple events to guest with different units and figure out which is right for you.
or, if you’d rather reenact right away, you can also reach out to units via their facebook pages found in our field guide. if you find one you like, message them in facebook messenger, or ask us to put you in contact with them.
already a reenactor? click on our join us page 

 



 



 


join us

have you always been interested in reenacting but don’t know how to get started? check out information here.		
 








the north west territory alliance (nwta) is an american revolutionary war reenactment organization located in the midwestern united states. we have over five hundred members from states as far west as iowa, east to ohio, north to the canadian border, and south to tennessee.
we are a non-profit educational organization that studies and recreates the culture, lifestyle, and arts of the time of the american revolution, 1775-1783. we strive to duplicate the uniforms, weapons, battlefield tactics, and camp life of the era as accurately as possible. 















 comments box svg iconsused for the like, share, comment, and reaction iconsnorth west territory alliance - nwta  5 days ago known by many names, the classic pancake is a timeless classic comfort food.  best known for breakfasts, there are diners and specialty restaurants where you get them at all hours.joseph plumb martin, in his “a narrative of a revolutionary soldier,” notes at one point how he and another soldier, while pursuing an army deserter, were stopped nearly in their tracks by a pancake breakfast.  for often-hungry soldiers, it was an offer they couldn’t refuse!from the hannah glasse 1747 cookbook, “the art of cookery made plain & easy”: “take a quart of milk, beat in six or eight eggs, leaving half he whites out, mix it well till your batter is of a fine thickness.  you must observe to mix your flour first with a little milk then add the rest by degrees; put in two spoonfuls of beaten ginger, a glass of brandy, a little salt, stir it all together, and take your stew-pan very clean, put in a piece of butter as big as a walnut, then pour a ladleful of batter, which will make a pancake moving the pan round, that the batter be all over the pan; shake the pan, and when you think that side is enough, toss it, if you can’t turn it cleaverly; and when both sides are done, lay it in a dish before the fire, and so do the rest. you must take care they are dry; when you send them to table, threw a little sugar over them.” amelia simmons’ 1796 cookbook “american cookery,” includes recipes for “indian slapjacks” (a pancake using corn and wheat flours), yeast-based “buckwheat cakes” (also included in susannah carter’s 1803 revised cookbook,  “the frugal housewife“), and “federal pan cakes” (using corn and rye flours).  mary randolph’s 1824 cookbook “the virginia housewife” includes a recipe for the ultra-thin pancake, “a quire of paper” seen in earlier english cookbooks.it’s william ellis’s 1750 book, “the country housewife’s family companion” that gives a clear picture of how pancakes were enjoyed by gentry and commoners alike. for some, pancakes were dessert; for others, they were the entire meal. ellis includes a range of pancake recipes from those made by the poor using water or ale instead of milk, to those that used such extravagant ingredients as cream, sack, and orange-flower water. ellis also perpetuates to the long-standing debate over whether water is better to use than milk. he references gervase markham’s 1615 cookbook “the english hus-wife” which suggests that using milk or cream instead of water produces a much tougher pancake. judging by the number of 18th century recipes for milk pancakes, however, it’s apparent that milk edged out water in the end.google the phrase “english pancake recipe” and you will find stacks of recipes that have remained relatively unchanged for hundreds of years. commonly served with sugar and a squeeze of lemon (a maria rundell suggestion in her 1807 cookbook), pancakes were and still are associated with lent. they are prepared on shrove tuesday (commonly called “pancake tuesday”) in anticipation of ash wednesday, when such luxury ingredients like cream begin their temporary lenten prohibition. the thinner unleavened english pancake was also enjoyed in america until the use of chemical leavening agents took over in the late 1800s.  the pancake recipe in the 1854 “the american home cook book” is for an english-style pancake. after comparing a number of 18th century pancake recipes, i was frustrated once again by the lack of precision in these old instructions — a sentiment shared by karen hess in her annotations of “martha washington’s booke of cookery.” but a little leeway is needed when interpreting and reproducing these old recipes. hess had much to say about differences between such things as 18th century wheat flour and modern wheat flour that can dramatically affect outcomes. consequently, the focus of our interpretation needs to be more on the viscosity of the pancake batter than the precise measure of ingredients.one variant today:• 1c. flour• 1 egg• 1 tbs. sugar• 1 tbs. baking powder• ¼ tsp. salt• 1 c. milk• 2 tbs. melted butter• 1 tsp. vanilla extract• 1 tsp cinnamon1. mix milk and egg2. mix in all other ingredients, but do not over-mix3. heat pan or griddle on medium-high heat4. melt 3-4 tsp. butter to coat bottom of skillet5. pour ½ c. batter in evenly6. when edges lightly brown and many bubbles form, gently flip pancake in pan (may need a little more butter)7. cook another 30+ seconds or until done, remove from heat, place covered on a plate to keep warm until batch is ready8. serve with butter, maple syrup, honey, or fruit toppingstext from saratoga national park and savoring the past. ... see moresee lessview on facebook·shareshare on facebookshare on twittershare on linked inshare by emailview commentslikes: 5shares: 0comments: 0comment on facebooknorth west territory alliance - nwta  1 week ago rufus franck from new england, served in new york state during the french & indian war. it is unknown whether franck was born enslaved or free. his story is one of many of african americans’ roles in the establishment of the united states.www.nps.gov/people/rufus-franck.htm?fbclid=iwzxh0bgnhzw0cmteaar2ifgybx50ubq41kqjz1a9qr_x5ynwpcf5o... ... see moresee lessview on facebook·shareshare on facebookshare on twittershare on linked inshare by emailview commentslikes: 20shares: 0comments: 0comment on facebooknorth west territory alliance - nwta  2 weeks ago vote! ... see moresee lessvote for museum of the american revolution as 2025's best history museumbit.lymuseum of the american revolution: vote for your favorite history museum!! view on facebook·shareshare on facebookshare on twittershare on linked inshare by emailview commentslikes: 3shares: 0comments: 0comment on facebooknorth west territory alliance - nwta  3 weeks ago on this day in history in 1776, the first national memorial was ordered by congress to honor brigadier general richard montgomery. www.history.com/this-day-in-history/first-national-memorial-is-ordered-by-congress ... see moresee lessview on facebook·shareshare on facebookshare on twittershare on linked inshare by emailview commentslikes: 5shares: 0comments: 0comment on facebooknorth west territory alliance - nwta  4 weeks ago "resolved, that no good man can be silent or inactive in the cause of liberty." newton, massachusetts tavern meeting, 19 january 1773. ... see moresee lessview on facebook·shareshare on facebookshare on twittershare on linked inshare by emailview commentslikes: 11shares: 1comments: 1comment on facebookimage: george washington surrounded by members of congress, lithograph by currier & ives, 1876.load more














						upcoming events					






			may		

			3		








may 3 - may 5 



		old falls village	




			old falls village		


					n96 w15791 county line road				


							menomonee falls						

							wi						

							53051						











			may		

			24		








may 24 - may 25 



		spirit of vincennes rendezvous	




			george rogers clark national historical park		


					401 s 2nd st				


							vincennes						

							47591-1001						











			jun		

			7		








june 7 - june 8 



		taylor, michigan – heritage park	




			heritage park		


					12111 pardee rd				


							taylor						

							mi						

							48180						










		view calendar	











 

















 



 

 rss





↑
nwta 





© nwta 2025 powered by wordpress • themify wordpress themes 









 







































