ï»¿



relaxing key west florida getaway | key west bed and breakfast
















































skip to content


















toggle navigation









book now






×
make a reservation






before booking, please make sure you've read our policies and agree.
have a question?
305.296.7274















check in









check out








rooms




adults




children





promo code



book now


























call us today 305.296.7274


accommodations
specials
amenities

on-site massage


web accessibility
area guide

upcoming events


gallery
contact
policies





















































when a guest stays at a key west collection by riley property they can expect to receive excellent service from a team of dedicated hospitality professionals, a comfortable and memorable stay, and a host of wonderful amenities; all of which are included in the properties’ daily room rate. this means that no guest of ours will ever pay a resort fee or a credit card processing fee.  each of our historic properties in old town offer different and unique experiences that include but are not limited to activity planning and concierge assistance, access to refreshing swimming pools, breakfast, free wifi, bag storage, great in-room amenities, and complimentary daily happy hour (available at select properties). we guarantee that our advertised daily room rate is what you pay with no hidden fees or surprises.
 
this is just one of the reasons why so many guests choose to “make new memories with us.”
 












a unique respite in key west
join us for an unforgettable time in easygoing key west.
feel at home in old town. key west bed and breakfast® is a trendy, adult-only inn with historic ties to william street. our b&b is located in the william russell house, which was originally built in 1898 by bahamian shipbuilders, and is listed on the national register of historic places. stroll through our three-story victorian and find evidence of our past in the exposed wood and shaded verandas.























our location
our inn is three blocks from both duval street and the historic seaport, as well as being within walking distance of many restaurants.  truman little white house and the mel fisher maritime museum are half a mile away. shop at mallory square and stick around for a sunset festival. we're also just a few minutes from the southernmost point in the continental u.s. 
learn more about amenities












treat yourself to amazing amenities
our key west oasis sits amongst a backdrop of swaying palms and lush gardens. southern-style porches are perfect for napping in a hammock or lounging in one of our oversized rocking chairs. we invite you to take a dip in the swimming pool located at our neighboring sister property, island city house (ask us for beach and pool towels) or take a seat in one of our charming outdoor nooks where comfortable seating beckons you to stop and enjoy nature. key west bed & breakfast® showcases local art on every wall and many of our guest rooms offer private decks overlooking old town and our gardens. there truly is no better place for peaceful contemplation than key west bed & breakfast®.
learn more about the area

















guest rooms with flair
key west bed and breakfast® offers ten unique guest rooms, each with a look all their own. reserve one of our quirky, colorful, caribbean-inspired accommodations, a perfect match for old town key west.
rooms & suites













image slide1 link to larger image room







image slide2 link to larger image hotel room key west bed and breakfast







image slide3 link to larger image hotel room key west bed and breakfast



























link to larger item photo





power up breakfast 

a complimentary breakfast is served daily from 8:30 - 10:00 am. our light breakfast offering includes a selection of cold cereals, hard-boiled eggs, greek yogurt with granola, local bagels from goldman's bagel deli, fresh baked sweet breads, fresh fruit, coffee from local favorite, doing work coffee, and orange juice. our light and airy kitchen filled with local art and free wifi is the perfect place to enjoy your breakfast and plan your day!
learn more










link to larger item photo





we lend a helping hand 

we want you to have an amazing vacation in key west. let our team assist you with dinner reservations, iconic places to visit, best music venues, sunset cruises, bicycle rentals, and more! our concierge service is available to you monday through sunday 8:00 am - 7:00 pm. please visit the office at island city house, located next door to our property. our team knows this island well and are excited to give you an authentic key west experience.come back to your "home away from home" and let us make your vacation   the best it can be.
learn more






share your vacation with us!
@keywestbedandbreakfast



































sign-up for our newsletter and receive information on local events and promotions. as a thank-you, you will receive 10% off of your next stay!
sign up now











key west bed and breakfastâ®

415 william street key west
key west,
florida
33040
united states


 phone: 
305.296.7274





stay connected




facebook



instagram






hotel website designbyvizergy







photo gallery


contact us


web accessibility


sitemap














call us



location


book now







scroll up

















