
jewelry newsletter from kaisilver. the honest jewelry and gems newsletter.










 factory direct from 
thailand www.kaisilver.com 

jewelry newsletter covers jewelry and 
gemstones, from the buyers perspective. 

jewelry newsletter from kaisilver

as the world's largest 
online provider of high end custom jewelry, kaisilver has always worked in the 
interest of the buyer. this jewelry newsletter is just one way of showing our 
dedication to the jewelry buying community. each jewelry newsletter covers 
information that directly affects buyers gem stone prices, gem stone treatments, 
critical design features etc. we send out a jewelry newsletter the moment we 
have content that will be useful in guiding buyers, the idea is not to push a 
sale. you might therefore find substantial gaps between the periods during which 
you receive your kaisilver jewelry newsletter. most jewelers have concentrated 
on using jewelry newsletters to sell, this is not how we want our newsletter to 
be. over the years our jewelry newsletter has explained and revealed gemstone 
and jewelry information that, no other jeweler would care or dare to reveal. the 
farce regarding anti tarnish 
plating on silver, the specific care and attention that emeralds need, 
the gimmick of coated pink topaz , the color fading 
property of kunzite are some such issues. we sincerely believe that educating 
buyers is the best way to enable them make the right buying decision. in today's 
competetive market, high sales pitch and flashy advertising seems to be the only 
way to survive. but we beg to differ, we firmly believe that enabling the buyer 
get a good deal is the essence of our survival. the kaisilver jewelry newsletter 
is not about selling, do not expect to see pages full of cataloged items. 


we are on your side
why subscribe to our 
jewelry newsletter? for most of us, jewelry and gemstones are luxury items 
that are expensive. the buyer expects to be honestly served by the jeweler, the 
jeweler on the other hand has his own profit margins and prosperity to take care 
of. take a look at jewelry and gemstone selling technics on tv, on the radio, in 
the printed media or online. jewelers withold as much information as possible 
from the buyer. the idea is to push a sale without the buyer being fully 
informed. supported by highly qualified and highly paid legal teams, jewelry 
sellers sweet talk buyers into paying for pure junk. light weight jewels, close 
out quality gems, cheap mass finished products are touted as 'deals', 
'discounted items', 'below cost sales' etc etc. kaisilver prefers to stay out of 
the media aided publicity circuit, we believe in educating buyers. guiding the 
buyer to make the right decision is in everyones interest. the kaisilver jewelry 
newsletter seeks to educate, it does not try to become a selling channel. over 
19,000 buyers in 17 nations now, proudly wear a kaisilver custom jewel. a team 
of around 3,500 skilled craftsmen work on these jewels and guided by some of the 
finest jewelry designers. our jewelry newsletter is meant to represent you the 
buyer, take care of your interest and inform you. this approach has earned us a 
solid base of satisfied buyers, giving us a 35% rate of repeat buyers. you can 
read some kaisilver buyer testimonials here: click here to read some buyer feedbacks. 
subscribe/unscubscribe to our jewelry newsletter: firstly, we 
send our jewelry newsletter only to subscribed visitors or buyers. to ensure 
strict adherence to this policy, our mailing list is maintained by a third 
party, bravenet. when you enter your name and email address on the form given 
below, the details are sent to bravenet, not to kaisilver. bravenet follows the 
double confirmation process. you get an email from bravenet requesting your 
confirmation to join our jewelry newsletter mailing list. it is only after this 
process is complete that, bravenet informs us about your actions. if you wish to 
unsubscribe from the jewelry newsletter mailing list, follow the same process 
but choose, 'unsubscribe' instead of 'subscribe' on the last selection field. we 
have zero tolerance for spam and wish that more online sellers would feel the 
same way. 




vol 16: 12 jan 2013: jade 
      jewelry, the yin yang tradition, affordable sapphire diamond ring 
      ... more.



vol 16: 10 may 2009: 
         aquamarine the march birth stone. also, the 
      gorgeous cage ring. ...more 

vol 15: 05 apr 2008:    silver rings 
      and silver jewelry. about fire opal gemstones. ...more 

vol 14: 06 mar 2006:    bloodstone 
      information. finger ring meaning. paypal pishing and scams. ...more 

vol 13: 07 nov 2005:    promise 
      rings information. mens fashion jewelry. kyanite gemstone information. 
      ...more 

vol 12: 27 july 2005:    iolite 
      gemstone information. high end custom body piercing jewelry, belly rings. 
      ...more 

 

vol 11: 10 may 2005:    inlay ring 
      information. affordable diamond rings. carnelian gemstone information. 
      ...more 

vol 10: 12 mar 2005:    silver 
      tarnish information. diamond band ring. online payment methods. ...more 

vol 09: 24 nov 2004:    kunzite 
      color fade. 99% pink topaz is coated. about custom jewelry. ...more 

vol 08: 09 aug 2004:    tanzanite 
      gem stone information. multiple gem stone rings. diffused star sapphire. 
      ...more 

  

vol 07: 27 may 2004:    chrysoprase 
      is not green jade. male claddagh rings. black onyx ring for men. ...more 

vol 06: 07 apr 2004:    colors of 
      gold. jadeite and nephrite are jade. thai benjarong collection. ...more 

vol 05: 30 jan 2004:    choosing 
      yellow gold or white gold. emerald information, caring for emeralds. 
      ...more 

vol 04: 01 dec 2003:    14k and 18k 
      gold information. online safety suggestions. family birth stone ring. 
      ...more 

  

vol 03: 12 nov 2003:    
      understanding jewelry value. silver claddagh rings. ruby diamond ring. 
      ...more 

vol 02: 19 oct 2003:    unique gold 
      ring designs. comparing white gold and platinum jewelry. ...more 

vol 01: 21 sep 2003:    custom 
      pendants. birth stone charts. 50 carat blue topaz gem stone. ...more 









some kaisilver 
      jewelry 


gemstone jewlery * custom 
      jewelry * tanzanite jewelry * male rings * cat rings 
      * cuff links 
      * made to order jewellery 
      * men's wedding 
      bands * large men's 
      rings * custom fine jewelry * 
      custom men's pendants 
      * wedding band collection 
      * custom rings 
    


join the kaisilver jewelry newsletter mailing list. 

the kaisilver jewelry newsletter provides frank and straightforward 
information regarding gemstones and jewelry. the emphasis is on informative 
topics and background of new products and developments. 

your e-mail address is kept confidential. we do not spam or sell your 
personal details. 
enter your details in the 
box below, you will be added to the list only after you re-confirm to join the 
list. the re-confirmation e-mail will come to you directly from bravenet. your 
e-mail address will be released by bravenet to kaisilver only after you reply to 
the e-mail that you receive from bravenet. 



 







subscribe to 
            the kaisilver newsletter





enter your 
                  name and email address:

name: 


email: 
 

subscribe      unsubscribe

 mailing list by bravenet for kaisilver

the kaisilver mailing list is maintained and checked by bravenet.org. 
each e-mail address is inserted into the mailing list only after a double 
confirmation is received from you. 

