








yosemite national park campground - cabins - rv sites - yosemite pines




























































 














skip to content










 


menu 
home
specials
rates
reservations
amenities
galleries
directions
contact
209-962-7690
 









welcome to yosemite pines rv resort & family lodging
visit: www.recreation.gov for current information on yosemite national park.

click above to watch this segment from abc10’s evening news on our conestoga wagons!
rv’ers, please – do not – take hwy 49, road is very windy and not rv friendly. also, please do not take old priest grade. this route is for passenger vehicles only and is very steep and windy. weight limits do apply and are enforced.
reservations will be required in yosemite, through recreation.gov, for february 8-9, the 15-17, and the 22-23









*yosemite pines rv resort is not responsible or liable for any issues that may occur beyond our control. this includes, but not limited to; area wide power outages, incidents of extreme weather including thunderstorms, flooding, or snow, roadway closures to the property, and pandemics. yosemite pines rv resort is also not responsible for any property or bodily damages that may incur.


cabins / yurts

our comfortable yosemite cabins sleep up to eight people and we offer yosemite rentals priced for all budgets, or try our yurts for an exceptional value!
read more


rv / tent sites

camping just 22 miles from the western entrance of yosemite national park; yosemite pines offers affordable rv and tent sites with your favorite amenities.
read more


glamping

our resort is the place to enjoy glamorous camping known as “glamping.” choose from our conestoga wagons, which sleep either four or six people, or stay near yosemite national park in our retro trailers, all fun lodging options for families. we also offer you the original glamping experience with our furnished yurts.
read more




please read our cancellation policies here. there are many activities near our resort and we encourage you to make plans to have fun nearby. click here: activity guide and here: yosemite hikes
click here for current specials, packages & tours


a yosemite national park vacation is easy and affordable when you stay with us! our convenient location is just a 22-mile scenic drive from the park’s west entrance for easy day trips to visit yosemite valley and the surrounding area.


yosemite pines rv resort & family lodging offers some of the best lodging near yosemite national park, with many types of cabins and classic trailers plus yurts and rv or tent sites. while here, enjoy our large swimming pool, volleyball court, bocce ball courts, and deli! spend your days at yosemite and the surrounding gold country towns and return to stay with us, where peace and quiet is plentiful! relax and recharge in a family-friendly setting, ready for your next day’s adventure!















photos & videos

from the majestic vistas of yosemite’s rock cliffs to the scenic grounds of our campgrounds near yosemite, our photo gallery shows you the beauty found here.
read more


area activities

a visit to yosemite national park or california’s gold country are just two of the many area activities you can enjoy when you stay at yosemite pines. find out about fun things to do here.
read more


amenities

our resort offers amenities such as gold panning, games area, sand volleyball court, horseshoes, convenience store, nature trails and swimming pool.
read more


national park

this overview of yosemite national park highlights the main sights, activities and attractions. every season brings a new rhythm of color and adventure.
read more




yosemite national park
park entry requires a reservation
a reservation is required to enter the park on some dates in 2024.


day-use reservation
required 24 hours
some weekends in february, during the horsetail fall event.
february 10 — 11
february 17 — 19
february 24 — 25


peak-hours reservation
required between 5 am and 4 pm
april 13 — june 30
saturdays, sundays, & holidays only
july 1 — august 16
daily
august 17 — october 27
saturdays, sundays, & holidays only





 









find us on


 
 

 
newsletter signupclick the "subscribe" button at right to receive our future email newsletters with current specials and discounts.
subscribe





lodging / campingcabins & yurts
rv & tent campsites
trailers
glamping
make a reservation
 

about yosemite pinesour location
facilities & amenities
yosemite pines press releases
area activities
rates
 

articles & informationnational park fun & adventure
articles on yosemite pines
useful readings
guidelines & refund policy
contact us
 

call for reservations
209-962-7690
yosemite pines rv resort
& family lodging
20450 old highway 120
groveland, ca 95321
yosemitepinesrvresort@gmail.com 






					© 2025 yosemite pines rv resort with cabins, yurts or rv/tent camping sites - all rights reserved | terms of use - privacy policy 



this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 ×  























