the doorbuilding closures: the door's manhattan and bronx youth centers and housing sites will be closed on monday, february 17. regular hours will resume on tuesday, february 18.joinsupport useveryone is welcome here ready to join? become a member todayexplore the doorour integrated approach is unique and effective. young people come to the door for a wide variety of reasons, and we welcome them with a range of services and holistic approach. if we don’t have what that young person needs, we will find it.more about the doorour locationswhat we offerthe door is new york city’s premier youth development organization, providing comprehensive and innovative support for new yorkers ages 12–24.*career & educationhigh school equivalencycollege & future pathwaysjobs & internshipsyouth leadershipcounseling, health & nutritionhealth servicescounselingtransgender health & gender-affirming servicesfood & nutritionlegal & immigrationlegal servicespolicy & advocacyget involved in our legal servicesarts & recreationcreative artsrecreationhousing & supportive servicessupportive housingrunaway & homeless youthfoster care broome street academy charter high schoolour on-site suny-authorized charter high school, broome street academy, sets aside 50% of the seats in its incoming 9th-grade class for students who are transitionally housed or in foster care and offers a wide range of integrated support in collaboration with the door’s programs.broomestreetacademy.org    our impactthe door’s success lies in our commitment to meeting young people where they are and providing them with the comprehensive and integrated services they deserve. here’s our impact in fy23.more about our impact7.2knew york city youth served3.9kmembers engaged in 3 or more programs21.4kfree delicious, nutritious meals and pantry bags distributed10.1kservices provided through our legal services centerwant to help? support us todayfaces of the doorwe pride ourselves on the diversity of our staff and members, who come to us from all walks of life. they make the door a place where the building blocks for strong futures begin to take shape.vaughn & the arts: embracing self-confidencevaughn mastered numerous styles and secured a full ride to the university for the arts in philadelphia. “the door helped me to not be afraid,” he said. “now i know i can do anything,” says vaughn. read their storyrenee mcconey: expanding health access & partnerships“i grew up in brooklyn and have spent most of my life in the city. i’ve known about the door since i was young, actually. i had neighbors who went, classmates—it’s always been here.”read their storyrenika & career paths: drawing a roadmap to successthe door’s internships are just the starting point for young people like renika. here they can also find support obtaining a high school/ged diploma, enrolling in college, and obtaining a part-time or full-time job. read their storyvanessa & legal services: finding a judge-free zone for nyc youthvanessa was initially shocked at how supportive and attentive the door staff was, calling the door “a judge-free zone.” to her relief, she received her green card within months, followed by a new job. read their storycaroline & college prep: making dreams a reality“the door has such a warm and welcoming environment, and i am grateful that i had a community and a support network that encouraged me to make my dreams become a reality.” read their storydoctor bob: advocating for quality health carethe door’s adolescent health center was at the forefront of dealing with medicine’s emerging issues, sometimes before they even had a name. dr. bob and the health center have always been proponents of providing youth with accessible health care.read their storycheyne, cam & supportive services: brothers finding their voices “i learned a lot about expressing my opinion without judgment, and about doing my part to speak my mind to shed light on issues that affect me as young person that some of the others might not have known about,” cheyne said.read their storythe latestview allceo kelsey louie's mental health op-ed featured in nyn medianews feb 26, 2024ceo kelsey louie publishes an opinion piece in city & state ny's new york nonprofit media focusing on the severity of the youth mental health crisis in new york city.calendarthere are currently no upcoming events.get the door in your inbox. sign up for our newsletter.sign up(212) 941-9090info@door.orgthe door, 555 broome street, 
new york, ny 10013ready to donate? select your gift amount below:$100$250$500othercontact usvisit & outreachcareers    our locationsabout the doorprogram registrationbroome street academy    join the doorsupport usthe door is an equal opportunity employer/program. auxiliary aids and services are available upon request to individuals with disabilities. tty: new york telecommunications relays (800) 662-1220 (tty) and (800) 421-1220 (voice)privacy policy and terms of use

