








deftonesworld - all about the deftones - your daily fix for deftones info is here!





























































deftonesworld - all about the deftonesyour daily fix for deftones info is here!
home
news
tour

upcoming tour dates
old tour dates


bio
band members
photos
lyrics

ohms (lyrics)
gore (lyrics)
koi no yokan (lyrics)
diamond eyes (lyrics)
b-sides & rarities (lyrics)
saturday night wrist (lyrics)
deftones s/t (lyrics)
white pony (lyrics)
around the fur (lyrics)
adrenaline (lyrics)
like linus (lyrics)
others (lyrics)


videography

ohms (videography)
gore (videography)
koi no yokan (videography)
diamond eyes
saturday night wrist
deftones s/t
white pony
around the fur
adrenaline
other


interviews

2011 (interviews)
2010 (interviews)
2009 (interviews)
2008 (interviews)
2007 (interviews)
2006 (interviews)
2005 (interviews)
2004 (interviews)
2003 (interviews)
2002 (interviews)
2001 (interviews)
2000 (interviews)
1999 (interviews)
1998 (interviews)
1997 (interviews)
1996 (interviews)


guitar tabs

diamond eyes (tabs)
saturday night wrist (tabs)
deftones s/t (tabs)
white pony (tabs)
around the fur (tabs)
adrenaline (tabs)
others songs (tabs)


songs secrets

deftones s/t (song secrets)
white pony (song secrets)
around the fur (song secrets)
adrenaline (song secrets)
other songs secrets


weird facts
magazine covers
fan meetings
fan rooms
art




 

deftones add more european shows to summer 2025 tour plansfebruary 6, 2025  by nuno deftones have announced three brand new european shows as part of their upcoming summer tour plans. check out all the details below. read more: “this record embedded in our brains”: the endless power of deftones’ ‘white pony’ chino moreno and co will now be taking over milan’s carroponte on june 17, zurich’s halle 622 on june […]
 



latest deftones newssystem of a down extend north american tour dates with korn, deftones and avenged sevenfolddecember 12, 2024  by nuno system of a down have added extra shows to their upcoming north american tour. find out the new dates and ticket details below. read more: shavo odadjian talks seven hours after violet and future of system of a down: “i’ve got nothing i need to prove” news of the 2025 live shows arrived earlier this […]
deftones add two huge shows to summer 2025 uk tour plansdecember 10, 2024  by nuno deftones have announced two more outdoor uk shows for summer 2025 – you can find all the details below. last month saw the band confirm a big gig at crystal palace park in london on june 29. they’ll be joined at that show by weezer, high vis and more. read more: “this record embedded in our […]
system of a down announce three “one-of-a-kind” north american stadium shows with korn, avenged sevenfold and deftonesdecember 9, 2024  by nuno system of a down have announced three north american stadium shows set to take place next summer. read more: shavo odadjian talks seven hours after violet and future of system of a down: “i’ve got nothing i need to prove” the iconic metal band is set to perform three “one-of-a-kind” stadium shows with the first […]
roskilde festival 2025 adds olivia rodrigo, deftones, jamie xx and more to line-upnovember 28, 2024  by nuno roskilde festival has announced a new wave of names to its 2025 line-up, with huge names like olivia rodrigo and deftones now being added to the bill. read more: olivia rodrigo live in london: quite possibly 2024’s most fun tour the 2025 instalment of the danish non-profit festival will mark its 53rd edition, and is […]
deftones announce huge london 2025 crystal palace park show with weezernovember 4, 2024  by nuno deftones have announced a huge london concert next year with weezer. read more: “this record embedded in our brains”: the endless power of deftones’ ‘white pony’ both acts will be teaming up for the headline show at crystal palace park on sunday, june 29 in 2025. tickets go on sale this friday (november 8) at 9am […]
watch deftones cover japan’s ‘ghosts’ at día de los deftones festivalnovember 3, 2024  by nuno deftones have played their version of japan’s ‘ghosts’ live for the first time at their día de los deftones festival – watch footage below. read more: “this record embedded in our brains”: the endless power of deftones’ ‘white pony’ the band were headlining the fifth iteration of their own curated festival at petco park in san […]
deftones and cypress hill side-project sol invicto unleash first single, the obvious playoctober 3, 2024  by nuno sol invicto have unleashed their first proper publicly available single, the obvious play. formed by deftones’ stephen carpenter, cypress hill​’s eric bobo and producer/guitarist richie londres, the group have given the wider world a first proper look at what’s to come from this project, following their ​‘extremely rare, private’ double album initium back in 2017. ​“it’s been […]
 

advertisement






recent content


deftones add more european shows to summer 2025 tour plans


system of a down extend north american tour dates with korn, deftones and avenged sevenfold


deftones add two huge shows to summer 2025 uk tour plans




advertisement













buy deftones merchandise








deftones in tour


subscribe to deftonesworld via email


enter your email to get deftones news!



							email address						







 
							subscribe						



random deftones photo


about created in 2000 by deftones' portuguese fan, nuno rolinho, deftonesworld.com is still one of the oldest fanpages on the internet.


return to top of pagecreated and maintained since 2000 by nuno rolinho  ¤  email: nunorolinho@gmail.com       [privacy policy]















