























youthrules | u.s. department of labor











      skip to main content
    












an official website of the united states government.
here’s how you know


here’s how you know









the .gov means it’s official.
 federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site.
                        






the site is secure.
 the https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely.
                        














u.s. department of labor








                        wage and hour division
                    







about us
contact us
español






menu












search

 












 submenu




topicsback




topics



wages


misclassification


family and medical leave act (fmla)


pump at work


maternal health


retaliation


government contracts


immigration


child labor


agricultural employment


subminimum wage


employment of workers with disabilities




lie detector tests


usmca


davis bacon prevailing wage survey









worker rights


for employersback




for employers



resources for employers


regulatory library


interpretive guidance


forms


posters


industry-specific resources


compliance assistance


elaws advisors


fact sheets


new and small businesses resources


presentations


external user portal (eup)









resourcesback




resources



posters


forms


compliance assistance toolkits


new and small business resources


fact sheets


presentations


publications by language


elaws


flsa compliance videos


employer.gov


worker.gov


data




dol enforcement database


workers owed wages


order publications









interpretive guidanceback




interpretive guidance



laws and regulations


field handbook


administrator interpretations, opinion and ruling letters


field bulletins









state lawsback




state laws



state minimum wage laws


state labor law topics


state labor offices


resources for state and local governments









news releases


about us


contact us


español










search
























breadcrumb


whd



































 

the wage and hour division promotes positive and safe work experiences for teens by providing information on federal and state labor laws that apply to young workers.child labor topicsyouthrules.gov homeyoung workersparentseducatorsemployerscommon questionsfile a complaintother resourcesstate labor lawsshare our messagedownload our timesheet app  young workerslearn about your rights as you make your way into the workforce.learn more about young workersparentsensure your child’s job does not jeopardize their health, well-being, or educational opportunities.learn more as parentseducatorshelp educate young workers and their parents on child labor requirements.learn more as educatorsemployersunderstand if and how you can employ minors at your company.learn more as employers   child labor44 secondswhere can i work?18 secondswhat hours can i work?16 secondshow to file a complaint25 seconds  common questionswhat are the child labor laws that apply to workers in the restaurant industry?are workers under 18 allowed to load, operate, or unload balers and compactors?are workers under 18 allowed to operate meat slicers or bakery machines?is an intern or student entitled to receive the minimum wage and overtime pay?are workers under 18 allowed to clean or operate meat processing machinery?what are the child labor laws that apply to driving or delivering goods?  other resourcesour resources can help everyone better understand federal child labor laws.learn best practicesorder free publicationschild labor fact sheetsdangerous jobs  state labor lawssome state child labor laws are inconsistent with the federal child labor provisions of the fair labor standards act, 29 u.s.c. 212(c), and its implementing regulations at 29 cfr part 570. where a state child labor law is less restrictive than the federal law, the federal law applies. where a state child labor law is more restrictive than the federal law, the state law applies.  contact usmany investigations are initiated by complaints, which are free and confidential. the name of the complainant, the nature of the complaint, and whether a complaint exists may not be disclosed. an employer cannot retaliate against a worker for exercising their rights, filing a complaint or cooperating with an investigation.  contact us now  share our messagedownload resources and graphics for talking about young workers’ rights and safety in your community.general informationtwitter:@whd_dol@usdolfacebook: departmentoflaborinstagram: @usdollinkedin:wage and hour divisionu.s. department of laborhashtags: #workersrights #youthrules #keepteenworkerssafesample postsdoes your 14- or 15-year-old child want a job bussing tables? bagging groceries? working at a local pool, marina, or golf course? know the federal limits on their hours and tasks. youthrules.govknow a young worker? tell them about @whd_dol’s timesheet app. it’s free and can be found in the android and iphone app stores by searching for “dol-timesheet.” https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/timesheet-appare you owed back wages from an employer? @whd_dol may have collected them for you. check out their database of unclaimed money and submit a claim today! dol.gov/wowshareable graphics    download our timesheet apptrack your work hours and calculate your pay automatically with the dol-timesheet app. add comments, use multiple pay frequency options, and additional pay calculations. it’s free and available in english and spanish.scan this qr code to get started.  
















scroll to top 






topics


worker rights


for employers


resources


interpretive guidance


state laws


news













 





wage and hour division

an agency within the u.s. department of labor

200 constitution ave nw
washington, dc 20210
1-866-4-us-wage
1-866-487-9243


www.dol.gov













federal government


white house


disaster recovery assistance


disasterassistance.gov


usa.gov


no fear act data


u.s. office of special counsel






labor department


about dol


guidance search


español


office of inspector general


subscribe to the dol newsletter


read the dol newsletter


emergency accountability status link


a to z index






whd portals


youthrules!


wage determinations


accessibility statement




















 





connect with dol




facebook




x




instagram





threads




linkedin




youtube





site map
important website notices
privacy & security statement























