




swiss chalet hotel and restaurant - your airport hotel and business venue in angeles city, philippines



























contact us: (+63) 45 625 4722 / (+63) 45 888 2618 / 09771421147 / 09694812585 | info@swisschaletph.com  or  swisschaletph@gmail.com












swiss chalet



homez
                     introduction
history
offering
menu
news
contact





















swiss chalet
welcome to the swiss chalet hotel and restaurant angeles city, philippines!
we are located in angeles city, luzon, approximately 70 km north of manila in the heart of the balibago entertainment district
about 30min from clark international airport, 10min from dau bus terminal and walking distance to sm mall clark.
errected in 2003 the chalet was under swiss managemenet ever since.















octoberfest in the chalet
from sep 28th to october 15th
features classic german dishes such as:
pork knuckle: grilled pig knuckle with sauerkraut
bratwurst: grilled sausages served with mustard and sauerkraut.
grilled chicken: with various side orders.
pretzels: soft, salty pretzels with beer cheese dip.
and of course german beer
















swiss chalet restaurant
featuring delicious swiss, international and filipino food at a competitive price.
offering traditional home cooking style meals it is a favorite among locals and visitors alike.
we welcome guests from 8:00am till 11:30pm!
since nov 2007 an austrian chef is running the kitchen.















swiss chalet hotel
friendly hotel with 22 comfortable deluxe rooms and 2 luxury suites.
the rooms are color themed in red, yellow, blue and green and come in different sizes.
all rooms equipped with electronic safety boxes, split airconditioning and wifi access.








contact us








all hotel rooms with safe, tv, mini-bar
all hotel rooms have a solid electronic secured safe for your valuables - of course all rooms offer cable tv, mini-bar and rich custom made furniture.



very quiet hotel location
our very quiet location in a side road of fields avenue plus split type airconditioning give you total silence in all rooms for maximum comfort and relaxation.



all our hotel rooms with free internet access
several wi-fi hotspots to cover all deluxe rooms.



airport pickup service and transfer
we can arrange car pick at manila airport or clark airport or other locations on luzon island through 3rd party drivers.










history of swiss chalet
february 2004:
                  the early swiss chalet opens with 12 rooms.
                  it was the left part of the chalet as we know it today.
                  
                  october 2005:
                  chalet extension to 25 rooms as we know it today.
                  
                  november 2007:
                  austrian chef herbert joins the team.
                  
                  october 2013:
                  swiss national beat list joins the chalet team.
                  
                  january 2015:
                  hans decides to take it easier with his 66 years and plans to take more vacations.
                  a new company is formed where beat list is main owner and takes over a big part of the management.
                  
                  november 2019:
                  hans retires from the business
               





offering


gourmet restaurant


swiss specialties, international- and filipino gourmet cuisine.
fine selection of delicacies, select wines, fresh salads.
feast at our 'stammtisch', right in front of a painting of the swiss alps.
fresh air lovers can dine outdoors on our veranda and enjoy open air in a quiet environment..
swiss people love to celebrate with fondue. we have both cheese and fondue bourguignonne (meat) available.
for your special occasions try our chateaubriand, good for 2 person.
our famous salad bar is fixed menu item for our many repeating customers.
our morning restaurant annd kitchen staff.
friendly evening restaurant staff eager to serve you.
our evening kitchen staff expertedly preparing your meals.




hotel


our very lovely furnished rooms offer all comfort you may expect.
all our deluxe rooms at hotel swiss chalet have an identical outfit of individually hand crafted to our specifications.
the interior of our deluxe suiten exquisite and cozy.
our reception area where we are 24h available for you.
our bell boys are always ready to serve you.
the friendly chamber maids make sure the rooms are clean and comfortable.









menu




international cuisine
embark on a global culinary journey with a wide range of international dishes





swiss specials
if you plan to celebrate or you'd like to enjoy a typical swiss evening, why not try our: fondue bourguignonne





filipino food
savor the authentic flavors of the philippine.








swiss chalet news




28september2024




octoberfest at the chalet
bavarian specials and of course german beer for the next 2 weeks






14september2024




new web design
the swiss chalet site was finally modernized and updated






1august2024




swiss national day
celebrate with us the birth of the swiss nation









contact us





swiss chalet

adress: a. santos street corner real street, balibago, angeles city, 2009
country: philippines
e-mail: info@swisschaletph.com
e-mail: swisschaletph@gmail.com


social
 like us on facebook
 tripadvisor














copyright 2024, hans resl









