







































exclusive gold and silver coins, commemoratives | american mint
























to be able to use american mint in full range, we recommend activating javascript in your browser.

























 menu





search





search

 








                    service
                






                        my account
                    





                                    shopping cart  
                            
0


 











goldsilverplatinumu.s. currencycommemorativesother productsaccessoriesunique and rare 






to category gold








solid gold


gold-layered




gold coins

gold coins
for thousands of years, gold has been a symbol of wealth and status; today, it is considered a safe, long-term investment for everyone. considered “the most beautiful type of gold investment,” gold coins offer a unique and...

learn more









to category silver








solid silver


silver-plated




silver coins

silver coins
one of the oldest materials used in the minting of coins, silver has long been a favorite material of both serious numismatists and casual collectors. silver bullion coins are staples in many collections, as are silver-plated...

learn more









to category platinum







platinum coins

platinum coins
silvery-white platinum metal resembles white gold or silver in appearance. often used in jewelry and industrial products, platinum is a rare precious metal that is always in high demand. from a numismatist's perspective, platinum...

learn more









to category u.s. currency








legal tender coins


silver eagle


presidential dollars


commemorative quarters


uncirculated


commemoratives


antiques




enhanced legal tender coins


gold-layered


colorized


in keepsafe display




replicas


rare


golden


silvered




trials


banknote coins




u.s. currencies

u.s. coins for sale
the united states dollar remains a strong currency today and is one of the primary currencies used in most international transactions. u.s. currency is also popular with collectors who determine the value of a piece based on...

learn more









to category commemoratives








presidents


abraham lincoln coins


franklin d. roosevelt coins


barack obama coins


ronald reagan coins


dwight d. eisenhower coins


george washington coins


thomas jefferson coins


john f. kennedy coins




american history


patriotic


military


civil war 150th anniversary


nostalgia/20th century


air, space and sea


wildlife


religious


foreign coins


ancient coins




coins & commemoratives

commemorative coins
one of the best things about collecting coins is that it provides a lens through which you can explore a range of different subjects. of course, you don't have to be a dedicated collector to enjoy the variety of...

learn more









to category other products








knives


pocket knives


bowie knives


themes




other




collectibles

are coins not your thing?  american mint offers a wide variety of collectible pieces, pick your favorite category and start collecting today.

learn more









to category accessories







collectors' accessories

coin collecting accessories
caring for your collectibles is essential for preserving their appearance and protecting their long-term value. from genuine antique currency to organizing and maintaining your treasured collection requires...

learn more









to category unique and rare
























service center 


1-877-807-mint 




we´re happy to be here for you!  toll-free customer service number:




1-877-807-mint (6468)

hours of operation: 
monday through friday and 10am to 6pm on saturday




contact@americanmint.com


about us
contact
terms & conditions
privacy policy















close menu 








categories





gold







silver







platinum




u.s. currency







commemoratives







other products







accessories




unique and rare




news






information




contact




our emails




satisfaction guarantee




terms & conditions




news from the mint























if you saw one of our printed ads, please enter the keycode here:


































personal customer service – we´re happy to be here for you!
do you have any questions or concerns?  toll-free customer service number: 

  1-877-807-mint fax: (717)-458-9217  hours of operation:  8am to 7pm eastern time monday through friday 10am to 6pm eastern time saturday








about us
welcome to american mint
american mint is a reliable source for all your collecting needs. our diverse selection of products includes commemorative coins, legal tender coins, medals, knives, and more collector’s items. whether you're new to the hobby and looking for expert advice on how to build your collection, or are in search of something unique and hard to find, we can help. american mint offers a wide range of select collectibles. gold and silver coins have been dedicated to an almost limitless variety of themes and every collector will find the right piece for their collection. however, our offerings go far beyond coins. follow the links on this page to explore our inventory. our products american mint has one of the largest inventories of rare coins, currency, and other products. in our online store, you'll find:  gold: american mint carries an extensive selection of gold and gold-layered items, including collector's coins, medals, ingots, and more. our products feature patriotic, cultural, historic, and other themes, just to name a few. pricing starts at just $4.95, making it easy and affordable to start or grow your own collection. silver: silver is used in everything from jewelry to rare coins and currency. our silver inventory includes products such as silver eagle bullion coins and complete legal tender coin sets from all eras of u.s. history. we also offer wonderful silver-plated presidential coins, silver certificate replicas, and other products.  platinum: platinum is a precious metal prized for its brilliance, and is increasingly prized by collectors. to serve this growing market, we sell a variety of collectible products, including replicas of the famous u.s. platinum eagle and other commemorative u.s. coins. experience the beauty of these premium products for less with our platinum-plated items.  u.s. currency: the u.s. mint was founded in 1792 and has been producing coins in all denominations ever since. over the years there have been many rare, valuable, and otherwise memorable issues which are highly sought-after by collectors today. true to our name, american mint is your source for genuine and replica u.s. coins. from 19th century rarities to modern collectibles, you'll find it all in our online store.  commemorative coins: our commemorative coins celebrate some of the most noteworthy people, presidents, and events in u.s. and global history. some of our offerings include coveted treasures like the “historic american silver coin set,” the “president kennedy half dollar” or the “benjamin franklin $100 commemorative coin.” we also offer historical u.s. themes like the “thomas jefferson peace medal replica,” or the lavish “lewis and clark bicentennial commemorative coin”. ” explore our inventory to find themes of interest to you.  knives: coins are not for everyone, which is why american mint also offers  commemorative knives. our collection includes offerings such as “wild west” themed collectible pocket knives and bowie knives including the “buffalo bill bowie knife” and the “billy the kid bowie knife,” as well as patriotic themes like the “freedom pocket knife” and the “mount rushmore pocket knife.” we also offer military themes such as our “u.s. marine corps pocket knife.” accessories: our customers know that cataloging and caring for a coin collection can be as exciting as adding to it. that's why we offer an extensive selection of accessories, such as albums, polishing cloths, coin pouches and more.  whatever your interests, american mint is your exclusive partner for growing your collection. together with our affiliates, we supply more than one million customers in the u.s., and more than 10 million globally. find out for yourself why we're the first choice when it comes to quality products at an accessible price point. got a question about any of the classic coins and collectibles for sale in our online store? contact our office for assistance from one of our team members. or, browse our products to learn more about each. 






our american mint advantages


trusted partner of american collectors
you will benefit from our experienced staff and international trade partners: we can offer you select rarities at especially fair prices. look forward to interesting news and special offers, and use our personal discounts to discover new collection topics and fine rarities.



buy with confidence 90-day return policy
your satisfaction is guaranteed. if you're not pleased with an item you receive, you may return it within 90 days for a full refund of the purchase price.



free s&h for orders over $150
save on delivery. when you spend $150 or more, shipping and handling is on us.








}





american mint ®service promise


personal and individual customer service 100% satisfaction guarantee authenticity guaranteed by our experts special offers and discounts



contact


toll-free customer service1-877-807-mint (6468) hours of operation:8am to 7pm etmonday through fridayand 10am to 6pm on saturday                                         email                                     contact@americanmint.com                                            fax order                                                                         (717)-458-9217                                 





follow us!








payment methods




check/money order





email


sign up now to join our e-mail list and ensure that you will no longer miss any offers from american mint.





 submit





follow us!














about american mint








about us




news from the mint




join the team





do
not sell or share my personal information




customer service




contact




terms & conditions




privacy policy




shipping rates and taxes




american mint satisfaction guarantee




returns






contact


toll-free customer service1-877-807-mint (6468) hours of operation:8am to 7pm etmonday through fridayand 10am to 6pm on saturday                                         email                                     contact@americanmint.com                                            fax order                                                                         (717)-458-9217                                 





* all prices are quoted net of the statutory value-added tax and shipping costs and possibly delivery charges, if not otherwise described













contact




our emails




satisfaction guarantee




terms & conditions




news from the mint






©2020 american mint llc



















