









home - jvim





















































prayer request
email us
 

search for:



 


menu
skip to content

about

bible prophecy and you
scripture memorization


donate

usa / international one-time donation
usa / international monthly donation
canada one-time donation
canada monthly donation


tv program
store

new releases
illustrations
catalog


news

global news
intelligence briefing
living library
email newsletter
question of the week


today’s devotional
contact
 








  
watch video 


               watch the current program here



subscribe now to receive an email notification when jack van impe presents is available for online viewing.

 



















which is bigger, 2 or 8? 






terrorism accelerating…but peace comingthis video includes the complete, unabridged program - more than we had time to broadcast on television! be sure to share it with your friends, family, and church!request your copy today



recent newsfebruary 14, 2025netanyahu, trump discuss level of us support for israeli strike on iran, reportynetnews.com reports: “prime minister benjamin netanyahu and u.s. president donald trump discussed the levels of american backing in an israeli strike on iran’s nuclear sites, ranging from active military support – such as intelligence, refueling […]february 14, 2025ukraine: russian drone blasts hole in radiation shield ‘protecting the world’ at chernobyl nuclear plantthe times of israel reports: “ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky said friday that a russian drone struck the cover built to contain radiation at the chernobyl nuclear power plant. zelensky said ‘radiation levels have not increased.’ […]february 14, 2025china says us should take lead in military cuts after trump commentsspacewar.com reports: “beijing said on friday the united states should take the lead on reducing military spending after us president donald trump said he wanted to hold talks with russia and china on the topic. […]read more




daily devotional
today’s devotional february 16
dr. charles e. fuller received the following letter from a listener to “the old fashioned revival hour.” “next sunday you are to talk about heaven. i am interested in that land, because i have held […]
read more
daily devotional sign up
subscribe now to receive soul food: give us this day our daily bread in your inbox every morning.

 



















which is bigger, 2 or 8? 







newsletter sign up
don’t miss a single prophetic sign!
subscribe to dr. jack van impe’s email newsletter!
completely free and delivered to your inbox every single week — it’s packed with biblical insights and important prophetic updates gleaned from the latest news headlines and scripture. subscribe now!

 


















.
which is bigger, 2 or 8? 








 


lives changed
jack and rexella,
words cannot express my gratitude to you both for your love of the lord. i look eagerly each week to hearing from you both. your uncompromising commitment to reaching souls is commendable and much appreciated. praise god!!
although i am fairly new to your program i have been a committed believer since june 12, 1988. at almost 55 years i have certainly had my share of what i call
"the damascus road" journey; and when i see the love in each of your eyes towards each other it makes me proud to sing loud sing strong and stand tall!!
after losing my health… losing my wife… losing my house… and losing my business i sometimes wonder how much more this journey will unfold!!?? then, when i watch the headlines you two so diligently show each week i am thankful. i humbly take another step.
best of health to you jack. rexella, you are a delight to behold any week.
love and peace,
dan f.
canada


read
                    more

 
 


about jvim
current international events reflect exactly the conditions predicted throughout the bible for the last days of this age. dr. jack van impe has been declaring the truth of bible prophecy since 1948 and continues to be a leading voice in declaring the soon return of the savior. dr. rexella van impe is a talented musician and a critical part of the tv and teaching ministries. 

read
                    more

 






site linkshome
about
contact
donate
news
store
today’s devotional
tv program
social










newsletter sign up

 


















.
which is bigger, 2 or 8? 






 
contact info
jack van impe ministries
po box 7004, troy, mi 48007-7004
t: 248-852-2244
e-mail: jvimi@jvim.com
 




                    © copyright 2025 jack van impe ministries                



















