










home | brunswick high school










 


          skip to main content
        
















 












translate this page
























brunswick high school

excellence in all we do





 

 

x


main navigation


home


about bhs +


directions to bhs


safety and emergency management


staff directory




media center


news & events +


school newspaper


school calendar




parents & students +


bhs student/parent handbook


bhs student/parent handbook


bell schedules


attendance


conduct


dress code


electronic device policy/parking


lockers




extracurricular


athletics


band boosters


clubs


drama


minority essence


nhs


sgc




ptsa


safe & sane


school supplies


yearbook




counseling




 
 







 





search



search








x


 
 




 
































railroader links

alumni transcript request
attendance
"b" award brochure
duplicate diploma request
mva attendance verification for learner's permit
schedule change request form
school cash online
student handbook
tutoring - brainfuse helpnow
vacation/college visit approval form
work permit instructions





bhs athletic event emergency action plan

bhs athletic event emergency action plan




resources


fcps nutrition services
 

fcps-fcc dual enrollment information

frederick county virtual school

career & technology center









welcome to brunswick high school
 

 
2024 - 2025 club descriptions & advisors








fcps email & text alerts

fcps is utilizing schoolmessenger to provide sms text and email updates with our community! 
our goal, as always, is to ensure our community finds out first about important information, news, e-newsletters, and events. fcps and individual schools will both use schoolmessenger.
text alerts service
parents, guardians, and staff, you can take advantage of our findoutfirst (fof) text messaging service. 

ensure your mobile device is on file with your school(s). you’ll want to make sure you have provided an accurate email address as well to get important email information!  it’s that simple! 
text “y” or “yes” to our district’s short code number: 67587.
you can also opt out of these messages at any time by simply replying to one of our text messages with “stop.” please note: opting out means missing out on urgent messages from your school(s) and fcps, including weather-related closings and emergency information. 

schoolmessenger does not charge recipients for text messages they receive; however, wireless providers may charge for individual text messages, depending on the plan associated with the wireless device.
more details
data privacy
schoolmessenger is compliant with the student privacy pledge, so your information is safe and will never be given or sold to anyone. 
sms defined
sms stands for short message service and is commonly referred to as a text message. most cell phones support this type of text messaging. schoolmessenger uses a true sms protocol developed by the telecommunications industry, specifically for mass text messaging, referred to as a “short code” texting. this method is fast, secure, and highly reliable because it is strictly regulated by the wireless carriers and only allows access to approved providers.







volunteer in fcps

fcps is fortunate to have family and community members join efforts in supporting our students and schools with their time and talents. there are many ways to get involved and volunteer in and out of our schools. 
for more information on the volunteer program, please see our fcps volunteer handbook. 
because safety is of utmost importance, all volunteers, regardless of their role, are required to complete mandatory volunteer training. please keep in mind that this is an annual process (july-june) that takes place and must be completed every school year. 
want to be a fcps volunteer?
the first step of the process is to follow these detailed directions (instrucciones detalladas en español) on how to create an account in unified talent and then how to complete the two required trainings. after you complete your trainings, you will receive an email with the next steps in the process. please be aware that the process can take 48-72 hours and must be completed prior to you volunteering for fcps.
if you are a current fcps employee who is interested in volunteering, you must complete the volunteer training listed under your recommended courses on your unified talent home page.
 




parking permit information

 please visit the main office for parking permit information.

to apply for a student parking permit use your fcps account and go to
student parking permit form






senior information


senior calendar of events
cap and gown ordering information:
qr code for packages
link to purchase cap, gown & tassle only

 
senior class advisors
caroline schlegel - caroline.schlegel@fcps.org
john yoho – john.yoho@fcps.org
 







scholarships
national naval officers association scholarship
dwight b. jacobus scholarships
horatio alger association scholarships (for juniors only)
md assoc for environmental education (maeoe)
orrstown bank foundation scholarship
optimist club of frederick scholarship
frederick health auxiliary scholarship
zaching against cancer foundation scholarship
hagan scholarship foundation
rotary club of carroll creek scholarship
burkittsville ruritan scholarship
episcopal orphan house scholarship fund
brunswick masonic lodge scholarships
masonic charities of maryland scholarship
mml frederick county chapter scholarship
sandra cox giving back to brunswick scholarship
catoctin fish and game association scholarship
nymeo scholarships
kappa kappa iota sorority scholarship
model railroad scholarship program
 

















x


fcps links


2024-25 school year information


fcps.org


athletics


boe


bus delay notifications


calendar handbook


enrolling a student


fcps tv


forms


free and reduced price meals


report bullying


school cash online


school meals


schoology


student code of conduct


volunteer training and registration






 






school information



brunswick high school
101 cummings drive
brunswick, md 21716



principal
eric schwarzenegger


phone
227-203-3200
fax
227-203-3201


school hours
7:30 am - 2:15 pm
































entire contents copyright © - all rights reserved. reproduction of this publication in any form without prior written permission is forbidden.
frederick county public schools is not responsible for the content of externally authored links included on fcps web pages.
© 2025 brunswick high school - frederick county public schools - maryland




⇡




              this site uses cookies. by continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
            i agree














