 

















  













publishing scholarly archaeology since 1997



log in | 
                                                                        my account | 
                                                                        basket
twitter
facebook
linkedin

advanced search







home books
 all books
 browse by time period
 browse by geographical area
 browse by subject area
 browse by series
 browse by imprint
 browse by author
 advanced search

 journals open access
 open access
 access archaeology

 digital subscriptions
 digital subscriptions
 metadata

 publish with us
 publish with us
 archaeopress archaeology
 access archaeology
 testimonials

 mailing list information
 contact us
 accessibility statement
 ordering information
 trade sales
 review copies
 photography credits

 about us
 our history
 british archaeological reports
 company information
 contact us

 blog














cave artby paul bahnpaperback: £24.99 | ebook: £9.99for speleologists and holidaymakers alike, here is an essential handbook.
hadrian's wall in our timeed. david j. breezepaperback: £24.99over 80 contributors offer personal reflections on this evocative roman frontier.










publishing scholarly archaeology since 1997
log in | my account | basket
twitter
facebook
linkedin

advanced search







latest publicationsarchaeological excavations at holme hall quarry, south yorkshirefrancis m. morristhis volume documents the results from large-scale archaeological investigations at holme hall quarry on the magnesian limestone ridge, south yorkshire. the main occupation of the site occurred during the roman period when two rural farmsteads were constructed and a field system with associated droveways and enclosures imposed across the landscape. read morepaperback: £40.00 | open access el paisaje en el antiguo egiptoantonio muñoz herreraarchaeopress egyptology 50this study integrates landscape archaeology and cognitive neuroscience to explore ancient egyptian funerary practices. it examines how landscapes influenced cultural evolution, using case studies in umm el-qaab and thebes. the research redefines the cultural role of landscapes, highlighting their dynamic influence on ancient egyptian culture. read morepaperback: £52.00 | ebook: £16.00 harbours of the aegean in late antiquity and the medieval periodalkiviadis ginalisa comprehensive study of aegean harbours and maritime connectivity, focusing on both major and local infrastructures. it provides a framework for interpreting coastal facilities and examines the byzantine east's port networks. thessaly serves as a case study, with diverse maritime landscapes and activities from late antiquity to the middle ages. read morepaperback: £55.00 | ebook: £16.00 a legacy of learning in near eastern archaeologyed. peter lacovarahelene j. kantor (july 15, 1919-january 13, 1993) was one of the last of the great generalists of the ancient world. this volume celebrates her scholarship with articles covering her wide-ranging interests with important studies on ancient egypt, the aegean, iran and classical civilization. read morepaperback: £35.00 | ebook: £16.00 the oasis papers 7ed. gillian e. bowen et al.dakleh oasis project monograph 25this tribute to professor fred leemhuis reflects his diverse interests in egyptology and islamic studies, with a focus on al-qasr in dakhleh. topics include medieval and ottoman archaeology, burial practices, ceramics, rock art, qur’anic translations, and modern egyptian traditions, alongside accounts of wwi hostilities in the oases. read morepaperback: £55.00 | ebook: £16.00 groma: issue 8 2023enrico giorgi et al.groma: documenting archaeology 8vol 8 of groma, an open access peer-reviewed journal focusing on the different methodologies applied to archaeology. particular attention is paid to mediterranean archaeology and to specific methodological aspects such as archaeological documentation and landscape archaeology. read morepaperback: £50.00 | open access koinon vii, 2024nicholas j. molinarikoinon: the international journal of classical numismatic studies 7volume vii includes nine papers on greek coinage and two roman, one ottoman and a final paper in the medieval, and early modern section, followed by a catalog of varieties. read morepaperback: £50.00 | ebook: £16.00 ash-sharq: bulletin of the ancient near east no 8 1-2, 2024ed. laura battiniash-sharq: bulletin of the ancient near east 8ash-sharq is a journal devoted to short articles on the archaeology, history and society of the ancient near east. read morepaperback: £72.00 | ebook: £10.00 calaforno 1: l’ipogeo e il territorioed. pietro militellopraehistorica mediterranaea excavation series 1the hypogeum of calaforno is one of the most intriguing structures of prehistoric sicily, an underground sequence of 35 chambers preceded by a vestibule and a megalithic entrance, built in the late copper age. the book presents the results of the investigations inside the hypogeum between 2013-2017. read morepaperback: £60.00 | ebook: £16.00 deux campagnes de prospections au yémen: 1992 – 1993ed. michel moutoninternational association for the study of arabia monographs 21surveys by the french archaeological mission in jawf-ḥaḍramawt (1992–1993) documented prehistoric and protohistoric sites along the palaeo-river. despite informal data, findings offer insights into yemen's archaeological map, including prehistoric, bronze age, and south arabian sites, and inscriptions amid changes to the modern landscape. read morepaperback: £35.00 | ebook: £16.00 rei cretariae romanae fautorum: acta 48ed. catarina viegasrei cretaria romanae fautorum 2024papers from the rcrf 2022 athens conference explore roman pottery manufacturing and trade in the eastern mediterranean and beyond. featuring 60 articles, it examines typologies, production, trade, and cultural transformations, offering new insights into ancient economies and societies from the hellenistic to late antique periods. read morehardback: £110.00 art and the senses in ancient americaed. maría luisa vázquez de ágredos pascual et al.archaeopress pre-columbian archaeology 19this book explores the materiality and sensory dimensions of pre-columbian art in mesoamerica and the andes. chapters examine the physicochemical study of raw materials, sensory arts like music and cuisine, and the sociocultural meanings of textures, sounds, and scents, linking ancient practices to modern indigenous traditions. read morepaperback: £50.00 | ebook: £16.00 journal of greek archaeology volume 9 2024john bintliff et al.journal of greek archaeology 9vol. 9 includes proceedings of a conference held in athens (2023) offering a rich overview of the application of gis in excavation and survey contexts in greece and the eastern mediterranean. further papers cover prehistory through to medieval times, and a final paper providing a detailed survey of the history of female archaeologists in greece. read morepaperback: £96.00 | ebook: £25.00 tartesoed. clara toscano-pérez et al.this monograph, stemming from the 2022 international congress on protohistoric urbanism, explores the origins of urbanism, focusing on the tartessian world in southwest iberia. featuring 13 chapters by 20 experts, it examines urbanism as a mediterranean-born adaptation tied to humanity's shift toward a global economic strategy. read morepaperback: £50.00 | open access reading ancient objects inside out: greek figure-decorated pottery in portugaled. rui morais et al.collected papers examine ancient greek vases in portugal through two approaches: scripta explores mythological, literary, and cultural themes, while eikon provides an iconographic analysis. the study includes vases from myths, gods and heroes and others of historical importance, including non-figurative examples. read morepaperback: £60.00 | ebook: £16.00 the theater at stobielizabeth r. gebhardarchaeopress roman archaeology 120this volume explores stobi's marble theater, uncovered in 1924, revealing its construction in the late 1st or early 2nd century ad. excavations uncovered an earlier, lower structure, later integrated. post c. 300 ad, apparent earthquake damage led the cavea and scene-building to be repaired and the orchestra to be enclosed as a permanent arena. read morepaperback: £48.00 | open access documenting elkabw. vivian daviesthis volume details the oxford epigraphic expedition's recent work (2017–2020, 2022) on the pharaonic monuments of elkab, focusing on the main rock-necropolis tombs, and coptic ostraca from hagr edfu. it includes five reports and bibliographies of earlier studies at both sites. read morepaperback: £35.00 | free download | ebook institution: £9.99 close to the edge: excavations of five cornish coastal barrowsandy m. jonesa report of recent excavation of five early bronze age barrows undertaken by cornwall archaeological unit. all are complex monuments revealing episodes of remodelling and reuse. despite being broadly comparable with similar radiocarbon determinations, there are major differences in both the form and intensity of activity between the barrows. read morepaperback: £40.00 | ebook: £16.00 visualising glocalizationrubén montoya gonzálezarchaeopress roman archaeology 123glocalization can be defined as globalization refracted through the local. this book applies the glocalization framework to an archaeological dataset composed of a selection of partially and fully excavated villas, their associated architectural spaces, and pavements from hispania baetica between the 2nd and the 4th centuries ad. read morepaperback: £55.00 | ebook: £16.00 human societies facing climate change: volume 3françois djindjianunion internationale des sciences préhistoriques et protohistoriques 3collected papers from a symposium organized by the international academy of prehistory and protohistory (aipp) in paris, 2023. the chosen theme “determinisms in prehistoric societies: climate change, environments, functional constraints and cultural traditions” is part of the project “human societies in the face of climate change”. read morepaperback: £45.00 | open access 犍陀罗美术与希腊—罗马世界：简明导论peter stewartthis book offers an introduction to gandharan art and the mystery of its relationship with the graeco-roman world of the mediterranean. it presents an accessible explanation of the ancient and modern contexts of gandharan art, the state of scholarship on the subject, and guidance for further, in-depth study. chinese language edition. read morepaperback: £24.99 | open access life and death in roman carlislematthew s. hobsonarchaeopress roman archaeology 122finds from a roman cremation cemetery in carlisle offer an important study of burials and identity in the region. excavated graves, including rare richly furnished burials, reveal cultural ties to the nervii of gallia belgica and suggest a nervian presence in early roman carlisle linked to military recruitment and local pottery production. read morepaperback: £40.00 | open access gematon: living and dying in a kushite town on the nile, volume ivanna m. davies-barrett et al.sudan archaeological research society publication 30this volume covers bioarchaeological findings from the sudan archaeological research society’s 1997-2018 kawa excavations, focusing on human and animal bones. human skeletons were meticulously documented and preserved, while archaeozoologists studied fragile animal bones. additional materials supplement volume i for context on kawa's cemetery. read morehardback: £60.00 | open access travellers in ottoman lands iied. ines asceric-todd et al.travellers in ottoman lands 2this volume has a special focus on the ottoman balkans and anatolia as seen and described by travellers from both within and outside the region. 26 papers shed valuable light on the topics of christian-muslim and east-west relations, and the transition from the ottoman empire to successor nation-states in the 19th and early 20th centuries. read morepaperback: £70.00 | ebook: £16.00 gematon: living and dying in a kushite town on the nile, volume iied. derek a. welsbysudan archaeological research society publication 28this volume documents the sudan archaeological research society’s 1997-2018 excavations at kawa, sudan, with topographical mapping and digs across urban sites and the kushite cemetery. recovered artefacts, from pottery shards to dressed stone blocks, highlight the site’s diverse material culture and ancient rituals. read morehardback: £90.00 | open access late antique stamped amphorae as evidence for imperial policyed. charikleia diamantithe halasarna workshop on cos island reveals insights into late antique (5th-7th c.) imperial policy via stamped amphorae. research finds lra 1 stamps marked at city level, lra 13 at state level, under imperial oversight. excavations show cos’s quaestor exercitus controlled lra 13 production, offering key historical and archaeological context. read morepaperback: £35.00 | ebook: £16.00 in search of the dioskouroi. image, myth and cultsarah v. grahamthis book re-examines the greek dioskouroi, kastor and polydeukes, exploring their roles in image, myth, and cult. case studies focus on their homelands in myth – sparta, messene, and argos – and areas where greek mariners sought their protection. findings suggest that, for the greeks, the term ‘dioskouroi’ may have held a specific votive meaning. read morepaperback: £48.00 | ebook: £16.00 water supply and water management in the metal agesed. dirk brandherm et al.union internationale des sciences préhistoriques et protohistoriquesproceedings from the 2022 metal ages colloquium in ankara. topics include water supply and management, copper metallurgy, pottery, and combat techniques, spanning the chalcolithic to late iron age across iran to iberia, with a focus on artefact archaeometry. read morehardback: £50.00 | open access plain of plenty: farming practices, food production, and the agricultural potential of the late bronze age (1600–1200 bce) argive plain, greeceriia elina timonenthe argive plain was central to late bronze age mycenaean culture. renowned for its settlements and treasures, less is known about its agricultural sustainability. this study examines mycenaean farming in the argive plain and its societal implications, investigating if resource depletion contributed to the bronze age collapse. read morepaperback: £48.00 | open access the north pennines from prehistory to presentpaul frodsham et al.the first comprehensive survey of the archaeology of the north pennines, from mesolithic to modern times. traces of 10,000 years of human activity survive today, including flint scatters at mesolithic campsites, earthworks of prehistoric and later settlements and field systems, and extensive remnants of the post-medieval ‘miner-farmer’ landscape. read morepaperback: £48.00 | ebook: £16.00 digging lincolnmichael j. jonesarchaeological livesa uniquely personal account of how a record of the city of lincoln's rich archaeology was recorded from the time of the early antiquaries through to the commercially funded professional teams of today, by someone who was closely involved in a senior capacity for over half a century. read morepaperback: £25.00 | ebook: £9.99 ausgewählte kleine schriften zur römischen antike (1974–2024)günther e. thüryarchaeopress roman archaeology 118a selection of fifty papers produced over the course of fifty years, supplemented here with epilogues considering developments in the field since first publication. they cover a wide range of topics in antiquity; roman provincial archaeology; classical philology; epigraphy; numismatics; archaeobiology; history of medicine; and history of sexuality. read morepaperback: £65.00 | ebook: £16.00 the early bronze age seal-impressed vessels from ḫirbet ez-zeraqōnvalentina tumolosealing practices were widespread across the mediterranean and southwest asia from prehistoric to historic times. this study is based on the author’s analysis of the large assemblage of impressed ceramics from the site of ḫirbet ez-zeraqōn in northern jordan. read morepaperback: £75.00 | ebook: £16.00 magia y brujería en el mundo antiguoed. josé javier martínez garcía et al.11 papers analyse magic and witchcraft in their different aspects and forms in the ancient world from an international and multidisciplinary perspective. case studies come from egypt, the greek and roman world and from late antiquity, and even cover the reception of ancient magic in the modern world. read morepaperback: £45.00 | free download | ebook institution: £9.99 hyblaea: studi di archeologia e topografia dell’altopiano ibleo. volume 2ed. antonino cannata et al.the second hyblaea highlights interesting new elements on different themes relating to the archaeology and ancient topography of the southern cusp of sicily, with reference to a broad chronological span that reaches from prehistory to the end of the iron age and the first phases of greek penetration. read morepaperback: £35.00 | free download | ebook institution: £9.99 journal of hellenistic pottery and material culture volume 7 2023ed. renate rosenthal-heginbottom et al.journal of hellenistic pottery and material culture 7volume 7 of jhp, an independent learned journal dedicated to the research of ceramics and objects of daily use of the hellenistic period in the mediterranean region and beyond. read morepaperback: £50.00 adolescente de jalpanmaría teresa muñoz espinosathis book proposes an interpretation of the iconographic elements and an iconological analysis of the huastec sculpture of the so-called "adolescente de jalpan", which seems to be related to the iconography and iconology associated with the god quetzalcoatl and his twin brother, xolotl. read morepaperback: £30.00 | free download | ebook institution: £9.99 on the paths of prehistorydario calderoneusing various research methods and sources, the author identifies natural pathways in milena, central-southern sicily, that were likely used throughout prehistory to reach the coasts from this inland region that continued to be used in more recent historical periods, including the roman period and the middle ages. read morepaperback: £30.00 multicultural mankind: an exploration of portugal’s worldwide archaeological and cultural heritageed. marco valente et al.how is portuguese archaeological cultural heritage reflected today as traces of its colonial expansion through the world? the editors gathered 25 contributors from a wide variety of countries to explore this theme: brazil, cape verde islands, china, india, japan, méxico, morocco, namibia, portugal, saint thomas & prince islands and spain. read morepaperback: £70.00 | free download | ebook institution: £9.99 roman military tribunes (first century bc to third century ad): a historical and prosopographical study. volume iireneusz łućarchaeopress roman archaeology 121a historical and prosopographical study of the romans who held the military rank of tribune and served between the 1st century bc and the 3rd century ad, presented across three volumes. this volume (i) presents a catalogue of 285 romans, divided into tribuni militum in exercitu and tribuni militum in praetorio. read morepaperback: £45.00 | open access mirroring worlds: rural domestic spaces through multidisciplinarity in late antiquity and the early middle agesed. silvia berrica et al.this book aims to connect the domestic spaces of rural settlements from late antiquity to the early middle ages periods with other rural contexts, such as cemeteries or production areas, which were also part of the living and organisational dynamics of the communities that inhabited them. read morepaperback: £38.00 | free download | ebook institution: £9.99 antiguo oriente: vol. 21 2023ed. romina della casa et al.antiguo oriente 21vol. 21 of antiguo oriente for 2023. antor is the annual, peer-reviewed, scholarly journal published by the center of studies of ancient near eastern history (cehao). the journal publishes manuscripts related to the history of societies of the ancient near east and the eastern mediterranean from the paleolithic to the early islamic period. read morepaperback: £50.00 an irish civil war dugout: tormore cave, county sligomarion dowd et al.combining archaeology, local and military histories, community recollections, and landscape studies, this groundbreaking study, the first excavation of a civil war site in ireland, facilitates a wider discussion of the role of dugouts in guerrilla warfare and offers a unique view on the irish revolutionary period at a regional and national scale. read morehardback: £38.00 | open access archaeological excavations at little paxton quarry huntingdonshire, cambridgeshirejames fairclough et al.archaeological excavations at little paxton quarry, huntingdonshire, cambridgeshire were undertaken by mola 2017-2021 reveal evidence of neolithic pits, a middle bronze age cremation cemetery, and more. permanent occupation took place from the middle iron age period, with one settlement continuing into the middle roman period. read morepaperback: £38.00 | ebook: £16.00 how to read ancient textsanthony j. frendothis book foregrounds the principles of interpretation that scholars employ when reading ancient inscriptions. in order to better come to grips with canaanite, such as phoenician, inscriptions, we need to first understand how people wrote and read texts in the ancient mediterranean world, including that of the greeks and romans. read morepaperback: £35.00 | open access frontiers of the roman empire: the roman frontier in georgiaradosław karasiewicz-szczypiorski et al.frontiers of the roman empirean accessible summary of the history of the roman frontier in georgia, placed into its wider context by a supporting essay from david breeze looking at the whole roman frontier as an interconnected world heritage site. read morepaperback: £19.99 | open access spring archaeology: atti del convegno, siena 27-29 ottobre 2022ed. andrea bellotti et al.spring archaeology provides young researchers and professionals working in italy with an opportunity to showcase their work. the presentations and posters focus on the application of new technologies in archaeology, the study of material culture, public archaeology projects, advances in research, and considerations on methodological issues. read morepaperback: £55.00 | free download | ebook institution: £9.99 there and back again: afro-eurasian exchange in the neolithic and bronze age periodsed. marie nicole pareja et al.this book evaluates the evidence for indirect connections between the aegean and the indus extending back to the third and fourth millennia bce, particularly commodities such as tin and lapis lazuli, and discusses recently discovered objects, new methods of materials analysis techniques and topics, as well as iconographic investigation. read morepaperback: £35.00 | ebook: £16.00 coming of age: ethics and biological anthropology in the 21st centuryed. vanessa campanacho et al.a collection of papers from anthroethics 2021 consider ethical issues related to biological anthropology. it combines views from people working in various countries and continents, allowing for a worldview on ethical discussions within biological anthropology. read morepaperback: £45.00 | free download | ebook institution: £9.99 a history of the congress of roman frontier studies 1949-2024david j. breeze et al.archaeological livesthis volume celebrates the twenty-sixth congress of roman frontier studies. it presents the history of the congress accompanied by photographs and reminiscences from participants, a story populated by many of the well-known archaeologists of the last 75 years and, indeed, earlier as the genesis of the congress lies in the inter-war years. read morepaperback: £38.00 | open access current research in egyptology 2023ed. l. dogaer et al.current research in egyptology 2023collecting 22 selected papers from the twenty-third current research in egyptology conference, topics include language and literature, archaeology and material culture, society and religion, archival research, intercultural relations, reports on archaeological excavations and methodological issues, regarding all periods of ancient egypt. read morepaperback: £45.00 | free download | ebook institution: £9.99 thermalism in the roman provincesed. silvia gonzález souteloarchaeopress roman archaeology 117this book is focused on the role of thermal establishments with mineral-medicinal waters in the different territories of the roman empire, including their symbiosis with the landscape as well as the ways in which their construction was adapted to give greater comfort to those who came to take advantage of their health-giving properties. read morepaperback: £45.00 | open access 
forthcoming publicationsergasteria: premises and processes of creation in antiquityed. elena c. partida et al.this volume presents 23 papers that offer insights into aspects of creation, manufacture and processing in antiquity, viewing craftsmen and artists in their socio-cultural and geopolitical setting. new finds from greece, north africa, the black sea, italy and central europe provide a trigger for discussion. read morepaperback: £65.00 the black sea: hub of peoples and cultures (8th century bc–5th/6th century ad)ed. gocha r. tsetskhladze et al.proceedings of the seventh international congress on black sea antiquities, (thessaloniki, 2022), this volume brings together leading scholars from across europe and beyond to showcase new research on the diverse cultures, interactions, and archaeological discoveries that shaped the black sea region in antiquity. read morepaperback: £80.00 the cult of st swithunmichael lapidgethe anglo-saxon minsters of winchester 2winchester studies 4.2following the translation of his relics from a conspicuous tomb into the old minster, winchester, the massive rebuilding of the cathedral, and a vigorous publicity campaign by bishop aethelwold (963-84), st swithun became one of the most popular and important english saints, whose cult was widespread in england, ireland, scandinavia, and france. read morehardback: £115.00 survey of medieval winchesterderek keenewinchester studies 2this survey is based on a reconstruction of the histories of the houses, plots, gardens, and fields in the city and suburbs of winchester between c. 1300 and c. 1540. the reconstruction presents a gazetteer of 1,128 histories of properties, with accounts of 56 parish churches and the international fair of st giles, all illustrated by detailed maps. read morehardback: £210.00 codename sicilywar: archaeology, museums, and social networks under threat in sicily during world war iiantonino crisàthis text examines the impact of wwii on sicily's archaeological sites and museums. it explores how authorities managed archaeological finds, reconstructs social networks during the war, and compares sicily's situation to other european contexts, using newly-discovered documents and a multidisciplinary approach. read morepaperback: £95.00 property and piety in early medieval winchesteralexander r. rumblethe anglo-saxon minsters of winchester 3winchester studies 4.3winchester in the anglo-saxon and early norman periods was an important royal and religious centre. this volume comprises an edition and translation, with extensive commentary, of thirty-three anglo-saxon and norman documents relating to the topography and minsters of early medieval winchester. read morehardback: £58.00 winchester in the early middle agesed. martin biddlewinchester studies 1this volume provides a full edition, translation, and analyses of the winton domesday and of the city depicted therein, drawing on the evidence derived from archaeological excavation and historical research in the city since 1961, on personal- and place-name evidence, and on contemporary advances in anglo-saxon numismatics. read morehardback: £96.00 the people of early winchestered. caroline m. stuckertwinchester studies 9.1this volume traces the lives, health, and diseases of winchester's inhabitants as seen in their skeletal remains from the mid-3rd to mid-16th century, a period of over 1,300 years. it offers a continuous chronological window, rather than a series of isolated studies, and is notable for the large sample of 8th-10th century anglo-saxon burials. read morehardback: £80.00 object and economy in medieval winchestermartin biddleartefacts from medieval winchester 2winchester studies 7.2over 6000 objects were recovered during the winchester excavations (1961-1971), offering insight not only into the industries and arts, but the economic, cultural, and social life of medieval winchester. this volume covers all the objects from the finest products of the anglo-saxon goldsmith’s skill to the iron tenter-hooks of the cloth industry. read morehardback: £195.00 bridging the gap: disciplines, times, and spaces in dialogue – volume 2ed. nathalie kallasvolume 2 compiles papers presented in three enlightening sessions: session 3 – visual and textual forms of communication; session 7 – the future of the past. archaeologists and historians in cultural heritage studies; and session 8 – produce, consume, repeat. history and archaeology of ancient near eastern economies. read morepaperback: £55.00 from the adriatic to the alps: transport and trade networks in roman and late antique northern italyjames pagearchaeopress roman archaeology 125examines inland trade in roman northern italy, revealing complex dynamics beyond the proximity of coastlines. using datasets of amphorae, finewares, and marble, it highlights the importance of transport costs, river networks, and trans-mountain trade, showing diverse consumption patterns and the interplay between cost and consumer choice. read morepaperback: £40.00 vivir en la edad de hieloelle clifford et al.this colourful book, aimed at younger readers, takes you on a highly illustrated journey through daily life in ice age europe, and tells you the things you’d need to know to survive! explore the types of houses, food, clothes and toys people created, and their relationship with the natural environment. spanish language edition. read morepaperback: £17.99 instrumentum navis. le àncore litiche e plumbee della soprintendenza del mare della regione sicilianavalentina purpurathis study, in collaboration with the superintendency of the sea of the sicilian region, catalogs lithic, leaden, and metal anchors from sicily's underwater environment. it includes historical research on anchor types, navigation, and ports, and lays the foundations to create a digital map of findings using gis for future research. read morepaperback: £40.00 a comprehensive survey of rock art in upper tibet: volume ivjohn vincent bellezzafocusing on the western half of stod, this is the fourth in a series of five volumes that comprehensively document rock art in upper tibet. it examines a panoply of graphic evidence found on stone surfaces, supplying an unprecedented view of the long-term development of culture and religion on a large swathe of the tibetan plateau. read morepaperback: £175.00 a dramatic event in late roman florenceed. elsa paccianiarchaeopress roman archaeology 124a multi-disciplinary investigation beneath the uffizi gallery in florence uncovered an emergency burial site from the late 4th to early 5th century ad. likely due to an epidemic, this discovery sheds new light on a dramatic, undocumented event in the city's history, revealing its historical and socioeconomic context. read morepaperback: £35.00 arqueología de las comunidades rurales en la península ibéricaed. sofía rojas miguel et al.this book explores the archaeology of rural communities in the iberian peninsula, examining settlement organization, environment, beliefs, trade, resource use, and socioeconomic changes from prehistory to today. it highlights unpublished data, historical interpretation, and archaeology's role in cultural tourism and public history. read morepaperback: £45.00 the swash channel wreckdavid parham et al.this volume details the discovery, excavation, and analysis of a 17th-century dutch shipwreck, likely the fame of hoorn. found in 1990 and re-discovered in 2006, it underwent extensive excavation. it is one of the most complete shipwrecks of its kind outside the baltic, offering insights into its construction and life on board. read morepaperback: £35.00 archaeological stones and their macroscopic identificationjames a. harrellthis book provides archaeologists with a clear and comprehensive explanation of how to recognize the archaeologically important rocks and minerals. it does this using only their macroscopic properties, which are those that can be observed with the unaided eye or, at most, with a low-power magnifying glass. read morepaperback: £45.00 a mosaic of recollectionsdavid s. nealarchaeological livesdavid s. neal's autobiography chronicles his journey from a working-class boy in war-torn london to a renowned expert in roman mosaics. his career spans from graphic design to archaeological illustration, leading excavations, and publishing significant works on roman and medieval mosaics. read morepaperback: £35.00 


browse all books







blog
news
mailing list









archaeopress publishing ltd
first and second floor
13-14 market square
bicester
oxfordshire ox26 6ad
united kingdom
tel +44 (0) 1865 311914 | fax +44 (0) 1865 512231 | email info@archaeopress.com



terms & conditions
privacy & cookie policy
shipping & returns
sitemap







© archaeopress publishing ltd. all rights reserved



 












