
















blackstone group | passion. innovation. insight.





































 














home
our team
solutions
industries
capabilities
new releases
contact
 

login







direct line: 312-868-9628



select page


  
 



 



 











 




insights that drive performance
					no matter what industry you’re in or what question you need answered, our experienced researchers can help you. we provide a wide range of data collection methods and our global network allows us to reach 95% of the world’s markets.
				
our capabilities

contact us




 
 
 



 
 
 






brand research
					image, positioning, segmentation and branding are closely interrelated. let the blackstone group help you reveal connections between these dimensions, in order to enhance and fine tune your brand in the eyes of your customers.
				
learn more

 




online qual/quant
					blackstone group’s hybrid online methodology provides both qualitative and quantitative perspectives from online focus groups and integrated, individually administered questionnaires.
				
learn more

 




online dashboards
					our powerful online interactive dashboards allow you to extract rich, telling stories from multiple, integrated data sources on an ad hoc basis from anywhere in the world.
				
learn more

 




corporate civic engagement monitor
cce
an in depth quarterly deep dive into evolving consumer civic expectations of their favorite companies and brands in the covid and black lives matter era.
				
learn more

 
 
 





 


about us
					blackstone group is a collection of international researchers, committed to delivering the best possible solutions to our clients. each possesses the unique ability to provide strategic consulting, while still managing the precision and quality control necessary in marketing research.
				
our team

 
 
   
 
 



abouthome
our team
  servicessolutions
industries
capabilities
  connect with us  contact

   privacy statement

    
 


©2020 blackstone group  

 
 
 































