


metro reunion registry
















metro reunion registry
(an international registry)















the metro reunion registry serves
as a repository of information pertaining to adoption searches by all members of the triad that have been affected by adoption.  registrations include nearly every state, canada, and over 20 foreign countries.  information
is entered into the database upon receipt.  in the event of a
match with existing data, or a match with new incoming data, you
will be notified immediately.


like this site?


please help keep this registry free


there are no fees for this service, however, your donations
are what helps keep this free service free. registration is not contingent upon a donation nor will you be denied the use of any information or service due to the lack of a donation.  donations are used to offset the cost of equipment, supplies, telephone service, isp fees, web hosting fees, and other expenses related to maintaining the registry.  information contained within this site is completely free of charge.










legislative updates

get involved in the action to change the laws concerning access to adoption records.  click the button below to see if there is any activity in your state.  contact information is provided for each state listed.  this information provided courtesy of the american adoption congress  http://www.americanadoptioncongress.org/state.php





it's never too late

have you ever wondered if you had waited too long to search? for a story that proves that it's never too late, click here




privacy
your concerns for privacy are understood and appreciated and that is why the only portion of your information that is accessible on the web site is what you see when you click "browse the registered dates".  the remainder of your registration information is considered confidential and is not revealed to anyone unless there is a confirmed match (see "what to do in case of a possible match"), and then information is released only with your permission.


notice----------notice----------notice

beware of scammers

it appears that scammers are targeting those registries that post personal and contact information on their web sites to obtain information to feed their scamming activities.  click here to read an actual scammer email sent to an adoptee attempting to obtain more information.
special note
information is released only to members of the triad or their immediate families.  professional searchers, search angels and other volunteers can help you get your search started, but in the end the only person that can receive information is the adoptee/birthparent/sibling, or other birth family member involved.       



registrants are responsible for the accuracy of all
information submitted.

you are not expected to have all of the requested information.
 we just try to cover all the possibilities, so fill in as much
as you can. more information improves the chances of making a match.  it is surprising the number of times that what might be considered an insignificant piece of information is the final determining factor in a match.



(registry last updated 05/10/2018)



browse the registered dates








1900-1939



1940-1941



1942-1943




1944-1945




1946-1947






1948-1949




1950-1951




1952-1953




1954-1955




1956-1957






1958-1959




1960




1961




1962




1963






1964




1965




1966




1967




1968






1969




1970




1971




1972




1973






1974




1975




1976




1977




1978






1979




1980




1981




1982




1983-1995









not everyone searching has the luxury of having an exact or complete date of birth of the person they are searching for.  check the unknown dob listing which is sorted by city of birth.

browse unknown dob listing





what to do in case of a possible match


use your browser's "back" button to return to this page after browsing the registered dates or the unknown dob listing.  if you see a possible match in either listing, complete the registration form and include in the "comments" section "possible match with #(record number)".  identifying information pertaining to current registrants is considered confidential and will not be released until a final determination of a match has been made.  therefore, it is imperative that you provide as much information as possible.  withholding information only delays the process of making a determination.  responsibility for final determination on "possible matches" rests with the registry administrator.





updating your registration
go to the registration form and enter your name, status (i.e. adoptee, birth mother, etc.) and e-mail address.  enter the changes in the appropriate blanks.  enter a remark in the "comments" section such as "update to reg #0000"




notice

please read before completing the registration form

any registration that does not have a full name, complete mailing address, telephone number, and a valid e-mail address will not be entered in the registry.  this information is required if you want to be contacted in the event of a match.


keeping contact information current is your responsibility.  we will make two (2) attempts to contact you via e-mail in case of a match or the need for more information.  if there is no response after two attempts, your registration will be tagged "pls update"  and no further attempt will be made to contact you unless we receive updated contact information.





deleted registrations

registrations will be deleted in those instances where we have attempted to contact registrants via e-mail, snail-mail or telephone and have been unable to make contact.  if you do not see your registration, it is possible that it has been deleted due to outdated contact information.  to view a list of those that have been deleted, click the button below.





effective 02/01/2003 we will no longer delete registrations if we have tried to contact you and received no response.  your registration will be annotated "pls update" (to indicate no valid contact information) under the heading status.  to update the contact information in your registration, follow the instructions at updating your registration.





register here












were you adopted in district of columbia, maryland or virginia?
click a button below for more information











register with international soundex reunion registry
this is one of the most important steps in your search








links to other registries and information



international soundex reunion registry



england/wales search information


american adoption congress


state-by-state access to original birth certificates
]

state-by-state access to adoption records


arizona adoption records finder


adoption.com reunion registry


eyes wide open registry


world wide registry



virginia adoption registry



pa adoption reunion registry
parr
if you were born in pa, adopted in pa, terminated parental rights in pa or adopted a child in pa, this registry is for you



i.c.a.r.e.
a registry and resource for wisconsin adoptees & birth family members



tim's page
search/support for
hampton/newport news/norfolk, va
and surrounding areas



search & support groups nationwide
(formerly curry wolfe's "blue book")


adoption triad outreach
healing, support & information



pafind, an e-mail list for pennsylvania



pa adoption search menu



jlight's adoption search links



lia's links



cyndi's list of genealogy sites on the internet



g's adoption registry



genealogy search help in virginia



adoptee birthparent support network
washington, dc metropolitan area
search/support group





encore
support for all members of the triad
in the
baltimore metropolitan area





virginians for adoption reform and education
committed to changing virginia adoption laws and policy








click on the green ribbon above for more information









 





official uk birth, marriage and death certificates





recommended search related reading





if you have any concerns about the registry, please
feel free to contact

mrr
at
metroreunionregistry@cox.net







this page © copyright 1998-2018 metro reunion registry .

