



	personal military loans


















































admin@armedforcesloans.com












 log in



log in















forgot your password ?
















toggle navigation













home




about




to qualify




services



online application




faq




contact us


allotment details


live chat



































need a loan?

apply now
                                        











need a loan?

apply now
                                        












need a loan?

apply now
                                        























personal military loans are available up to $10,000 


apply now















army








navy








marines








air force








coast guard




















at ease, soldier. armed forces loans is here to help.
afl is the leading provider of personal military loans to all active-duty and career-retired military personnel serving the army, navy, air force, marines, and coast guard. get a loan to cover bills, car repairs, emergencies, and all your other needs.

military loans are available from $500 to $10,000
personalize your loan with flexible terms at competitive rates
no up front fees. ever.
no credit? no problem!

at armed forces loans we have a flexible approach towards evaluating your loan application. unless there are some serious issues with your credit history, we try our best to say yes. our military loan rates will vary depending on several factors such as your monthly income, past credit history, the amount and length of the loan, and current financial obligations.
we make loans with federal mapr's as low as 9.95%. there is no prepayment penalty if you pay off your loan early. your loan officer will determine the loan program you best qualify for, the amount and cost of your loan.










the armed forces loans guarantee
we guarantee your satisfaction 100% no questions asked. if for any reason you are not completely satisfied, return your loan within 15 days at no cost to you.
start your personal military loan application now
apply online


















armed forces loan

								6161 s. rainbow blvd ste. 100
								
								las vegas, nv 89118
								

send payments to:

                                po box 401484
                                
                                las vegas, nv 89140  
                                

p:
                                800 706-9676                
                                
f:
                                800 698-0914
								 
email
admin@armedforcesloans.com















menu



home




about




to qualify




services




faq




contact us
















armed forces loans of nevada inc is a private company and not affiliated with the us military or any other department of us government.
the actual loan amount, term, and mapr amount of loan that a customer qualifies for may vary based on credit determination and state law. minimum loan amounts vary by state.
example: loan amount $3,000, military annual percentage rate: 15.95%, number of payments 18, monthly payment: $188.50
maprs range from 9.95% – 35.95%
armed forces loans repayment terms range from 12 – 36 months with great payment options and alltoments are never a manditory method of payment.
the approval process may take longer if additional documents are requested. approval and loan terms will vary based on credit determination and state law.
funds can be deposited via ach for delivery next business day if approved by 2:30pm et monday-friday.
testimonials may not represent all individual experiences with armed forces loans.
funds can also be mailed to you if approved but may take up to 10 business days depending on location.













© 2015, armed forces loans of nevada inc. all rights reserved.
armed forces loans of nevada inc is a private company and not affiliated with the us military or any other department of us government. 












×






label




















