












azani medical spa | skincare, botox & wellness in lehigh valley


















































































































 navigation
about

about
more info
testimonials


services

aesthetic

face

[column]

lip filler augmentation
acne medical treatment
botox & dysport
chemical peels
dermal fillers | restylane
dermaplaning
face lift non surgical pdo threads
ipl photofacials
juvederm
kybella – double chin fat removal
ultherapy


[column]

medical grade facials
microblading
microneedling
prp facial rejuvenation
permanent makeup
under eye tear trough filler with restylane
blood facial
vibradermabrasion




body

botox for sweating
cellulite rf treatment bethlehem allentown
coolsculpting
hand rejuvenation
laser hair removal
medical marijuana
medical weight loss
pain treatment with rf
prp for hair loss & hair restoration
skin tightening
spider vein removal
weight loss semaglutide wegovy ozempic
weight loss tirzepatide mounjaro




anti-aging

bioidentical hormone replacement therapy
testosterone replacement therapy
im vitamins in bethlehem & allentown
erectile dysfunction
women’s libido & sexual health
breast thermography
cancer detection test
peptides for anti-aging


plastic surgery

[column]

body contouring
eyelid lift
liposuction
tummy tuck


[column]

breast augmentation
face lift
neck lift
upper arm lift


[column]

breast lift
fat transfer
thigh lift






specials/events
shop

skin care
nutraceuticals
gift certificates


blog

azani blog
q & a with dr. gavin


contact

contact us
request an appointment
location
patient forms
q & a with dr. gavin
























menuaboutaboutmore infotestimonials closeservicesaestheticfacelip filler augmentationacne medical treatmentbotox & dysportchemical peelsdermal fillers | restylanedermaplaningface lift non surgical pdo threadsipl photofacialsjuvedermkybella – double chin fat removalultherapymedical grade facialsmicrobladingmicroneedlingprp facial rejuvenationpermanent makeupunder eye tear trough filler with restylaneblood facialvibradermabrasionbodybotox for sweatingcellulite rf treatment bethlehem allentowncoolsculptinghand rejuvenationlaser hair removalmedical marijuanamedical weight losspain treatment with rfprp for hair loss & hair restorationskin tighteningspider vein removalweight loss semaglutide wegovy ozempicweight loss tirzepatide mounjaroanti-agingbioidentical hormone replacement therapytestosterone replacement therapyim vitamins in bethlehem & allentownerectile dysfunctionwomen’s libido & sexual healthbreast thermographycancer detection testpeptides for anti-agingplastic surgerybody contouringeyelid liftliposuctiontummy tuckbreast augmentationface liftneck liftupper arm liftbreast liftfat transferthigh lift closespecials/eventsshopskin carenutraceuticalsgift certificates closeblogazani blogq & a with dr. gavin closecontactcontact usrequest an appointmentlocationpatient formsq & a with dr. gavin close




 







 0


cart:  $0.00






no products in the cart. 



 search























 







 0


cart:  $0.00






no products in the cart. 



 search





menuaboutaboutmore infotestimonials closeservicesaestheticfacelip filler augmentationacne medical treatmentbotox & dysportchemical peelsdermal fillers | restylanedermaplaningface lift non surgical pdo threadsipl photofacialsjuvedermkybella – double chin fat removalultherapymedical grade facialsmicrobladingmicroneedlingprp facial rejuvenationpermanent makeupunder eye tear trough filler with restylaneblood facialvibradermabrasionbodybotox for sweatingcellulite rf treatment bethlehem allentowncoolsculptinghand rejuvenationlaser hair removalmedical marijuanamedical weight losspain treatment with rfprp for hair loss & hair restorationskin tighteningspider vein removalweight loss semaglutide wegovy ozempicweight loss tirzepatide mounjaroanti-agingbioidentical hormone replacement therapytestosterone replacement therapyim vitamins in bethlehem & allentownerectile dysfunctionwomen’s libido & sexual healthbreast thermographycancer detection testpeptides for anti-agingplastic surgerybody contouringeyelid liftliposuctiontummy tuckbreast augmentationface liftneck liftupper arm liftbreast liftfat transferthigh lift closespecials/eventsshopskin carenutraceuticalsgift certificates closeblogazani blogq & a with dr. gavin closecontactcontact usrequest an appointmentlocationpatient formsq & a with dr. gavin close












winner of reader's choicevoted best medical spabest aesthetic injectorbest laser hair removalbest patient carebest cosmetic surgeonrequest consultationbuy egiftfree virtual or in office aesthetic consultationcall us at 610-625-3000text us at 610-625-3002book you appointment online for most services. call if no openings.book online nowsignup to receive our specials, flash sales and events.signup





aesthetic





anti-aging





plastic surgery

















susan d


i have been coming to azani since 2019 and have referred friends and family. i love the atmosphere, sylvana and the rest of the staff as they make sure that you feel welcomed and comfortable. the professionalism that i have experienced has been phenomenal!!








brandon p


dr. gavin and her staff are on the cutting edge of everything. i’ve never been in a medical office with such a well trained staff. every person there has a deep knowledge of the treatments, the high tech equipment and the physiological aspects of medical procedures. let me save you some time right now in sifting through the best medical spas lehigh valley has. this is the place to go. after ten minutes of being there on your first visit, you will will understand what i mean.








angelica s


my favorite spa. azani spa provides the best service in the area. the personnel is awesome. the new management is very attentive. they are there to help you, to advice the best treatment for you, to pamper you, and to give you the best service you deserve at an affordable price. they will work with you. i highly recommend to visit azani spa. i’m always very pleased with their services.








karen j


for several years i have been seeing dr. monica gavin for bioidentical hormone replacement therapy (bhrt), having bloodwork and reviews every six months, and have been extremely happy with her, the treatment, and her staff. likewise, i have been a botox/dysport client and have always been happy with the professionalism and results.





welcome to azani medical spa
azani medial spa offers multi-disciplinary aesthetic and anti-aging wellness care. azani medical spa is under the direction of dr. monica gavin, a diplomat of the american academy of anti-aging medicine specializing in bioidentical hormone replacement therapy, and dr. benjamin lam, d.o., f.a.c.o.s, one of the area’s only double board-certified plastic surgeons. azani medical spa is lehigh valley’s premiere provider of anti-aging medicine, advanced aesthetic treatments, and plastic surgery procedures.
at azani medical spa, our mission is to provide innovative aesthetic & wellness treatments to help our patients successfully manage their anti-aging needs. our expert team of caring licensed medical aestheticians and health care professionals are dedicated to helping patients look and feel their best. we offer a comprehensive menu of treatments that are are safe, effective, affordable, and fda approved.
conveniently located off route 78 and route 33 in lehigh valley pennsylvania, azani medical spa is easily accessible from strousburg, bucks county, and central new jersey. with each visit to our beautiful and soothing medical spa environment, patients leave with a renewed sense of well being.
we look forward to serving you,
monica gavin, md & staff





join us on instagram










azanimedicalspa3000








say goodbye to cellulite with rf treatment! 🌟 t
 





are you looking for a natural way to rejuvenate yo






are you tired of looking tired? 😴 do you want t






say goodbye to the hassle of daily makeup routines
 





elevate your skincare to the next level with plate
 





discover the power of ipl photofacial – the gold






experience the epitome of skincare luxury with aza






experience the power of chemical peels to renew an
 





say goodbye to frown lines without sacrificing you
 





struggling with acne? you're not alone. our medica






experience the artistry of lip filler augmentation






embark on a transformative journey with our medica
 





experience the power of kybella®, a breakthrough 






featured product of the week! 

#azani #medspa #le
 





say goodbye to sagging skin and hello to a revital






enhance your life with the beauty that lasts! 💖
 





embrace the beauty of a new year with azani medica






say goodbye to sagging skin and hello to a lifted,
 





#microneedling #azanimedicalspa #skinpen #lehighva
 





merry christmas from azani medical spa

may your c



 





 follow on instagram








aestheticanti-agingplastic surgery









call us at 610-625-3000schedule a free complimentary consultation. the first step to a new you!complimentary consultation







azani newsletter




signup to get updates on special offers and special events.

 


















		




72258δ







have questions?









our office




610-625-3000


azani medical spa

lehigh valley professional center, 2551 baglyos circle a18bethlehem, pa 18020


























 azani medical spa © 2005-2024. all rights reserved.









 
 




search engine
use this form to find things you need on this site









search





 









 


 






































