





























gmsv: new cars for sale australia & new zealand









index







			
                
                gm specialty vehicles
                
			
		




































































































































			
                
                gmc yukon denali | register your interest








the yukon denali, will be available as an 8-seater suv with a powerful v8 and strong towing capability. register your interest.






















			
                
                2024 silverado hd tested | watch the series








new interior. improved power. watch the tested series now.






















			
                
                2025 corvette e-ray | v8 electrified








first-ever, electrified awd corvette e-ray. learn more
























			
                
                personalise your vehicle









discover a complete portfolio of accessories for your vehicle.






















			
                
                driven by safety









our customers are the core of gmsv, and we want to ensure their safety. learn more about safety features and technology in our vehicles.






















			
                
                get updates









gmsv has brought the all-new corvette in factory right-hand drive to australia and new zealand. register your interest to stay up to date.























			
                
                store









shop our most popular range of chevrolet, silverado and corvette merchandise.






















			
                
                find us on instagram









follow the gm specialty vehicles journey on instagram. be sure to hashtag #gmsv or tag us when sharing your stories and posts.






















			
                
                find us on facebook









follow the gm specialty vehicles journey on facebook. be sure to hashtag #gmsv or tag us when sharing your stories and posts.






























