



pemberton township schools / pemberton township schools homepage














































































skip to main content










district home


select a school...

select a school

pemberton township high school
helen a. fort middle school
marcus newcomb middle school
pemberton early childhood education center
fort dix elementary
samuel t. busansky elementary
denbo-crichton elementary school
howard l. emmons elementary
stackhouse elementary






sign in


search our site







































































                                pemberton township schools
                            

                                you can get there from here!
                            






translate this page


open search menu





home


our district
"



about us
anti-bullying information (hib)
collaborative monitoring report 2022
district goals
emergency remote instruction plan
military families
mission statement
office of the superintendent
photo galleries
safe return plan 2023-2024
school choice application
school performance reports
strategic planning 2024-2029
strategic plan 2019-2023



parents
"
student testing schedule
inclement weather schedule


all parent links
before and after school care
emergency remote instruction plan
family resources to support learning in & out of the classroom
food services online
genesis parent portal
military families
parent expections in an emergency
parent forms
parent resources
parent-school communication
pemberton pride newsletter
school start and end times
student handbooks
student registration
more



schools
"



school & sites directory
school performance reports
school start and end times



board & community
"



board of education
alumni
bid opportunities
community links
employment opportunities
facility usage
notice of nondiscrimination
policies and protocols



departments
"



office of the superintendent
21st century
business office
counseling services
curriculum
early childhood
facilities
food services online
health & nursing
human resources
information technology
media services
security
special services
transportation



military families
"



military families



contact us
"



contact information



staff
"






covid information
"



covid information

calendar





open slideout menu















































welcome military!







please click here to find out everything we have to offer our military families!




















anti-bullying program






pemberton township schools has established a district wide anti-bullying, harassment and intimidation (hib) program designed to create a respectful and tolerant atmosphere. ongoing programs for students take place at every school throughout the year, focusing on bullying prevention strategies and working toward building a consistent "climate of respect."
pemberton township takes pride in instituting character education programs throughout our district. building character at school not only helps students with their academic studies, but it can also help prevent bullying. character education teaches kids about gaining a sense of responsibility and learning to do the right thing. moreover, they learn how to interact with their teachers and fellow students. the result creates a positive atmosphere at school and in the classrooms. our dedication to character education has led us to have six schools designated as national schools of character, and nine schools named nj state schools of character.
 in accordance with nj law, each school has a designated anti-bullying specialist, who serves as the primary school official responsible for preventing, identifying and addressing incidents of hib in the school.  students, staff members and parents are encouraged to promptly report behavior displaying possible harassment, intimidation or bullying.  
harassment, intimidation, and bullying
 it is the intent of the nj legislature in its january 2011 enactment of the harassment, intimidation, and bullying (hib) law to strengthen the standards and procedures for preventing, reporting, investigating, and responding to incidents of hib by students that occur in school and off school premises.
 the district prohibits all acts of harassment, intimidation or bullying. hib is defined as any gesture, written, verbal or physical act or any electronic communication (that is, transmitted by an electronic device), whether it be a single incident or a series of incidents that:











is reasonably perceived as being motivated by either any actual or perceived characteristic such as race, color, religion, ancestry, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, or a mental, physical or sensory disability or by any other distinguishing characteristic; and






















takes place on school property, at any school-sponsored function, on a school bus, or off school grounds that substantially disrupts or interferes with the orderly operation of the school or the rights of other students; and that






















a reasonable person should know, under the circumstances, that the act will have the effect of physically or emotionally harming a student or damaging the student’s property, or placing a student in reasonable fear of physical or emotional harm to a person(s) or damage to property; or






















has the effect of insulting or demeaning any student or group of students, or






















creates a hostile educational environment for the student by interfering with a student’s education or by severely or pervasively causing physical or emotional harm to the student.











 an hib complaint will be investigated promptly within the defined timeline and in adherence with the procedures set forth in the district hib policy.
the commissioner of education is required to grade each public school and school district’s efforts to implement the anti-bullying bill of rights act (abr) (n.j.s.a.18a:17-46). this guidance document has been developed to help the school safety/school climate team (ss/sct) fulfill its responsibility to complete the school self-assessment for determining grades under the abr. school districts are required to post  scores on their district website. each school in our district posts their scores for the previous school year on their school web page.
contact: jessica knier, ed.d.,district anti-bullying coordinator(609) 893-8141, ext. 1034 jknier@pemb.org
important links:
school anti-bullying specialists contact information 
harassment, intimidation and bullying policy
district and school report card
nj state guidance memo
bullying reporting form








































district news











preschool registration for 2025-26 school year opens in january!

our preschool program will start registering children for the 2025-2026 school year in january. click headline for more info!

comments (-1)












contact your legislators--advocate for fair funding!

contact your legislators--click headline to find out more!

comments (-1)












upcoming board meetings



comments (-1)












free online tutoring resource for pemberton students!

click headline for more information about a free online tutoring resource through varsity tutors.

comments (-1)












now hiring school bus drivers! 

new rate: $26.50 per hour! subs earn $25 per hour! click headline for more!

comments (-1)












student assessment schedule 2024-25

click headline for standardized testing schedule for 2024-25 school year.

comments (-1)












see it? hear it? report it!

click on the headline for the number to call our anonymous tip line to report a potential threat. immediate threat? dial 9-1-1.

comments (-1)























upcoming events





tomorrow

6:30 pm
boe - work session





friday

7:00 pm
pths - pemberton's got talent





february 26, 2025

6:00 pm
dncr - title i/title iii family event





february 27, 2025

6:30 pm
boe - regular meeting





february 28, 2025

7:00 pm
hfms/newcomb musical





march 1, 2025

3:00 pm
hfms/newcomb musical




view calendar























    pemberton township schools has 8 national schools of character and 9 purple star schools, demonstrating our commitment to outstanding character, and exceptional support of our military families!






















facebook



















twitter


tweets by pembertonschool 

















youtube




















district links


anti-bullying information

channel 19 program schedule

employment opportunities

photo galleries

school performance reports

student registration

water lead testing results





















user options








contact us
one egbert street
pemberton, nj 08068
609-893-8141
f:609-722-7204
contact_us@email.org
get directions



















this is the disclaimer text. you can use this area for legal statements, copyright information, a mission statement, etc. if you don’t use it, the bb footer will slide up.



















questions or feedback? | 
web community manager privacy policy (updated) | 



copyright © 2025 finalsite - all rights reserved.































close






close





















