








sorcerer radio - all disney music, all day long







































 












		skip to content










 





home
channelsmenu toggle

sr main
atmospheres
loop’d
seasons
rope drop
spa day
mocha
patreon player


schedulemenu toggle

monday
tuesday
wednesday
thursday
friday
saturday
sunday


showsmenu toggle

411 news
animation courtyard
dining at disney
disney trip tips
dw:60
loopy tuesday
lunch time request hour
into the disneyverse
mighty marvel geeks
srn top 10
the sorcom review
wookie radio
friends of srmenu toggle

the d+ club
our sponsors




how to listenmenu toggle

online players
ios app
android app
amazon alexa
roku & apple tv
carplay & auto
other


contactmenu toggle

get in touch
sr team
faq


shop
membersmenu toggle

login
user registration
become a patreon
listener awards


 





 







 







main menu

 









411 newsanimation courtyardcontactmenu toggleget in touchjoin the teamdining at disneydisney trip tipsdizhizdw:60etsy shopfaqhomehow to listenloginlunch time request hourmighty marvel geeksmocha playerpatreon playerpatreon player loginpatron radioprivacy policyprojectsredzone playersample pageschedulemenu togglemondaytuesdaywednesdaythursdayfridaysaturdaysundayservicesskull rock podcastsorcerer radio player 25 – all disney music all day longsponsorsmenu togglebecome a patreonlistener awardssr teamsrn top 10test pagethe d+ clubthe disney listthe sorcom reviewtouring the worlduser registrationwookie radioatmospheresmainmocharopedropseasonsspa dayfreinds 









 







 





sorcerer radio - all disney music, all day long 









 









coming up 










listen online













disney cruising1:00pmmagic kingdom hour2:00pmpark hoppers3:00pmsorcerer radio4:00pmanimal kingdom hour5:00pmepcot hour6:00pmmagic kingdom hour7:00pmhollywood studios hour8:00pm+ nighttime spectacular (classics)9:00pmbedtime disney10:00pmbedtime disney11:00pm








view full schedule











sorcerer radio - all disney music, all day long 






listen online







dive into the magic with sorcerer radio, your ultimate destination for disney music! stream hits from disney parks, marvel, pixar, and star wars, plus ride audio, park background loops, and more. join our live-hosted shows every weekday morning with our passionate disney djs. whether you’re into disney news, seasonal tunes, or relaxing park ambiences, we’ve got you covered. click “listen online” and embark on your disney music journey now! 













pick your channel

what's playing now!
























 













a channel for everyone







click and listen




















 



all disney music 






listen












 



disney park audio 






listen












 



rides and attractions 






listen












 



seasonal music 






listen












 



relaxing audio 






listen












 



coffeehouse music 






listen
















 














join the sr community







interact

















 











 


srn top 10 every monday 




listen in and chat with us every monday morning at 8am(et) as we count down the top 10 disney tracks of the week. 
be sure to vote all week long, using the sr apps and online players! 











this weeks top 10























 


lunchtime request hour 




join us every wednesday at noon (et), as we let you be the disney dj.  go to the lrh webpage, select your request, then tune from 12-2pm. the request window will open every wednesday morning. 











make your request






















 




							discord chat						


						the sorcerer radio discord is full of chat rooms that you can join to chat about all things disney.  from our disney shows, shopping, vacation tips and tricks and more!					










 
  chat now










 




							sorcerer radio disney funzone						


						the sorcerer radio disney funzone is our official facebook fan group, and a great place to talk to other disney and sorcerer radio fans on facebook!					










 
  chat now










 




							become a sorcerer radio patron						


the sorcerer radio team is always looking to expand the station and we currently have many projects on the table. with your help, we can keep adding to the magic.  we are excited about the future of sorcerer radio and where our journey will take us.patron perksaccess to exclusive contentexclusive patron radio & request featureaccess to exclusive discord chat roomshoutout on sorcerer radio social mediafree sorcerer radio car decal / stickerprogram one hour of music on one of our channels one time* perks vary based on patron levels 










 
  join now









give us a follow







sorcerer radio socials














facebook
 



twitter
 



instagram
 



youtube
 


















username or email address 

password 



remember me






 
log in





register


lost your password?




































 







 




sorcerer radio is a live365 station, run by disney fans who love bringing the magic to the disney community















 



 



quick linkshow to listen
faq
shop
sponsors
become a patreon
contact us
 

facebook group 









copyright © 2025 sorcerer radio
 



powered by sorcerer radio
 






we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 































 

