
















brain supplements survivor








































































brain supplements survivor






























































































sunday, september 27, 2015








mickey t eight 32oz 100% pure c-8 caprylic acid







mickey t eight 32oz 100% pure c-8 caprylic acid is best product made in usa with halal sertification. many people give positive review for this product. you can see about mickey t eight product on this blog :



the finest mct oil available on amazon - 100% pure c-8 caprylic acid mct.. not a blend-not a pill
made in usa from 100% non-gmo kosher and halal certified ingredients
perfect in bulletproof® coffee for maximum mental focus and instant energy.. the most "ketogenic" mct available!
mickey t eight is a delicately light oil that is odorless, tasteless, colorless and only 93 calories per tablespoon
up to 8x cheaper than caprylic acid sold in pills and capsules

﻿mickey t eight is state of the art nutrition... perfect in your morning
 bulletproof® coffee... soon you'll be saying "gimme some java with a 
shot of mickey t".. mct (medium chain trigycerides) are fatty acids in 
the form of oil that contains 6-12 carbon chains. most fats are long 
chains, but shorter chain fats are less likely to be stored as body fat 
and provide immediate energy without an insulin spike like sugar... 
coconut oil is an abundant source of mct, but only about 7% is the pure 
c-8 caprylic acid found in mickey t eight. in fact it takes over 36 
pounds of raw coconut to make a bottle of mickey t eight. virtually all 
mct on the market is a 60-40 blend of c-8 and c-10. mickey t eight is 
100% pure c-8 caprylic acid mct oil... this is important because mct is 
metabolized by the liver into ketone bodies which are quickly burned for
 energy. studies show that c-8 is over 30% more "ketogenic" than c-10 
making mickey t eight one of the most powerful energy foods you can 
eat... mix it with organic coffee and grass fed butter for the best 
bulletproof® coffee, or pour over salad with lemon and balsamic vinegar 
for a burst of clean energy... other products sold as caprylic acid on 
amazon are in pill or cap formats, and can cost well over $5 (34 pills @
 .16) for the equivalent caprylic acid in one tablespoon of mickey t 
eight at about $.66 a tablespoon. plus pills can contain ingredients 
that you may not want at all... warning: while the ingredients in mickey
 t eight are the finest available and generally regarded as safe by the 
fda, it can cause gastric distress and loose stools in some people. 
start slow .. a teaspoon at a time up to 3 tablespoons a day. taking 
with food can help... packed with pride and love in a food grade bpa 
free container



mickey t eight 32oz price was update and with discount price too. check it today.






mickey t eight 32oz review :




i am so glad there is a new c8 mct oil on the market! i have used 
upgraded self/bulletproof's brain octane oil for a few years now, but 
dave asprey established a monopoly with the only product on the market. 
as a bulletproof snob, i was skeptical. mickey t definitely 
overdelivered though, i was thoroughly impressed with their product.

mickey t has put together an equal or even better product, for a much more affordable price! it's even made in the us.
i
 am very pleased with the oil. completely tasteless (some complain that 
brain octane oil has a slight chemical taste), no bowel irritation (i 
use two t in my morning coffee with grassfed butter...definitely start 
slow and build up!),  and excellent mental clarity and energy.
i highly recommend this product to anyone looking for the highest quality oil to upgrade their day.

 






posted by



unknown




at

1:04 am



2 comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
acid,
alzheimers,
brain,
caprylic,
mickey brain,
mood boost,
optimum,
pure c-8,
stress,
supplement
















host defense® lion's mane capsules protect brain 







host defense is one of best product for brain supplements, many people use this product and more than 100 people reviews this. host defense specification and benefits


promotes mental clarity, focus and memory*
provides cerebral and nervous system support*
many studies have identified a ngf (nerve growth factor) in lion's mane
optimizes nervous and immune system health*
supports cognitive function*

this beautiful species, appearing as a white waterfall of cascading 
icicles, is found on broad leaf trees and logs. the subject of recent 
studies, lion's mane is renowned for providing support to the brain and 
nervous system.* host defense® lion's mane uses activated, freeze-dried,
 certified organic mycelium, with a full spectrum of constituents: 
polysaccharides (beta glucans, arabinoxylane, glucose, xylose, galactose
 and mannose), glycoproteins, ergosterols, triterpenoids and other 
myco-nutrients, which are essential for supporting natural immunity.* 



host defense price was update and with discount price too. check it today.






host defense review from costumer on the online store :



i purchased this product for my husband, father and father in law.  all 
of them have different levels of memory problems with my father in law 
having the worst with alzheimer's disease.  my father has always had a 
bit of a memory problem with names and places, but i had noticed over 
the past few months that he seemed to be more confused than usual and my
 husband was starting to be very forgetfull.  after watching them i 
decided to research the best ways to enhance memory with real foods and 
found that lions mane (mushroom) in higher quantities coupled with omega
 fatty acids and coconut oil worked very well with all types of memory 
problems.  my husband has always used omega's and coconut oil, but it 
wasn't until i introduced lions mane that he and i both noticed an 
incredible difference in his memory and saw a real boost in his 
confidence not to forget things again.  my father has noticed a fog lift
 and clearer thinking as well.  my father in law doesn't appear to be 
much different, but i don't see him enough to really know for sure.  i 
know that my husband loves this product and really sees a huge 
improvement.  he will be using this supplement forever now.  my father 
has already ordered more bottles...which is a real vote of confidence in
 this product because he doesn't usually part with a nickle without 
crying!  :)  seriously, i really believe this product is the real deal. 
it is made by an extremely reputable company and has much supporting 
evidence of its abilities to assist memory problems.  please research 
this product as well as coconut oil and omega 3 fatty acids for enhanced
 memory.  i am extremely grateful to have found this product for the 
people i care so much about. 








posted by



unknown




at

12:56 am



1 comment:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
alzheimers,
brain,
mood boost,
omega 3,
optimum,
stress




location:
united states







saturday, september 26, 2015








brain supplement power naturra alzheimers go







since brain supplement nattura brain power release, many people use this product and give positive response. nattura brain power has benefits :




powerful antioxidant blend especially created for memory, energy and brain function support.*
the
 most complete nootropic formula: phosphatidylserine, resveratrol, 
vinpocetine, r-alpha lipoic acid, acetyl l-carnitine, green tea extract,
 vitamin b-6, bitamin b-12, folic acid, biotin, vitamin c.
highly
 concentrated key ingredients: 150mg phosphatidylserine, 10mg 
vinpocetine, 60mg r-alpha lipoic acid, 100mg acetyl l-carnitine, 60mg 
resveratrol per capsule.
formula uses the reduced (r) form of alpha lipoic acid - most expensive and absorbable form of alpha lipoic acid (ala).
60 servings per bottle - made in usa in a strict gmp and fda certified and inspected facility - free u.s. shipping!

on september 2015, naturra brain power price was update and with discount price too. check it today.






naturra brain power review from costumer at trusted online store :

 got this product when i needed to be more focused for my exams.the combination of ingredients is formulated especially to increase focus and concentration and enhance memory.i was looking for a natural based product and i was pleased by brain power.i
 saw a notable improvement of my concentration and succeeded to pass the
 exam. i prefer brain power to other product because it seems to clear 
the fog and help with clarity of thinking and memory especially when i 
have to do a lot of multitasking. 







posted by



unknown




at

11:50 pm



1 comment:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
3,
alzheimers,
brain,
mood boost,
omega 3,
optimum,
stress,
supplement




location:
united states












brain supplement optimum omega 3 protect from alzheimers







still searching for brain supplement with omega 3 and high quality, may be you must try use optimum omega 3 more than 1.000 people give positive reviews for this product. you must know about this product and let's see:


third
 party tested - for product purity, projected efficacy, ingredient 
safety, nutritional value, and label accuracy. quality you can trust!
better
 absorption & prevention of fishy aftertaste: our omega 3 fish oil 
pills have an enteric coating to increase your absorption of the 
essential fatty acids and to prevent fishy aftertaste. enjoy health 
benefits without fish burps!
purity
 through molecular distillation: dr. tobias fish oil met or exceeded all
 labdoor purity and label accuracy standards. our fish oil is purified 
with molecular distillation - one of the few current methods that can 
remove heavy metals, pcb's and other toxins to below detectable limits 
for human consumption.
optimum
 series 2,000 mg fish oil with 1,400 mg omega-3 fatty acids (600 mg dha,
 800 mg epa) per serving (2 caps). get 3-4 times more of the important 
omega-3s compared to many other brands. a famous tv expert calls omega 3
 the most important single supplement. with this product, you will meet 
his recommendation of 600 mg dha per day - with a single serving! fish 
oil supports the health of heart, brain health, joints, mood & 
mental state, skin & hair.
90-day-supply
 + bonus online health videos = great health value! you get 180 fish oil
 capsules with each bottle. bottle color may vary.  additionally, after 
you received your bottle, you will get free access to 25 bonus online 
health videos with effective exercises for your health & stress 
relief.


brain supplement optimum omega 3 price was update and with discount price. check it today.



brain supplement optimum omega 3 review from trusted online store.
i began taking store brand fish oil last year to lower my cholesterol, 
in addition to watching my saturated fat intake; fish oil helped me 
lower my total numbers by 65 points. that's quite an improvement. after 
researching other ways to lower cholesterol, i stumbled across the dr. 
oz article about minimum dha and epa daily dietary suggestions, the same
 numbers found in dr. tobias' formula.

i have faithfully taken 
fish oil everyday for the last year so i went ahead and ordered a year 
supply of this brand - with the discount, it equaled out to a little 
over what i would have normally spent but my store brand didn't carry 
the epa and dha amounts found in this formula.

after taking this 
fish oil now for just over a month, i am able to tell a cognitive 
improvement. for example, when my professor says "you need to write this
 down" i am able to appropriately recall what she has said (however 
long-winded) without having to ask anyone else if they got it all, or 
(heaven forbid) ask her to repeat it. it's like i can actually hear her 
saying it over again in my head, i know that sounds schizoid but that's 
the best way i can explain it. something else i have noticed is that i 
don't "word-search" in conversation nearly as much; i get out what i am 
trying to say without too many "uhh's, umm's, and what's-it-called's."

as
 far as my cholesterol goes, i won't know what impact this formula has 
had until july 2014 when i have my blood work done again. i'll come back
 and edit this if i can. all in all, this fish oil has benefited me 
above and beyond what was expected and this will be my brand of choice 
when order time comes again.





posted by



unknown




at

11:41 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
3,
alzheimers,
mood boost,
omega 3,
optimum,
stress,
supplement




location:
united states












mood boost natural stress & anxiety relief protect alzheimers 







looking for supplements to protect your brain from alzheimer and stress, moodboost is one of supplement product recommended to protect your brain. many people give positive reviews for mood boos on the many online store. mood boost specification :


natural calming formula. moodboost's natural formula helps to reduce stress and anxiety fast.
promotes
 positive mood. 5-htp naturally promotes positive mood. l-tyrosine and 
suntheanine l-theanine help to relieve stress and anxiety. gaba acts 
quickly to calm the mind.
stress
 relieving herbal blend. passion flower, ashwagandha, rhodiola rosea, 
and chamomile extracts are packed into moodboost to help promote 
relaxation and the body's natural ability to cope with stress.
powerful drug-free formula. moodboost contains natural ingredients and herbal extracts.
1
 capsule daily. 100% money-back guarantee. try moodboost and see how it 
works for you. all les labs supplements include a 60-day money-back 
guarantee.


mood boost price was update and now with discount price too. check it today



mood boost brain supplement review

let me start by saying that i had a doctor prescribe me all sorts of 
antidepressants for my anxiety issues that i suffered for 8 months.. 
severe... lexapro and efflector, i was so scared to take reading 
reviews.. i tried to fight it until i came across this product, wow.. 
i'm on day 7 taking one in the morning and one at night and i feel like 
my old self.. i thank god that he lead me to this product so i didn't 
have to go down the medication road. i will definitly recommend this 
product to anyone who is having anxiety issues.. my advice is to pray 
for strength and believe that you can do all things through god who 
gives you strength.. hope this can help all of you going through tough 
times.





posted by



unknown




at

11:33 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




labels:
alzheimers,
brain,
mood boost,
stress,
supplement




location:
united states








home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















about me




unknown



view my complete profile



blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2015

(5)





        ▼ 
      



september

(5)

mickey t eight 32oz 100% pure c-8 caprylic acid
host defense® lion's mane capsules protect brain
brain supplement power naturra alzheimers go
brain supplement optimum omega 3 protect from alzh...
mood boost natural stress & anxiety relief protect...


















































picture window theme. powered by blogger.
























