





edmonton astrological society – since 1977





























 




edmonton astrological society



 toggle navigation



events 

2025 events
2024 events
2023 events
2022 events
event info
speaker guidelines & application


membership
about
news & articles
find an astrologer in edmonton


search for:



 










edmonton astrological society
since 1977

upcoming events 



 









the eas is canada’s longest-running astrological society, founded in 1977 by internationally acclaimed astrologer chris mcrae. the eas hosts monthly lectures, workshops and classes featuring local and international astrologers.








upcoming events 


 


 

open members' forum
friday, february 14, 2025 - 7pm mt (online) 
with recent changes to our executive committee, it’s time to connect with our members and discuss the future of the edmonton astrological society. originally scheduled as a lecture, this meeting will now be an open members’ forum – a space to share ideas, ask questions and help shape the direction of our community.we invite all members to join us in this collaborative discussion. your input is valuable, and we look forward to hearing your thoughts on what lies ahead for eas.if you have a contribution to the discussion but cannot attend, please email in your comments or questions to easadmin@astrologyedmonton.com so we can discuss them at the forum. let’s come together and discuss the future of eas. see you there!






 

stellar insights into family dynamics - featuring laura tadd
friday, march 14, 2025 - 6pm mt* (online)
applying an astrological perspective to understanding the interpersonal relationships within a family is helpful and healing for people at all levels of astrological knowledge. in addition to looking at the synastry between family members, we often see astrological patterns within a family. this patterning speaks to a family karmic story, similar personalities, and repeated interpersonal dynamics. additionally, at times, there are family members who are outliers. they break from the patterns found among other members and may struggle to feel like they belong within their family unit. thus, they need unique support to feel seen. in both cases, looking at astrology within the context of a family unit provides profound insight and healing.*note: this lecture begins an hour earlier than usual.






 

the cracked mirror: the astrology of narcissism
friday, april 11, 2025 – 7pm mt (online)
“it’s the leos!” we might joke, but then we remember that unforgettable aries or that mars-dominant personality we’d rather forget—and let’s not overlook the power-obsessed pluto types. narcissism isn’t limited to one astrological signature, nor does it have a singular expression. in this talk, we’ll explore the evolving perspectives on narcissism, including connections to neurodiversity (such as autism and adhd) and even the potential benefits of certain narcissistic traits. from the spectrum of “no-self” to typical narcissistic tendencies to diagnosable disorders, we’ll dive deep. fascinating chart examples will reveal astrological patterns, while practical tools will help navigate working with narcissistic clients and exploring pathways to healing.



 







								we welcome new members - join us!							


membership information 







news & articles 


 



 


all 


								registration for a weekend with faye blake							

the edmonton astrological society is hosting a special two-day event featuring renowned, amsterdam-based astrologer faye blake on friday, october 4, 2024 and saturday, october 5, 2024. this event will be a hybrid event, both in-person read more…







 


all 


								registration for glimpsing your daemon: workshop with sam reynolds							

the edmonton astrological society is hosting a special two-day workshop featuring sam reynolds on saturday, june 3 and sunday, june 4, 2023. this event will be a hybrid event, both in-person and online via zoom.







 


all 


								solar return charts							

the solar return chart gives information about a person's year ahead but must always be looked at in context with the birth chart and progressions.



 






subscribe to our mailing list








first name



last name



email address: 
		




leave this field empty if you're human:  










eas executive committee 

tracy quinlaninterim presidenttracy is a consulting astrologer, writer, teacher and lecturer. tracy began her formal astrological education learning from eas founder chris mcrae and continued to earn certificates from kepler college and the school of traditional astrology. she has a ba in sociology and psychology and is an opa-certified professional astrologer. she writes the horoscopes for the llewellyn astrological calendar.mel priestleycommunications directormel is a consulting astrologer and writer based in edmonton. she has been studying astrology since she was a teen and completed the fundamentals of natal astrology certificate at kepler college in 2021.  she has served as co-lead of opa's canada satellite. she has been a professional freelance writer for over 15 years and has written extensively about wine, food, theatre, local events and now, astrology. 









facebook





 


home
about
privacy policy
cookie policy (ca)
hestia | developed by themeisle 








we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.


accept

 























close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 











