







home
































perretti.com -  
















 





swf file not found. please check the path.





  perretti farms stallions
 standing at cool winds farm of ohio!lucky chucky 2,1:55.1 3,1:50.4 $2,099,973
the sire of 12 millionaires & $98 million in offspring earnings.!
muscles yankee 2,1:56.3; 3,1:52.2 ($1,424,938)










 

		home		



		about us	


		contact us	



















					perretti farms			

a rare opportunity to acquire the number one breeding and equine facility in new jersey.
the main farm consists of 300 acres in three parcels.  the estate home is custom built with a wraparound porch,  guest quarters, pool house and all the amenities.  this property includes the arena barn, a premier equine facility with professional indoor riding arena, 40 stalls, viewing lounge and conference room upstairs.  the second property includes the main barn with stallion quarters, 40 additional stalls, wash stalls, two-in house labs, offices in the front and an apartment on the second floor. 
there are two equicisers; each located within close proximity to the main and arena barns.  the farm is complete with numerous paddocks and outbuildings, all with automatic waterers, and expansive fields to suit any equine needs and housing for farm manager and full staff.
your view will never change on this farm-preserved property adjacent to the county-owned clayton park.
the yearling farm is made up of two separate parcels consisting of 186 acres and 170 acres with two barn facilities totaling 64 stalls which is perfectly set up to build your dream home on either parcel or one on each…plus additional agriculture labor housing.  this farm is ready to go to become a state of the art training or breeding center or a riding facility.
this pristine property is equal distance from new york city and philadelphia in close proximity to the horse park of new jersey, the meadowlands racetrack, monmouth park, prestigious equine clinics, and close to the new jersey turnpike and interstate 195.
for further information or to arrange a visit to the farm please call our office at 609-259-7555 or email this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.
 
see slideshows below...                                             




estate homeguest quarters/pool housearena barnmain barnpaddocks and outbuildingshousingyearling farm




 
 











standardbred news




with sadness, perretti farms announces the loss of matt's scooter
columbus, oh --- champion racehorse and stallion matt's scooter, 29, was euthanized on monday (june 30) at mid-atlantic equine clinic in ringoes, n.j. he had been residing at perretti farms in new jersey, where he had stood at stud virtually his entire career.more...more news

muscles yankee and lucky chucky to stand at winbak ny in 2014


lucky chucky colt tops morrisville sale


lucky chucky colt sells for $450,000 on opening night at lexington


legacy of rocknroll hanover evident at the meadowlands





thoroughbred news
 

...more news

forty tales retired to sequel ny


forty tales extends win streak in the g2 amsterdam stakes at saratoga


perretti secures eight belles kin for $370,000


forty tales wins the derby trial on opening night at churchill downs


among the best in harness racing, perretti farms looks to conquer thoroughbreds...













main menu



		home	


		stallion videos	


		honor roll	


		news articles	
stallions



		lucky chucky	


		muscles yankee	


search... 













go to top


