













globaltel - save up to 90% per minute on inmate calls













































































home
international jail calls
federal jail calls
contact
about
sign up
login












home
international jail calls
federal jail calls
contact
about
sign up
login










unlimited inmate calls for the lowest rates with globaltel

the only way to save big on local and long distance inmate calls is by using globaltel.when an inmate calls the special phone number we assign you, your phone rings and you save money every minute you talk! no more expensive calling rates from the major inmate calling providers.
sign up








globaltel











$49.99 for 90 days 



lowest price provider
create & send postcards only $0.52!
change destination number



sign up






save money on inmate calls to any us prison

  inmate calls can be costly. globaltel provides a much more affordable solution. we have the lowest inmate call rates available and pass those savings on to our customers. that's how globaltel helps makes inmate calls more affordable for families.


  when an inmate calls the globaltel phone number we assign you, your phone will ring, and you'll save money every minute you talk. never pay for expensive calling rates from securus or gtl inmate calling providers again.

learn more

cheapest inmate calls to any us prison

  we know how much your family, friends, and significant others mean to you. but, unfortunately, most jail-calling companies are charging too much money per minute. these high prices create billions of dollars for themselves and cost innocent families. that's why we created globaltel, to help inmates, and their families, with affordable jail calling services.


  inmate calls from companies like securus and gtl charge unfair rates per minute. you may save hundreds of dollars monthly when you use the globaltel phone number we assign you.

sign up now

how globaltel works

  globaltel provides you with a phone number local to your inmate's facility. when your loved one calls this local globaltel number, the call is connected to your cell phone. the call will be charged at a local rate instead of a long-distance rate. globaltel reduces the per-minute cost to make inmate calls up to 90% cheaper. our service works for local, long-distance, and international jail calls.


  our service is billed on top of your jail call provider account with securus or gtl. you will see the savings when you receive your phone bill. sign up today and claim your first 90 days of service with globaltel for one easy payment! learn more about how to sign up for calls from inmates here.






socialize with us!














create, click, and mail postcards
send postcards to inmates in any us prison with just the click of a button.
click here to begin







contact information
address: 
		  globaltel corporate headquarters 
  7999 n. federal highway, suite 400
  boca raton, fl - 33487
phone: 
+1 (561) 220-2383

email: 
support@globaltel.com




services

us jail call services
international jail calls
about us
how globaltel works
inmate locator




useful links

 faq
send postcards to inmates
blog
 international call prefixes
 how to sign up for calls from inmates
 terms and conditions














©  globaltel is a provider of special jail connection services.
				  globaltel.com and it's special connect jail call service is owned and operated by interactive media technologies, inc. and not affiliated or associated with global tel*link corp. (gtl), gtl.net or gtl's trademarked services known as "connectnetwork" and "offenderconnect"































