


ontario walleye fishing moose horn lodge


















fishing
      


walleye
northern pike
smallmouth bass
brook trout
whitefish
perch
fishing photo galleries 
fishing regulations
camp boats & motors
trip packing tips



hunting
      


black bear hunting
bear hunt details
bear hunt photos
moose hunting
grouse & partridge hunts



sun & snow
      


atv trails
activities & attractions
snowmobile trails
ice fishing
winter family fun
romantic getaways



cottages
      


main lodge
cottage one
cottage three
cottage four
cottage five
cottage six
cottage seven
nature vacations



contact & rates
      


contact us / directions
rates
testimonials
border crossing help
home











welcome to moose horn lodge


we are a family owned fishing and adventure lodge located in chapleau, ontario and have been in the hospitality and fishing business since 1957. our guests have described the cottages as an oasis of luxury in ontario's northern wilderness. we have put all our money back into the lodge and now offer our guests outstanding accommodations that are totally unexpected in such a remote northern region. we are only four hours from the michigan border.

we offer a bountiful diversity of fishing opportunities for walleye, northern pike, smallmouth bass, brook trout, whitefish and perch.

 due to unforeseen circumstances and for the foreseeable future, we will no longer be supplying bedding.

travel to canada: requirements have changed for travellers in regards to covid-19.

 new: cbsa will not allow any poultry or eggs across the border as well as bait (worms, minnows-live or dead, and obviously no leeches or crayfish) into canada. it is illegal to use crayfish (crawdads) for bait in ontario. only commercial bait dealers can import bait legally.

please note: our water is tested regularly and is potable for drinking. we live in the bush so we have limited internet access.

bear hunt: we still have openings for our spring bear hunt.


fishing at the lodge:
the lodge is located on mclennan lake where the dominant species is walleye. walleye fishing on our lake is good with walleyes being common in the 1 to 3 pound range. larger walleyes in the 4 to 6 pound range also get caught but they are not as frequent. you can also catch northern pike and spring whitefish fishing. it's all the other great fishing lakes in the area that has blessed us with an 85% customer return rate.

backcountry lakes & streams:
within 10 to 60 minutes from the lodge are dozens of spectacular fishing lakes. most of the lakes have no camps or cottages and on a lot of the lakes, you will be the only party fishing. we can have boat cashes on these lakes but instead of leaving boats in the bush to get dirty or stolen, we keep boats on trailers ready to be towed. you will need a trailer hitch and 2-inch ball or bring your own boat.

walleye:
these backcountry lakes at times produce 100 walleye days with a few exceptional size fish in the 10-pound range. in these lakes walleyes are common in the 1 to 4-pound range with a few 5 to 7-pounders thrown in.

we are a conservation-minded lodge and urge our guests to release all walleyes 17.5" and over. these are the breeding stock and the future of the walleye fishery. 16" to 17.5" are the best eating sizes if you are looking to keep walleye.

mclennan lake, where our lodge is located, is a small lake. the walleye fishing on mclennan lake is fantastic and we want to keep it that way. because it's a small lake and susceptible to over-fishing; we have it designated as a catch-&-release only walleye lake. you can keep your limit of other species but the walleyes remain protected. we are surrounded by many fantastic walleye lakes and you catch and eat all the walleyes you want and bring walleye home but not from mclennan lake.

northern pike:
the bigger lakes have been producing northern pike over 20 pounds and due to catch-&-release practices the availability of trophy northern pike increases every year. for guests who like to eat northern pike there are hoards of them in the 2 to 6-pound range.




smallmouth bass:
a few of the lakes produce unbelievable smallmouth bass fishing. smallmouth bass are common in the 1-3 pound range but guests enjoy catching many in the 4 to 5-pound range and occasionally a 6-pounder. guests have reported finding spots where they catch bass after bass all afternoon.

brook trout:
we also have cold spring-fed lakes with brook trout. most brook trout you catch are in the 1/2 to 2-pound range but guests often catch beautiful big brook trout in the 3 and 4-pound range. we have a couple of streams in the area as well that produce high numbers of good eating pan fryers in the 8 to 16-inch range with the occasional big one over 20 inches.

accommodations:
we offer six large housekeeping lakefront cottages that sleep up to ten people. each cottage has one or two bathrooms, up to four bedrooms, front deck and big windows with a beautiful view of the lake. the interiors feature hardwood floors, tongue & grove pine on the walls and ceiling, comfortable furniture and beds, fully equipped kitchen with all appliances, wifi internet and satellite flat-screen televisions.

fun summer & winter activities:
in the summer there are activities for the whole family to enjoy such as swimming, hiking, off-road cycling, atving, wildlife photography, canoeing, blueberry picking and bird watching. in the winter we have snowmobile trails, ice fishing, cross country skiing and snowshoeing. there are also drive-to attractions and activities in the area and in the town of chapleau.

hunting:
in the spring we offer packages for black bear hunting. black bears in the 150 to 300 pound range are common with the occasional 400 pounder. we are right next to the chapleau crown game preserve thus enjoying the highest population of black bears in the world. resident moose hunters with adult tags for wmu 31, 32, 35 and 38 are welcome to rent a cottage. the fall is also fantastic in the area for grouse hunting. the woods in the area are just stuffed with ruffed grouse and spruce grouse.

please explore our website and have fun. feel free at any time to call or email with questions.

best regards
roxann lynn
please click here to view our up-to-date booking sheet as a web page.



 







