



soundproofing














 
 













 
welcome to  soundproofing.com 
the purpose of this site is to provide advanced
							   knowledge about soundproofing to all those wanting
							   to know more about what is available for soundproofing
							   and what can be done to stop noise or treat noise
							   problems.							   
if you are new to soundproofing, perhaps the first
							   thing to do is to review the various courses available
							   on soundproofing101.com.
							   then you can explore this site for more information
							   about advanced soundproofing topics that may interest
							   you. 
we intend to build this site into a general
							   reference on soundproofing with contributions
							   by many soundproofing and acoustical experts.
expert soundproofing advice
the soundproofing articles found here are designed
						     to be educational as opposed to sales pitches. 
at soundproofing.com you will find free soundproofing
							   advice, information and tips on soundproofing,
							   written by a consortium of professionals in the
							   soundproofing field. we review each soundproofing
							   article submitted to soundproofing.com for validity
							   before posting on the site. 
this site is still under construction and expect
						     it to change frequently over time. 
if you have an article
							   and wish to become a contributor, or have a comment,
						     please see our soundproofing contact page. 
 learn about soundproofing 
between soundproofing101.com and
							   this site, you can learn enough to make educated
							   decisions for solving your noise problem. you
							   can apply these soundproofing solutions and have
							   an excellent sound studio, but all of the noise
							   problems don't have to be solved in most residential or
							   commercial situations.  
you do not have to become an expert on soundproofing
							   in order to solve your noise problem. you can
							   become educated and approach the situation by
							   addressing one item at a time until you are happy
							   with what was once possibly an unbearable noise
							   condition.
how to  address your soundproofing needs 
if you are a condo owner and you have loud neighbors,
							   you will need to understand flanking
							   noise and
						     soundproofing walls and what to do to solve this.
if your noise problem is about traffic noise, you
							   probably need to research soundproofing your windows (and save money), because that
							   is where the biggest noise intrusion will come
							   from.
if you are concerned about soundproofing a room and stopping sound vibration, check out our latest article on construction and soundproofing.  
for commercial soundproofing during large construction projects, our newest contributor explains how their acoustical curtain panels and other products were used to reduce noise on the largest highway construction job ever undertaken in the united states and  ensure a minimal impact on local businesses and residences. 
feel free to peruse this site for guidance on soundproofing.
							   check our site for helpful soundproofing information,
							   before you spend any money trying to solve a frustrating
							   noise problem, or to educate yourself before
							   undertaking an expensive soundproofing project.
							   we also have some helpful soundproofing resources on
							   our links page. 

 



 


home |
 soundproofing articles |
 soundproofing noise tolerances part 1 |
 soundproofing noise tolerances part 2 |
 soundproofing flanking noise part 1 |
 soundproofing flanking noise part 2 |
 window glass & stopping noise |
 soundproofing & construction part 1 |
 soundproofing & construction part 2 |
 soundproofing & construction part 3 |
 stopping noise at construction sites |
 floor soundproofing part 1 |
 floor soundproofing part 2 |
 floor soundproofing part 3 |
 about us | contact |
 soundproofing links | site map |
 search 

soundproofing.com
©copyright 2008– soundproofing.com  |  all rights reserved  |  


 |   privacy policy  |   disclaimerthe contents of this web site may not be copied in part or full without express written permission.






