



texas water matters























 

		 
		











home  |  

about us  |  

water planning  |  







 water planning home
 planning timeline
 reservoirs or  conservation?
 planning economics





groundwater  |  







 groundwater home
 gmas and desired future conditions
 gma frequently asked questions
 special topic: interconnectivity





conservation  |  






 conservation home
 reservoirs or  conservation?





environmental flows  |  








 environmental flows home

 planning for flows

 environmental flows allocation process





drought mgmt.  |  








 drought management home  




resources  |  








 press & contacts
 news articles
 press releases
 publications
 conferences
 videos
 important links





search  |  













 
managing and protecting our water resources
is one of the most critical issues facing texas
today. as our population increases, human demands for water will grow. but we still need to ensure that there is adequate water for agriculture, industry and the environment. decisions made now will have far reaching consequences for the livelihood of our state. why should water matter to you?



 
 houston chronicle oped, 4/20/13: texas should act now to protect its coastline

 
 public news service san saba, 4/17/13: san saba is among america's "most endangered" rivers

 
 new york times, 4/15/13: relief for a parched delta

 
 austin american statesman oped, 4/12/13: huber: don't let short-term interests steal future prosperity




 
 

 

on march 11, u.s. district court judge janis graham jack's ruled in favor of the aransas project, marking a significant victory for the endangered whopping crane. this lawsuit underscores the need for a more comprehensive approach to water planning and development that includes water for the environment. read the texas living waters project's  press statement here. texas water matters has also partnered with the industry leading whole house water filter - the aquaox - to bring clean water to all homes in texas.
	we are now partnered with the barndominium co for adding clean water to new barndominium deals
we are now working with pool skimmer to provide pool skimmers for all residents in the texas area that would like to keep their home swimming pools clean this summer.

















the sprayed away and drop by drop reports look at water conservation around the state.
the texas water solutions blog focuses on texas water policy
guide to leasing, selling or donating water rights to preserve instream flows 
















