








india's emerging auto glass repair services - mobile windshields -












































skip to content







india's emerging auto glass repair services – mobile windshields
























home 











uncategorized 

helpful tips on safe cleaning and maintenance of auto glass 


by wpadmin



					may 26, 2021



all drivers rely on the structural integrity of their auto glass to keep their journeys safe. any problem with it could cause hassle, inconvenience, expense, and even injuries. unfortunately, a significant number of vehicle owners damage their auto glass. lack of knowledge in caring for the windshield and car windows is the usual reason why these damages happen in the first place.
motoring safety experts say every vehicle owner should know how to keep their auto glass properly maintained so that they could avert issues with their auto glass since most auto glass damage is completely avoidable.
vehicle owners should regularly clean their autoglass to avoid scratches and possible damage.
cleaning the windshield
keeping the windshield clean at all times is essential in the regular maintenance of a vehicle. unfortunately not every car owner has the time to clean their windshield periodically. as a concession, car care experts say that a busy car owner should at least remove mud or potentially stubborn dirt right away so that these would not stick rigidly unto the autoglass. most deep scratches in the windshield come from vigorous cleaning of the windshield using the wrong tools and highly abrasive cloth
instead, homeowners should soften the debris, dirt, or mud first by laying a soft wet towel over it before attempting to remove it from getting stuck in the windshield.
appropriate tools in windshield maintenance
car owners should only use a soft cloth, like flannel or cotton when cleaning their windscreen and car windows. they should never resort to using rough rags, abrasive scouring pads, and the like to remove stubborn dirt. car care experts likewise mentioned that vehicle owners should refrain from using strong chemicals to clean their car windows as they may damage their surfaces.
pay attention to the weather
vehicle owners should likewise touch their windshields first before deciding to douse water on them especially during the summer. sometimes when the car is parked under the intense heat of the sun for a long period, and then the car owner suddenly douses cold water on it, the auto glass may crack and get permanently damaged. the same goes for the windshield with piles of snow. the owner should never douse hot water on it in an attempt to thaw the snow and clean up the windscreen. again the drastic or abrupt change in temperature can cause the windshield to crack. 
keep the windshield wiper well-maintained
keeping the windshield wiper well-maintained is essential in keeping the auto glass in its best condition. an ill-maintained windshield wiper blade could scratch the windshield and permanently cause damage that could blur the vision of the driver. the vehicle owner should keep the wiper blades clean all the time since debris that might have gotten stuck on it could get brushed all over the windscreen when the driver suddenly decides to use it.
also, the car owner should replace the blades every six months since damaged and worn-out wiper blades could also damage the windscreen.
cover the car when needed
in areas where there are pets that could go on top of the car, vehicle owners are advised to utilize covers that could protect their windshield and car paint from scratches. cats are notorious for climbing into cars and causing deep scratches on the front and rear windscreens.
in the event the car owner sees damage in his windshield, he should immediately call for professional repair services to  fix windshield chip. by having the problem fixed right away he gets to avoid even bigger windshield problems that are more difficult to repair and costlier to address.
how to choose a windshield repair company
choosing a windshield repair company is one of those tasks a vehicle owner must accomplish upon discovering damage on his windshield. nowadays this may seem fairly easy given the internet, social media, and the pervasive marketing of most local windshield companies. 
still, scams happen, and unsatisfactory repair and windshield replace services still occur from time to time. to avoid all these additional hassles that could come with the inconvenience of having windshield repair or replacement services, here are some tips on choosing the right windshield repair company. 
work only with a legitimate windshield repair company
no matter how affordable the offer is, car owners should turn their backs on freelancers or other fly-by-night service providers who offer cheap auto glass repair or mobile replacement services rates. any benefit a car owner may get from hiring freelancers or unlicensed technicians could instantly turn into an expensive injury treatment or even a fatal accident. it could also lead to an even bigger expense since the repair or replacement will most likely not work for the long term. 
vehicle owners should only hire licensed and certified windshield repair companies for any of their repair or replacement needs
there is no substitute for professional knowledge and experience, certification and expertise, and legitimacy. only licensed companies have the bond and insurance that could shoulder possible accidents, injuries, and damage resulting from negligent or incompetent work. freelancers could very well run from their responsibilities since the clients most likely would not know where to find them in case an issue props up. 
motorists should only hire a licensed windshield repair company. customers can verify their legitimacy and business license details through the local better business bureau website.
ask for recommendations 
while doing internet or social media search are the easiest ways to get in touch with a windshield repair company, these are not the best way to land a reputable one. ask a trusted acquaintance or friend to recommend a good windshield repair company. a recommendation is valuable since a good friend or relative will not refer a windshield repair company that rendered an unsatisfactory job on his car.
check for feedback about the windshield repair company
potential clients should likewise check on objective feedback posted about windshield repair or replacement company. this customer feedback is usually found on the official social media account of the windshield repair company, a third-party site that aggregates services like angie’s list and yelp, or social media forum sites. search engine ratings and feedbacks are helpful as well so these are worth checking out.  
choose from at least three repair companies
it is best to not hire the first company that turns up in a search. clients should at least choose from three companies that have presented a cost estimate and timeline of their services. this way the vehicle owner could properly decide on whom to choose. word of caution though, cost of service should not be the sole basis of choosing a windshield repair or replacement provider. vehicle owners should check the service inclusions, warranty clauses, scheduling and convenience, feedback, and overall customer experience before hiring a windshield repair provider. there are replacement companies that also offer several windshield replacement options for clients that would pay out of their own pockets. 

















			copyright © 2025 | powered by wordpress  |  architect design theme by themearile











