



index page: the backlash!
















the backlash! @ backlash.com - 29 years online!





 anticipate, prepare, thrive: sex, money & politics





  online since may 1995 - updates for december 31, 2024 - ip address 209.221.136.108


   about us | archives | the backlash! on youtube

  this site does not use cookies or lectins ... yet













hot links




follow @rodvanmechelen




our country our choice





kamala's policies





joe kent 4 congress





***the great taking***





the great awakening





cern: first website 1991





c60 purple power





better bachelor





red pill ring





solari report





usa watchdog





lions not sheep





patriots win





proud boys





second classcitizen





super gsm info





studio brule





dr. roy spencer





climate change dispatch





ice age farmer





watts up with that?





oppenheimer ranch





david dubyne





global cooling





captain capitalism





tom golden





armstrong economics





backlash articles





half past human





internet freedom





john coleman blog





men are human





the office of

donald j. trump











encrypt the web





campaign for liberty





fair tax





fourth turning





fully informed jury





monolithic dome institute





natural news





warren farrell





wikileaks






















clif high: 39 days to melee




men in women's sports


august 1, 2024

2024 olympia, wa -- on august 1, 2024, angela carini, an xx woman, and imane khelif, an xy intersex "woman," entered the ring for round one of their boxing match at the paris olympics. less than a minute later, miss carini said enough and refused to fight.

rational people, and trans-exclusionary radical feminists, are reasonably asking why this is allowed to happen?


riley gaines and lia thomas


the debate over this erupted into the public sphere when lia thomas, a man who identified as a woman, plowed past riley gaines in the 500 yard freestyle at the 2022 ncaa division i women's swimming & diving championships.

famously, gaines went on to campaign against xy males competing against xx females in women's sports. like most, she doesn't get it. both feminist progressives and christian conservatives share credit with intersectional scolds and trans activists for making this to happen. not allowing it to happen. making it happen.

decades ago, betty friedan claimed that the vast majority of women in america were suffering from clinical depression, and she blamed men and the patriarchy™ for it. as we now know, friedan, a marxist, lied. there was no epidemic of clinical depression, which she coyly called "the problem that has no name."

nonetheless, christian conservatives wrung their hands and dolefully asked what they could do to lift this burden from their pampered housewives.


masculinity toxic


during the ensuing decades feminists denounced men and masculinity as toxic, hailed women as superior in every way, and proudly proclaimed that "anything men can do, women can do better."

colleges and universities hastened to facilitate female enrollment, often by limiting male enrollment. they created curricula that, while providing no valuable training or marketable skills, appealed to women. and they turned out thousands of women trained to be activists in the exciting field of "human resource management."

in 1980 i attended a lecture provided by the placement office at the university of washington where the woman who ran the office explained how women could force employers to change from within by majoring in hr, infiltrate, and then screen new hires to keep out conservative-leaning men and women.

this was not a secret. they were very open about it. and christian conservatives went along with it.

full article here






the war against boys

the boy crisis






 










martin armstrong: ww iii in april?





money: opportunity & prosperity

august 1, 2024

bob moriarty: scorpio releases drill results from manhattan soon

martin armstrong: $2.4 billion daily -- servicing the us national debt

robert kiyosaki urges investors to save bitcoin

wall street is starting to freak out about the horrendous state of the u.s. economy


revising away the recession






the real anthony fauci


robert f. kennedy jr. details how fauci, gates, and their cohorts use their control of media outlets, scientific journals, key government and quasi-governmental agencies, global intelligence agencies, and influential scientists and physicians to flood the public with fearful propaganda about covid-19 virulence and pathogenesis, and to muzzle debate and ruthlessly censor dissent.








solution conference 90 minute dvd with martin armstrong


solution conference 90 minute dvd with martin armstrong is a condensed version of martin armstrong's solution conference, also available for $100. i paid full price to watch the conference live, and it was worth every penny. he explains how we can eliminate all federal taxes, convert the federal debt to equity, save social security and more.







 










ed dowd: failing biden economy





politics: freedom & liberty

august 1, 2024

biden tells netanyahu the us will defend israel

as ukrainian defenses collapse, what can us patriots learn from the conflict?

the wisdom of thomas jefferson

a few years from today

pennsylvania congressional delegation remembers teacher excluded from russian prisoner swap






cold times by anita bailey


not by fire but by ice discover what killed the dinosaurs

























sandman: the backlash!


 




 








copyright © 1995 ‑ 2024 rod van mechelen; all rights reserved. 



rod van mechelen, publisher & editor, backlash.com 


hosted by: the zip connection









