



erikstormtrooper's imperial gallery




















 main

  what's new

  faq

  search


  cards, stickers,  & backgrounds 

  fonts

  customs

  guest  customizers 

  dioramas

  tutorials

  editorials

  links


 adventures of erikstormtrooper  
 e-mail me

view printer-friendly page
disclaimer:all star wars trademarks and images on this website are copyright and restricted by  lucasfilm ltd and hasbro, inc. original material is copyrighted by erik schroeder, 1997 - 2010. this is an unofficial fan site that is not affiliated with lucasfilm ltd or any of its licensees.
 























 





welcome to erikstormtrooper's imperial gallery, a website dedicated to a number of star wars interests, including fonts and the customizing, displaying, and collecting of star wars toys. scroll down for descriptions of what you'll find in the different sections of this site.
 



what's newcheck here for updates to this site, as well as occasional star wars news. updated on 7-12-10.

 


faqread frequently asked questions on customizing, collecting, and more. if you're new to this site, this might not be a bad place to begin.

 


searchso you're looking for something on this site, but don't know where to start? just head on over and do a keyword search.

 


customsview pictures and recipes for the customized figures, vehicles, and accessories i've made.

 


dioramassee some movie scenes i've recreated using my own star wars collection.

 


cards, stickers, & backgroundsdownload stickers, backgrounds, and entire playsets that you can print out and use to display your collection.

 


guest customizerssee the work of some other customizers featured on this site.

 


tutorialslearn customizing techniques with step-by-step guides and pictures.

 


editorialssee who makes the cut when i put various aspects of the star wars universe on "the chopping block".

 


fontsdownload star wars fonts, and find links to other resources for star wars fonts.

 


trade listsee what i'm looking for and what i have for trade.

 


linkshop on a speeder and visit my favorite star wars links. you'll also find banners for linking to this site.

 


awardsan archive of awards this website has received.

 


adventures of erikstormtrooperfind out more about me, and learn about some of the star wars experiences i've had. highlights include "growing up with star wars," "the star wars wedding," & my resume.

 


e-mail mefeel free to ask me any questions you might have, or just drop me a line with some feedback on the site.  thanks!


 






 this
      page last modified on 
7/13/2010return to top




 

 


