




medatrax, inc.













 


home
mx history
products
mx for allied health
contact us

 

welcome to medatrax!






                            medatrax advanced medical education informatics and data tracking systems 
                            provide on-line tools specifically designed to assist universities, colleges, 
                            and allied health educators to record and maintain complex student clinical 
                            criteria. medatrax provides internet accessible data entry and facilitates 
                            review of student recorded data. a robust administrative functionality is 
                            provided to monitor and control individual student progress. 


                             


                            medatrax technology is highly configurable and adaptable to either distance 
                            programs or campus based institutions. a variety of statistics, monitoring, and 
                            reporting information are included to assist and support all educator personnel.
                            


                             


                            medatrax, originally developed to track complex requirements for a graduate 
                            nursing program, is now available to track and maintain virtually any set 
                            criteria. 

 


medatrax…serving students and educators since 1999
  


                         
                        


             



            account type:
 


anesthesia
allied health
midwife
nurse practitioner
dnp
undergraduate
graduate
other allied health





            username:







            password:












don't remember your username or password?







  







  
 
 




medatrax philosophy
our mission:
                    at medatrax, our mission is to to provide the medical education profession with informatics 
                    solutions that will advance their teaching methodology and students' learning 
                    and development. medatrax has demonstrated a sustainable commitment to provide 
                    creative high quality, cost effective, web and mobile nursing education 
                    informatics solutions that make medatrax the "go to" brand for medical education 
                    provider’s informatics needs.
                    

our values:
                    medatrax values the advancement of academics, faculty practice, student education and patient 
                    outcomes through the integration of technology and informatics that embraces the 
                    cultural and academic diversity of each nursing school we serve. 
                    medatrax........ now in our 27th year of service to medical education.                
                 
					
 
 

customer support:

phone 
1-800-647-4838
email: 
webmaster@medatrax.com
support hours: 
monday-friday: 
8:00-9:00 pm cst
saturday: 
8:00-12:00 pm cst
sunday: 
closed

 
 

 


home | history | products | mx for allied health  | contact us
        copyright © 2025 medatrax® 
        


