


vintage trek bikes- information on steel road bicycles made by the trek bicycle corporation, bike



















trek 
              brochures 


price 
              lists and values


trek 
              history 


trek 
              timeline 


models/years/colors


serial 
              numbers


component 
              dates


gallery


contact


buy/sell 
              suggestions 


refurbish/upgrade 
               


bike 
              resources 


home


































 
 
 











"it's not 
          just a bike, it's an old trek*"
introduction




trek craftsmen mike appel 
                (left) and dick nolan. this photo (©trek) appeared in trek 
                brochures from 1976 through 1981. (click to enlarge.)



welcome to the unofficial vintage-trek* bicycle web 
          site. this is a noncommercial, just-for-fun, hobbyist site. 
the primary purpose of this site is to gather and disseminate 
          information about early lugged, steel-framed road bikes made 
          by the trek bicycle 
          corporation, waterloo, wisconsin. in response to popular demand, 
          the site has expanded to include not-so-vintage trek bikes of all kinds 
          as new as 2012. 
mountain bikers, and carbon and aluminum 
          aficionados do not despair - the brochure extracts on the site contain 
          a list of specs for all of the bikes trek produced in that year. additionally, 
          the table of trek models 
          by year includes all trek bikes through 2005. 
other resources -  specs for all treks 93 and 
          newer are on the bikepedia.com 
          site. additionally, specifications and pictures for 2003 and newer treks 
          are available on the trekbikes.com 
          web site archives.)
before this site began, in various bicycle-related internet 
          discussion forums there were posted questions like:

how old is my trek?
how was it equipped when new?
what was the original selling price?
where was it in the price/quality hierarchy? 

the query usually went unanswered. this site is an attempt 
          to provide the information that answers questions such as these.
what is on this 
          page?
 introduction 
          | on this site | is 
          it a trek?
determining year and model 
          |  collectability 
          |  contributors
comments appreciated | 
          contact | about this site 
          |  my treks






trek 1978 
                tx900 headbadge. photo courtesy chas. porter



what 
          is on this site?
on this site are trek 
          brochures or catalogs covering the period 1976 to 2012. there 
          also are four early price 
          lists from bike shops in santa barbara, ca. the 
          price list and values page also has a list of bike prices when new. 
          this information was provided mostly by visitors to this site. this 
          page also includes suggestions for estimating the current value of a 
          vintage trek.
there is a timeline 
          for steel trek road bikes that often can be used to identify or date 
          a frame. a table of trek 
          models by year and color includes virtually all trek bikes from 
          1976 through 2005.
serial number information can be found on the serial 
          number page. 
methods of determining the date of manufacture of bicycle 
          components (and often the bikes they are on) are described here.



notice: 
                we are trying to sort out nitto manufacturer's date codes.
see here 
                for details.



suggestions 
          for buying or selling a vintage trek are given on the site as well 
          as tips for refurbishing or 
          upgrading your bike. included is a section on general specifications 
          for vintage treks. 
there also are catalogs from gary 
          fisher (1988-2010); klein (1989-2008), and lemond (1996-2008) on 
          the site. 
is 
          it a trek?
it usually is easy to identify a bike frame as a trek, 
          even if it has been repainted, as virtually all of them have "trek" 
          conveniently stamped or cast into one or more places on the frame. possible 
          locations are the top of the seat stays, the seat lug, the bottom bracket, 
          and the top of the fork crown. an exception is the tx900 which has no 
          cast-in "trek".
determining 
          the year and model of your steel trek
one often has to be a bit of a detective to sort this 
          out. 
for year:

if you know the model number, compare the colors 
            of your bike against the models/years/color 
            listing. this works only for treks from about 1982 onward. the earlier 
            bikes models were available in numerous colors.
check the serial number of the frame. if a 7 character 
            alphanumeric, see the results of the serial 
            number decoding project. if it is 6 digit numeric, in the range 
            000000 to 270975, go to the serial 
            number page to get the year and model number. if it is 6 digit 
            numeric higher than 270975, the year may be able to be determined 
            from the table ii on the serial number page. other serial number formats 
            are described on the serial 
            number page.
check the description of graphics by year in the 
            timeline to match 
            up your bike. go to the brochures, 
            the bikepedia.com 
            web site (for 1993 and newer), the trekbikes.com 
            web site archives (for 2003 and newer) and perhaps the gallery 
            for more detail. for most years, (generally 1981 and newer) color 
            is telling. for many models, two or more colors were available, but 
            only one color is pictured. the other is listed on the model description 
            page or in the separate specifications table. complicating bike identification 
            by color, trek occasionally added a bike color after the brochure 
            for that year was made. as they are identified, these additional colors 
            are included in the  
            models/year/colors page. if your frame has been repainted, you 
            may be able to find the original paint inside the bottom bracket shell, 
            seat tube, or head tube. occasionally, a frame was returned to trek 
            for repainting. trek would use the then current colors and graphics, 
            not the original ones. this means that color and graphics can (rarely) 
            be misleading as to year.
if your bike has a model name or model number, look 
            it up on the models/year/colors 
            table to find the years your bike was sold.
compare the components on the bike with those described 
            in the brochures, if you think they may be original. (btw - this is 
            tedious.) cranks and brakes (and often seatposts), are more likely 
            to be original than other components.
            (note: trek occasionally changed the components from what were described 
            in the brochures. improved parts became available during the year 
            or specified parts became unavailable. in the case of unavailable 
            parts, trek invariably substituted better parts.)
date the components on the bike (if you think they 
            are original), guided by the component 
            dates page. dated components most likely to be original are brakes, 
            handlebars, cranks and seatposts.

for model:
   

for some years, the model number (in the form xxx) 
            appears on the bike. easy - even i often get this right.
if the serial number is a 7 character alphanumeric, 
            see the results of the serial 
            number decoding project. if the number is a 6 digit numeral, check 
            to see if your serial number is listed on one of the serial 
            number years. 
racing? touring? sport? measure the chainstay length, 
            from the center of the crank to the center of the rear dropout. a 
            length of 43.5, 44, 44.5, up to 47 cm (the model 720 and 85 620) typically 
            is a touring model, racing models are shorter at 41 to 41.5 cm or 
            so. sport versions are somewhere in between, at 43 cm or so.
compare the components on the bike (and frame colors 
            on 81 and newer) with those described in the brochures. 
            or in the descriptions on the bikepedia.com 
            (93 and newer) or the trekbikes.com 
            web site archives (for 2003 and newer) web sites. 
for many models, two colors were available, but only 
            one color is pictured. the other is listed on the model description 
            page or in the separate specifications table.
eyelets on dropouts? (for fenders or racks) - typically 
            none on racing models (except for the first 4 or so years), yes on 
            touring models, yes on most sport models. 
rear derailleur cable routed above or below bottom 
            bracket? see 1982 timeline 
            page entry.
rear derailleur cable routed through right chainstay? 
            see 1985, 86, 87 timeline 
            page entries. 
cantilever brakes? = touring model. centerpull brakes 
            = touring (early 1982 720/728). sidepull brakes? very common. these 
            only rule out models with cantilever and centerpull brakes.
fastback seatstays with no trek stamped on seat lug 
            =tx900. (see  chas. 
            porter's bike in the gallery.) also, the tx900 has three holes, 
            of increasing size, in the top of the seat lugs and head lugs. 
a seatpost diameter of 27.4mm indicates a model 170. 
            the model tx300 is 26.8mm. all other vintage treks are 27.2mm. 
see is 
            it columbus tubing?

collectability 
          of steel treks
people often ask about the collectability of old treks. 
          here are some general comments from my own observations and from the 
          collected experience of others.
   
 

lots of steel trek bikes were made; most are not rare. however, 
            virtually all steel treks are quality riders and are valued as such. 
            vintage treks with upgraded components are more valuable as riders, 
            but this can decrease the value as a collector's item.

 

top level treks are considerably more collectable 
            than lower level bikes. however, keep in mind that an entry-level 
            trek is at a mid-level price/value in comparison to the offerings 
            of most other manufacturers. 



earlier treks are more valuable as they generally 
            are more rare. now that the serial numbers are generally understood, 
            one can verify the age of the frame.



condition is all important to collectability. a bike 
            with original paint is more desirable (to a collector) than a repainted 
            bike. additionally, bikes with components as provided by the factory 
            are more desirable to the collector. in the case of bikes originally 
            bought as bare frames, the components should be period correct.



the early bikes were built with traditional frame 
            building methods and therefore are more desirable to the collector 
            (in my view). this change from traditional methods to more automated 
            methods was fairly gradual from 1976 to 1980, but then increased. 
            cast one-piece head tube/head lug assemblies appeared on some bikes 
            in 1980 or 81. this began with lower level bikes but extended to mid 
            level bikes later. (a small picture of this headtube/lug device is 
            on page 2 of the 89 
            catalog.) cast seat lugs, with sockets for the stays, appeared 
            in about 1984. artisan frame builders were generally replaced with 
            frame technicians in the early 80s as more automated techniques were 
            developed and employed. these changes did not necessarily reduce the 
            quality of the frames, but did move trek farther from traditional 
            methods. this did achieve the goal of reducing production costs and 
            helped keep trek cost competitive (and solvent) in a highly competitive 
            environment. 



vintage trek bikes do not (yet) have the cachet of 
            some english or european bikes, which generally have a much longer 
            history. however, during the vintage-trek period, the 
            quality of the frame materials, construction methods, and finish are 
            certainly equal or superior to the vast majority of english and european 
            top-level production bikes, and exceed many custom bikes as well.


 

the early trek bikes, up to about 1983, have fender 
            clearance. (the touring bikes beyond 83 all have fender clearance.) 
            if people want a proper wide-tired touring bike, winter bike, or rain 
            bike, all with fender clearance, they must typically buy a modern 
            cyclocross bike or a custom bike. most other modern road bikes don’t 
            have the clearance (and don't have lugs). this helps keep vintage 
            treks popular as riders.



the early bikes, 1976 to about 82, were built using 
            sliver solder, a more costly and desirable method. many later models 
            were built, at least partially, with sliver as well.



ishiwata 022 steel frames were less expensive than 
            reynolds- or columbus-tubed frames, but the steel quality was equal 
            to the others. they are often described as “best value”.

some vintage frame or bike models have special significance; 
          these include the tx900, 720/728, 170, and 520.
the tx900 was the early top-of-the-line frameset, 
          dating from 1976 to mid 1978. the columbus tubing, racing geometry, 
          and fastback seat stays were characteristic of this model (not to be 
          confused with the later bikes from the mid-80s having cast socketed 
          seat lugs in fastback form). another special feature is the three holes, 
          of increasing size, in the top of the seat lugs and head lugs. the unique 
          and distinctive design, and relative rarity, adds to the value of these 
          frames.
the 720/728 touring bikes, dating from 82-85 
          were (and still are) highly-rated bikes for serious touring. the long 
          chainstays, 47cm, provide heel clearance for the rear panniers, and 
          contribute to a comfortable ride. these frames and bikes are still highly 
          sought after by knowledgeable tourists. a similar steel lugged frame 
          is not currently available except from a custom framemaker. in my opinion, 
          these framesets and bikes will only increase in value over time. the 
          steel racing treks will never again be used by top racers for racing. 
          however, the 720 will be used (and coveted) by experienced tourists 
          well into the future. trek made a total of 7929 720 and 728 bikes and 
          frames (number calculated by mitch hawker). 
(note: trek ran out of model numbers; don't confuse 
          these touring 720s with the 1990-1999 model 720 multitrack bikes.)
the model 170, arguably trek’s best steel 
          racing frame, was available during the period 1983 to 1985. they were 
          made with reynolds 753 tubing. among their users was the 7-11 team. 
          tim isaac designed the 170. expert framebuilders john thompson, rick faultersack, and kelly gamble built them.  
the 520 touring bike first appeared in 1983 and 
          probably has made more trans-america crossings than any other bike model. 
          it still is offered by trek in steel (although not lugged), which has 
          helped maintain significant model recognition among bicyclists. this 
          longevity and popularity has raised the value of this bike over similarly-priced 
          vintage treks of the period. 
two parameters are specially important to the 520 over 
          the years: chainstay length (as pointed out by robert cooke) and the 
          type of brakes used. long chainstays are used on touring bikes to provide 
          a more stable, cushioned ride and to provide more room for panniers 
          (saddle bags). serious touring bikes in the 80s and 90s were equipped 
          with cantilever brakes (the classic center-pull cantilevers). these 
          were considered powerful enough to stop a heavily loaded bike going 
          downhill. the sidepull brakes of the time were considered less capable 
          for such extreme duty. it wasn't until shimano developed their "v-brake" 
          (known generically as the side-pull cantilever or the direct pull brake) 
          that a viable alternative to the traditional cantilever was available. 
          this new brake was used on the 520 after 1999. the table below shows 
          these two 520 characteristics through time. these data should be of 
          use to people who plan to buy a vintage 520.
table i - brake type and chainstay 
          length for trek model 520 from 1983 through 2012



year


designation
                used by trek


brake type


chainstay
                length, cm




1983


touring


sidepull


43




1984


touring


cantilever


45.5




1985


sport touring


sidepull


42.5




1986


sport touring


sidepull


42.5




1987


touring


cantilever


45.5




1988


touring


cantilever


45.5




1989


touring


cantilever


45.5




1990


touring


cantilever


43




1991


touring


cantilever


43




1992


touring


cantilever


43




1993


touring


cantilever


43




1994


touring


cantilever


45




1995


touring


cantilever


45




1996


touring


cantilever


45




1997


touring


cantilever


45




1998


touring


cantilever


45




1999


touring


v-brake


45




2000 - 2012


touring


v-brake


45



 
the 620 touring bike was offered in 1983, 84, 
          and 85. it was a level above the 520, but because it was short lived 
          and no longer in production, it is not as familiar to potential purchasers. 
          on the used market, this often means less money for an even better bike. 
          only the 85 model had the extra-long 47cm chainstays, matching those 
          of the 720.
some trek models shared the same frame. for example, 
          if you want a 1983 frame with 620 geometry and materials, you can look 
          for a 1983 600, 630, or 640, all of which have the same characteristics 
          as the 620. the geometry and frame materials are normally given in the 
          brochure for that year.

contributors








1984 model 770 with custom paint.
                picture provided by wayne bingham.



many thanks to the people who have contributed significant 
          information to the site. they are: tom adams, , mark agree, don allgire, peter berger, 
          wayne bingham, alan burnett, larry black, dave breitlow, ed brown, colin 
          campbell, dan carlsson, mark carter, andrew chadwick, chris clement, 
          bill clements, chris cleveland, john colt, nels cone, robert cooke, 
          mark crabtree, julia degrace, kris echert, taryn echert, anita edens, 
          dave evans, david feldman, ivan feldman, erik frey, tim fricker, cory 
          fry, rich ferguson, marsha gill, don gillies, dickey greer, john hallows, 
          lyle hanson, d. hansen, keith hatfull, mitch hawker, sean hickey, george 
          hoechst, bill howard, jim jack, jennings kilgore, michael johnson, john 
          keller, steve kurt, jeff kwapil, jp lacy, kevin maher, dave mann, steve 
          mann, tom marshall (t-mar), tom meara, michael mccullough, marty meison, 
          lou miranda, dale mizer, greg mooncalf, mike marro, kirt murray, george 
          nenni, larry osborn, dennis pieper, andy poplawski, chas. porter, tim 
          rangitsch, jack romaine, michael a. roberts, brandon rouse, roger sacilotto, john satory, 
          paul schleck, travis sherwood, dan shindelar, bruce squires, dave staublin, 
          jay st. john, scott stulken, tom sustarich, mike swantak, david temple, 
          elisabeth thomas-matej, kevin tita, craig tornga, kevin truelove, mark 
          wade, martin walsh, leighton walter, ben weiner, luker white, and brad 
          ziegler.
this site would not have been possible without their 
          help and support. i know there will be more to thank in the future. 
          
the list above does not include the many hundreds of 
          other people who have provided a serial number or other smaller contribution 
          to the site. our hearfelt thanks to these folks as well.
comments 
          and information appreciated
please send your comments, corrections, 
          and materials! if you have additional information about steel treks; 
          old brochures, price sheets, or other information, please pass them 
          along. easiest digital form is probably as .gif files (for graphics) 
          or .jpg files (for photographs) scanned at 150 dpi or more. if you send 
          printed information, it will be scanned and returned to you.
currently, i am not adding more photos to the gallery. 
          now that we have all (or virtually all) of the brochures/catalogs for 
          each year, the gallery is not as important as it was earlier. my current 
          task is to sort out the many other forms of serial numbers used on trek 
          bikes throughout the years.
how 
          to contact me

skip echert - e-mail: skip@skipechert.com


about this site
at a bicycle shop in santa barbara, in about 1978, i 
          picked up a trek brochure which described the "pre owned" 
          frame/bike that i had just purchased. in 2001, i found that brochure 
          in my old papers and was surprised to find two other trek brochures 
          and four price lists that i had salted away as well. these materials 
          were the genesis of this site, which went online in 2001. the amount 
          of material on the site has grown steadily over time, much of it from 
          the information and documents generously provided by site visitors. 
          
as the site expanded, and visitors could find information 
          to answer their questions, the nature of the questions has evolved. 
          for example, i now get few questions about the early serial numbers 
          (as they now are well documented) but more about the many later ones 
          used by trek. 
the site currently gets 12,000 to 20,000 unique visitors 
          per month. we have received and replied to over 2400 emails. many of 
          the questions asked and then researched have been the basis for information 
          added to the site.
my treks
i have a trek tx900, originally sold new (frame only) 
          in 1977 to a very accomplished teenager who raced it in and around santa 
          barbara, ca. he had equipped it mostly with campagnolo nuovo record 
          parts from 1973 and earlier, a zeus front hub, a super olimpic rear 
          hub, and cinelli bars and stem. he, or the previous owner, had replaced 
          many of the steel bolts in the components with titanium or aluminum 
          after-market items. i purchased it from him in 1978 for the sum of $375. 
          he was 16 when he sold it, after discovering girls and cars. 
a few years ago, i replaced the sew-up rims with clinchers, 
          carefully spread the rear triangle to 126mm and replaced the (then) 
          splitting rear hub with a 6 speed campagnolo model. at the urging of 
          don altman, a bike-savvy friend, i replaced the the teledyne titanium 
          crank axle (by the way - beautifully crafted) with a stock campagnolo 
          model. don knew that many of these aftermarket axles had failed - with 
          painful consequences for the rider. (i was probably perfectly safe, 
          as my horsepower output could never be described as "gear busting"). 
          after making this substitution, i realized the axle had been the cause 
          of wobble in the chainrings. with these changes, the bike now is even 
          a greater joy to ride. perhaps one day the tx900 will have matching 
          rims, tires, hubs, and brake pads. (or would that just indicate a lack 
          of imagination on my part?)
in 2002, i bought a 1981 model 613, in almost new condition, 
          at recycled 
          cycles in seattle. i decided this would be my (almost) modern bike. 
          it is now a 24-speed index shifter, assembled from used and new parts. 
          see this gallery page 
          for details. 
in june of 09, john keller, a major contributor to the 
          site, gave me a 1980 model 710 frame in excellent condition. 
          wow! the results of the buildup can be seen on a 
          page in the gallery.
i received the fabulous gift of a 1985 model 720 frameset in april of 2014. it was from numerous members of the bikeforums.net classic and vintage forum. it was offered as a thank you for the vintage-trek website. what generous people! earlier, in corresponding with dave vegafria about his 720s, i casually mentioned my long-term hope of getting a 720 one day. without mentioning anything to me, dave thought the time could be sooner. he posed the question on the forum and got dozens of offers of support. since it arrived, i have gathered almost all of the needed components.  when finished, it will be in the gallery.
my son has a 1993 model 8700 trek carbon-tubed mountain 
          bike. he bought it at a local pawn shop for $100 in 2004. it had been 
          updated with an early suspension fork. 
 
 introduction 
          | on this site | identify 
          as a trek | determining 
          year and model | collectability
contributors | comments 
          appreciated | contact | 
          about this site |  
          my treks
   
   



 
 
brochures 
          | price lists and values 
          | trek history  | 
          trek timeline | 
          serial numbers
component dates 
          | gallery | 
          contact | buy/sell suggestions
refurbish/upgrade | 
          bike resources 
          | home 
*trek is a trademark 
          of trek bicycle corporation, waterloo, wi
all copyrights in 
          the trek brochures, pricelists, owner's manuals and photographs displayed 
          on this website are the sole property of trek bicycle corporation, waterloo, 
          wisconsin.
all materials in 
          this site not copyrighted by others are copyright © 2001-2015 skip 
          echert web associates, all rights reserved.
  



custom-golf-vacations.com/misc_links.htm


search 
                engine optimization, web site promotion



 






