


free - employee morale  survey


























 home  |  about us  |  free resources  |   products  |  teleseminars  |    leadership blog  |  membership login | contact us 

















workplace leaders
                              motivate your employees and improve employee relationships.


 employee morale boosters
                              create happy employees with positive attitudes. 


jr. high and high school teachers
                              teach a teen leadership course with our easy leadership curriculum.








free leadership  quiz. 
                          and leadership tips
free employee morale assessment and 
                            weekly morale boosters

free report: easy ways to 
                          teach  leadership skills to teens





watch this short video. then sign up below for 
                      free    morale boosters & leadership tips for the 
                      workplace, that  also work great for schools, and organizations









harriet meyerson, founder of confidencecenter.com 
"boosting morale is essential for any leader. 
"these free morale boosters will jump-start  employee morale at your company, organization or school."


what raving fans say... 
"i  enjoy receiving your newsletters every tuesday. they are truly motivational and entertaining. i have shared your newsletter with several of my colleagues over the years.  
"so, i just want to say thank you - for the articles, tips, leadership skills - they have helped me tremendously."
camille alexander
"your newsletter should be mandatory reading for all managers
                        and supervisors"
caryl bugert, kaiser permanente 
"my ability to manage my team and to create a positive, enthusiastic 
                          workplace has really improved with help from your newsletter. thanks  -"
susan reisinge, humana military healthcare services
"i gave the assessment to 23 of my employees and in six out of the seven categories, the score  was that morale at the company could use a tune up. 
thank you for assisting me in making my workplace a better one". 
valerie fitts












sign up below for free morale boosters & leadership tips



employee morale survey
the top 10 morale boosters
weekly employee morale boosters & leadership tips... that also work great for schools and organizations
 















first name



email






privacy policy: we will never give your email address to anyone. 




"i love the newsletters.  i use the word/quote along with the trivia question of the week for my department meetings.  the words and quotes are meaningful and make individuals think.  many times they are very relevant to what is happening within our group.  
"when giving them the trivia question, i never include the answer.  they all get to guess.  i even have my supervisor looking forward to what my question might be. 

                        "keep up the tremendous work that you are doing.  it is not an easy job motivating and keeping up employee morale but with your guidance, it is much easier and also fun."
linda arvidson, kleinbank
"our fun committee is working great!  we are doing potlucks every 3 months and everyone is really getting into it.  i have been getting ideas from the newsletters, and been putting the quotes up on my dry erase board each week...and a joke or two!
" i look forward to the newsletter each week, to see what great ideas i can use!  thanks for the great tips!"
kirsta houchin                      
"i have used several of your ideas to further engage my team members. the most memorable is the "you're a good egg" one.   team members are still talking about it.   i plan to do " a bowlful of employee appreciation" too!
"my team members always wonder where i get all of the "cool" ideas from. i have to tell them it's not me- it's harriet's employee morale tips newsletter!"                      
angela durrett
sign up for your free morale boosters and newsletter now!






find us on google+ | facebook | twitter | youtube | pinterest



the confidence center is a proud sponsor of junior achievement




a portion of our proceeds have been donated to junior achievement, a non-profit organization that provides volunteers to teach entrapreneurship and financial literacy in the schools throughout america and the world. 
see photos from when we volunteered at the junior achievement finance park.
















the 
        confidence center • dallas, texas usa 
harriet 
        meyerson, founder

email is the best way to reach us: information [at] confidencecenter.com (replace the  [at]
          with  @.)
telephone voicemail (leave a detailed message.): 1+214-736-4141 

         (if you call from anywhere in the usa or canada, you may use the button below  without long distance charges .) 












  last modified: 
  1/23/20














