cancun hotels: find cancun hotel information and read reviews by hotelguide
homeaboutcontactcancun hotels - homepageespañoladd your hotel area hotel rates group hotel rates metroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > cancun homepagecancun hotelshotel posts“luxury resort in cancun”“beautiful surroundings combined with top-notch service have made the fiesta americana gra…”posted by: fiesta americana coral beach“hotel isla murejes ixhel beach”“among the best hotels in isla mujeres, visit ixchel beach hotel, a two wing, two phase co…”posted by: lxchel beach hotel“located only 2 km from the convention center”“nestled in the heart of the hotel zone of cancun, within the residential area of the canc…”posted by: holiday inn express cancun zona hotelerahotels may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“is this an all inclusive resort?”non-member, reader - “i am coming to your resort in june, and wanted to know if y…”said about: marriott casa magna resort“is this an all inclusive resort?”private member, memphis - “i am coming to your resort in june, and wanted to know…”said about: marriott casa magna resort“so so - not super impressed”rosie, ann arbor - “we just got back from a week at the oasis cancun.  we booke…”said about: oasis cancunreaders are welcome to share opinions.by location » by name » (try keywords "hotel with a pool")
welcome to hotelguide.networks' directory of hotels and hotel reviews for cancun, quintana roo, mexico!

springing up from the sands like a glittering jewel in 1974, cancun was mapped out by mexican tourism authorities as a computer-generated resort to bring sun-thirsty travelers to the yucatan peninsula. since a start with one hotel, cancun has mushroomed to more than 21,000 hotel rooms spread out over 14 miles of gorgeous beach. this resort by the sea, featuring water sports galore and plenty of nearby golf, also serves as a springboard for exploration of the ruins of tulum, chichen itza and other mayan strongholds. to mix with locals and get more of a taste of mexico, guests from the zona hotelera (tourist zone) often head to the centro (cancun city) to partake of festive times in bars, restaurants, and open-air markets. other attractions include proximity to the islands of cozumel or the isla mujeres for day-trips by ferry from nearby playa del carmen, a fast-growing fishing village retaining an air of mexican authenticity. also within day-tripper distance from mainland cancun are attractions such as sian ka'an biosphere reserve (a million-acre nature preserve of wetlands, tropical forest and marine systems that is a unesco world heritage site), xel-ha (a labyrinth of inlets, lagoons, and caves for swimming and snorkeling), and xcaret (a 250-acre coastal water park that was a mayan settlement). near the zona hotelera (a strip shaped like a number seven connected by mainland causeways), there await miles of white sand that leave plenty of breathing room for anyone seeking to relax away from the throngs descending during the ever-popular spring break.

we have organized our listings of cancun's local hotel accommodations into several geographic 
areas and alphabetically.  you can begin browsing for hotels in the greater cancun area by 
selecting one of the links shown below.

if you are comparing spring break destinations, you may also wish to have 
a look at the hotelguide panama city and 
hotelguide daytona beach.



browse hotels by location:
·punta cancun(zona hotelera) the extreme northeast tip of the hotel district features some of the better and safer beaches. hotels here are closest to the convention center and a concentration of shops and restaurants. 

·cancun city(ciudad cancún) hotels in the mainland area of cancun, including puerto morelos and the downtown area. 

·isla mujeres
hotels just 40 minutes away from the mainland by ferry, with generally less expensive rates. 

·playa del carmen
hotels in playa del carmen, a few minutes drive south of cancun, gateway to cozumel. 

·cozumel metro
hotel options on the nearby island of cozumel. 

·cancun island(zona hotelera) isla cancun, shaped like a big number "7," is cancun's tourist district or hotel district, with the majority of hotels and nightlife. 




browse hotels by name:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
you can return to the hotelguide cancun home page at any time by pressing on the "hotelguide" button in the left margin of the page.
area facts: cancun is warm all year round with a steady sea breeze. the international dialing code for mexico is 52. 
« top of pageadjacent links:cozumel hotelsother links:smart highway daynational metaverse daycayman islands hotelscorpus christi hotelsflorida keys hotelsmexico city hotelssan jose hotelsother versions:cancún guía de hotelesmetroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > cancun homepage« top of page | sitemap 
© 1996-2025, metroguide.com all rights reserved.privacy policy | terms and conditionsto list your hotel with the cancun hotelguide service: click here.to contact hotelguide: click here.hotelguide and hotelguide cancun are service marks of metroguide.com, inc. hotelguide network is a registered service mark of metroguide.com, inc. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. metroguide.com, inc. does not own or operate hotel properties. metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidenightguidehotelguideattractionguidecruiseguidemore locations...
cancun hotels:our readers'3 smile favoritesgran melia cancun beach & spa resortflamingo cancun resort & plazabel air collection cancunperla del caribeaquamarina beach hotelbest western cancun clipper clubcancun palacecrown paradise clubambiance villas all-suite beach resortme cancunoasis cancunomni cancun hotel & villasroyal solaris cancunsun palaceblue bay club & marinahotels by featurenon-smoking hotelwifipet-friendlymeeting facilitygay-friendlyswimming poolfitness centerin-room safelarge hotelsmall hotel





