





russia profile - what you need to know about russia







































skip to content







menu


home
russian culture
financial system
science
russian politicians
contacts
privacy policy
 











 russia profile
what you need to know about russia













menu


home
russian culture
financial system
science
russian politicians
contacts
privacy policy
 

























 



uncategorized 
weekend trading with binomo 
october 1, 2020 


the latest developments in technology have made it possible for traders to enter trade positions even during weekends.… 


daniel 






 



online casinocasino online regulation russia 
why are online casinos banned in russia? 
september 16, 2020 


russia has targeted unlicensed online casino operators for the past few years in an attempt to stop illegal gambling in the country and offer better protection to its citizens. russia is blocking online gambling domains at a faster rate than … 


daniel 





 



financial system russian culturefacts geography history russia russians society 
true facts which can help you to understand russia and russians 
november 11, 2019 


russia is huge both literally and metaphorically. aside from its physical bulk, it has loomed like a specter over the west for decades. because of its size and history, people all over the world made up legends and myths about … 


danielcomment on true facts which can help you to understand russia and russians 





 



financial systemfinance forex regulation 
new rules for russian forex brokers in 2020: facts & figures 
february 17, 2019 


popular forex brokers like iq option, olymp trade and binomo stop accepting new customers from russia. new regulation will dramatically change the forex industry in 2020.… 


daniel 





 



financial systembudget economy finance financial russia system 
tendencies in the financial system of the russian federation 
august 10, 2018 


the financial system of the russian federation is a combination of various areas and norms of financial relations, each of which is characterized by their own features and they play own role in the formation of the budget. 
russia has … 


danielcomment on tendencies in the financial system of the russian federation 





 



russian politiciansinfluence politics putin russia 
ten russian politicians, who make influence on the country 
june 23, 2018 


clans and confined groups, based on the principles of geography and the fact of personal links, have always played an important part in the highest levels of power in the soviet union and then in russia. 
after vladimir putin came … 


danielcomment on ten russian politicians, who make influence on the country 





 



russian cultureculture differences eu europe russia 
what is the difference between russian and european culture? 
may 9, 2018 


do russia and the european union belong to the same culture? the differences are undebatable. how big are they? how do they affect the cooperation between the eu and russia? these questions have great practical importance. it is obvious, that … 


danielcomment on what is the difference between russian and european culture? 





 



sciencearea leading modern russia science 
priority areas of the modern russian science 
april 16, 2018 


russia as many other countries deserves to be one the leading land in a scientific question. еhere are about 3.5 thousand organizations engaged in research and development. about 70% of these organizations are owned by the state. 
currently, the framework … 


danielcomment on priority areas of the modern russian science 








search for:



 russian culture
tweets by @@rusartculture








							powered by about russia 2018						
 | 
							copyright ©   |  .				

privacy policy 



go top








