







the mammals



















































        
          
            the mammals
          
        
      








































cart
















0
















            home
          

            bio
          

            videos
          

        store
      

            contact
          

            mike + ruthy
          

        the hoot
      



            mailing list
          

        patreon
      




















































































cart
















0











homebiovideosstorecontactmike + ruthythe hoot





                
                  
                    the mammals
                  
                
              
subversive acoustic traditionalists




mailing listpatreon











  










let’s stay in touch! 




email address






join our monthly newsletter





thank you!





concertssat., 4/26 wolfeboro friends of music, wolfeboro, nh (quintet)sat., 5/10 stone church coffee house, bristol, ri (duo)5/27 - 6/2 aegean opus, hydra, greece (duo)a six-night music retreat to a car free greek island paradise hosted by jude roberts & veronica fannincontact judefri., 7/18 grey fox festival, oak hill, ny (quintet) 4pm catksill stage; 7pm creekside stagesat., 7/19 grey fox festival, oak hill, ny (duo)1:15 grassroots stage; 6pm happy traum tributesat., 8/23 summer hoot, olivebridge, ny (quintet)∞∞∞album release tour: autumn 2025∞∞∞












nonet bonus disc available for streaming and download.














new single “unpopular ideas” out now.



listen to “lightning in a bottle”," our full set from the 2021 summer hoot. 


    bandcamp
  




    itunes
  




    apple
  




    youtube 
  




    spotify
  



"some of the best folk-rock music you will ever hear.” - tapeop“nonet marshals the defiant spirit needed to heal a damaged world”  - no depression “the mammals aren’t the first band to mix an indie-rock sensibility with bluegrass sounds, but they’re gradually becoming one of the best.”  - no depression












“this evening’s show will be remembered as an ‘i was there moment’ by the packed audience that had turned out to witness one of new york state’s finest treasures.”  read the graeme tait review of our april 7, 2023  kirtin-in-lindsey performance. 














“woody was in it for the revolution, the quiet churning of good deeds and good thoughts—and good times—with which we sew a hand-me-down quilt of goodwill, one generation at a time. that’s what i’m in it for, too.” read mike’s rumination of woody guthrie via folk alley.com 














latest interview for two decades, the mammals have built a reputation for writing honest songs that not only connect with their listeners on an emotional level, but also explore the idea that people are capable of building a better world. now, as people in the u.s. are emerging from quarantine and there is much talk about how to go “back” to something better than “normal,” i was curious how the mammals’ mike merenda and ruthy ungar were thinking about these things. in our recent conversation for the podcast, we got into those topics, as well as the relationship between music and food, the relationship between passion and productivity, and what lessons they’re carrying with them as they return to the stage with their songs. -kim ruehl



 

“the mammals tell stories that are at once topical and timeless, bearing a message of hope and empowerment with a modern string-band sound.”- freshgrass festival“protest folk records are usually reactionary, but somehow mike + ruthy seem to have predicted this moment with their new album.”  - wmbr “pipeline”“the songwriting of the mammals is firmly rooted in the hand-me-down folk music of politics, community and rural splendor.” - american songwriter 

 

“transcendent new album from a brilliant group. do yourself a favor and listen please. joy-generator right here.”  - rhett miller “nothing short of sublime. 9/10” - americana uk  



”[nonet] is big and free and uplifting me at the perfect time! a great f***in’ record.”  - ani difranco“the mammals are solid-gold-hearted and their music is too. check this one out. ”  - anais mitchell 

 

"what was likely written as an album about where hope resides in a strange political season, reads now as an album about all the reasons to put our selves aside and protect our neighbors. after all, we humans are capable of all of this when we get together—the hope but also the layers of sound, the ability to turn darkness and fear into something you can crank up with the windows down. something that can feel a little like freedom, even when you’re not leaving the house.”  - kim ruehl, folk alley

 



subscribe
sign up with your email address to receive monthly news and updates.





first name



last name




email address






sign up




we respect your privacy.
thank you!





become a patron or leave us a tip viawww.patreon.com/themammals https://www.paypal.me/humbleabodemusic  https://venmo.com/humbleabodemusic (@humbleabodemusic)thanks!












one-time donation 


























one-time donation. 




















 





discographyfreedom tickler














































powered by squarespace

 





    footer:








