









position analysis questionnaire (paq) | job analysis questionnaire











































log in





products





learn more about eri’s assessor platform
find market rates for jobs by location, industry, and size.

try a free demo 


assessor series platform
see our products
salary assessor
geographic assessor
relocation assessor
executive compensation assessor
nonprofit comparables assessor
occupational assessor
global salary calculator


solutions
pay equity
salary survey management
shift differentials
minimum wage
employee benefits data
pay grades


salary surveys
access salary surveys
participate


updates
what's new
dataset updates
all assessor platform features







resources








view our latest white paper
national compensation analysis series: salary growth by job level and job family
download now





hr news
white papers
blog
webinars
newsletters
videos


tools
view our resources
career planning
bardahl calculator
black-scholes calculator
summary compensation information
position analysis questionnaire (paq)


online education
assessor webinars
glossary
compensation courses
continuing education
hr resources
distance learning center







about





eri has been focused on researching compensation for over 30 years
our only business is data.  we have no conflict of interest from consulting or contracting, which allows us to stay independent and objective.


learn more 


about eri
who we are
faqs
testimonials
what's new
contact us
try a demo


our data
data integrity and validation
methodology




learn about the latest updates for north american minimum wage changes on a monthly basis.
read now




contact us




800-627-3697
info.eri@erieri.com
try our products
log in











menu




position analysis questionnaire  (paq)







                        the paq is a structured job analysis questionnaire that aids the user in conducting a quantified analysis of a given job. to complete a job analysis using the paq, the user reviews background information, observes the job, and conducts thorough interviews with job incumbents to determine job content then rates the extent to which each item on a standard list of paq job elements applies to that particular job. there are six types of rating scales used in the paq: extent of use; importance to this job; amount of time; possibility of occurrence; applicability; and item-specific scales.
                    

                        the paq consists of 187 items related to job activities or work situation. there are an additional 8 items related to the type of compensation received by the job incumbents. the paq items are organized into six divisions: information input, mental processes, work output, relationships with other persons, job context, and other job characteristics. these divisions provide a frame of reference for thinking about the major aspects of virtually any job. familiarity with the overall structure of the paq will enable the analyst to obtain a very thorough analysis of a job. the analyst must recognize, however, that job incumbents seldom share this conceptual structure. therefore, it is important that the analyst become adept at organizing the data obtained from the job analysis in a fashion both consistent with the paq and comprehensible to the job incumbents.
                    

                        the organization of the paq into these six divisions provides the analyst with a logical structure to use in approaching the analysis of any job and in organizing the data obtained from the job analysis. the six divisions address the various types of activities a person may encounter in a job. some organizations have employees who specialize in describing and studying jobs for a variety of human resource management purposes and may have training as job analysts. these individuals can readily use the paq as part of the job analysis process. individuals who are not trained job analysts, but who work in staff positions in human resource or related departments, may become competent job analysts with appropriate training. the job analysis manual can be especially valuable to both types of staff members who are looking to serve as job analysts. generally speaking, the paq should not be completed by job incumbents or supervisors.
                    









view the paq order form
click here to download our structured job analysis questionnaire
view form








resources for college instructors
free materials and web access services for college instructors
view resources



if you have questions, please call
800.627.3697
or
email info.eri@erieri.com








see our most popular compensation software




salaryassessor





geographicassessor





global salarycalculator












solutions


salary assessor


executive compensation assessor


geographic assessor


relocation assessor


nonprofit comparables assessor


occupational assessor


global salary calculator




resources




white papers


blog


webinars


glossary


newsletters


career planning






distance learning center


compensation courses


continuing education


hr resources


for college instructors


see all resources...







contact us

                            111 academy way
                            suite 270
                            irvine, ca 92617
                            tel:  800.627.3697
                            email: info.eri@erieri.com






subscribe to our monthly newsletter

subscribe










2025 © eri economic research institute, inc. all rights reserved.
privacy policy | terms of service | site map




 














