












home | beaverhill bird observatory













menu
beaverhill bird observatory








welcome


about bbo


visiting bbo


history


beaverhill lake


our staff


board of directors




programs


migration monitoring


m.a.p.s.


tree swallows


owl migration monitoring


motus


student interns


international


young ornithologist workshop


other programs




updates


banding summaries


band recoveries


sightings




publications


publications


annual reports


papers, reports & manuals


the willet


student interns


climate change blog


what is climate change


drought: what can we do?


migration and climate change; a complicated relationship (part 1)


migration and climate change; a complicated relationship (part 2)


climate change and birds’ resources






environmental education


birdsmart program


presentation topics


curriculum links


prices




birdbytes videos


birdbytes - banding a hummingbird


the absurd forest chicken


a rare interloper


birdfeeders and bird winter ecology


bohemian waxwings and the avoidable tragedy of windows




climate change


help protect birds




get involved


become a member


volunteer


volunteer training


donate


fundraising


endowment fund


leave a legacy


our supporters




directions


contact us




donate






 










climate change





help protect birds





join the bbo!

















birdsmart education
					
				
during the winter months, the bbo operates an education outreach program called birdsmart education. our staff give in-presentations with a live bird of prey to all grade levels (pre-k to 12) that are tailored to match the alberta curriculum and focus on birds, conservation and climate change. presentations are also available to afterschool groups, seniors homes, birthday parties and more! book your presentation today to meet a live bird of prey and learn about the natural world. 

								learn more
							











endowment fund
					
				
the bbo has established an endowment fund to help secure future research efforts!
as a non-profit, bbo relies on grants, donations and fundraising to continue the work we do, none of which can be counted on from year to year. by creating this endowment fund with the edmonton community foundation, we intend to eventually provide lifelong support to our organization, allowing us to continue our valuable conservation work without fear of interruption.
please visit this link to help contribute to our future research: https://www.ecfoundation.org/funds/beaverhill-bird-observatory-endowment-fund/











geoff holroyd young ornithologists' workshop
					
				
the beaverhill bird observatory’s geoff holroyd young ornithologists’ workshop is a week-long workshop to provide youths interested in birds with a practical, working knowledge and aesthetic appreciation of birds and their conservation. 
the workshop will run from saturday, august 9th to friday, august 15th . up to 10 participants, aged 15-18 years old, will be selected.  
youths will be provided with the opportunity to learn bird banding and identification skills from experienced ornithologists at our field research station east of tofield, alberta.  while applicants do not have to be top-notch birders, they have to share a keen interest in birds and conservation. 

								learn more
							

								young ornithologist application (2025)
							











bbo strategic plan
					
				
inspire appreciation and conservation of birds and biodiversity in alberta and elsewhere. 

								strategic plan 2022-2027
							











bbo merchandise
					
				
the bbo now has an online merchandise store! purchase t-shirts, hoodies, crew necks, and more with the bbo logo or an adorable northern saw-whet owl on it. check it out today!











birdbytes videos
					
				
bbo has been creating short educational videos on bird biology and diversity. learn about the birds we study and some fun facts about different species by watching these informative and entertaining videos!

								learn more
							












beaverhill bird observatory - bbo










contact us
beaverhill bird observatory
			po box 1418
			edmonton, alberta 
			t5j 2n5
biologist@beaverhillbirds.com


visit us
door-to-door directions


follow us

 facebook
 twitter
 youtube



support us

donate
volunteer
become a member


















