








top rated in 2025 of chautauqua hotels, the spencer hotel




















































































skip to main content










menu
toggle navigation





chautauqua, ny (716) 357-3785  check availability 





  check availability rooms 

all accommodations
full suites
junior suites
guest rooms
our apartment


specials
events & meetings
about us 

about the spencer hotel & spa
gift certificates
contact us
service commitment
policies & important information


things to do 

top things to do
chautauqua season events
what’s happening in chautauqua
wineries near the spencer hotel
area blog


 





























  








find the perfect room







chautauqua season schedule








explore our packages







plan your event








things to do








	[elementor-template id="18791"]  




stay at one of the top rated chautauqua hotels
a luxury western new york hotel in the heart of the chautauqua institution


book now
chautauqua institution 2025 season: june 21–august 24, 2025
now booking for 2025!
book online or call us (716) 357-3785

view the calendar of events
more captivating than opening your favorite storybook
travel down the rabbit hole with alice, step through the wardrobe to narnia, let jeeves the butler serve you, or go around the world in 80 days. a stay at our top-rated chautauqua, ny, bed and breakfast puts you right in the middle of your favorite literary works. wake up in rooms inspired by charles dickens, elizabeth browning, or william shakespeare. as the only literary-themed hotel in the united states, our quaint western new york resort features a unique atmosphere with each of chautauqua accommodations dedicated to authors. hand-painted murals, thoughtfully chosen books, and music in our 25 rooms and suites will help you escape to another world.
 

century-old charm
the spencer hotel was built in 1909 by mrs. ensign. it was a family-owned business until 1997, when the current owner, helen, bought it. since acquiring the spencer, helen has updated the entire hotel. in 2015 the spencer hotel & spa was accepted into the select registry bed and breakfast collection. this is an exclusive group of the finest bed and breakfasts in the country. the spencer hotel & spa is also now recognized as a significant historic landmark hotel by the national parks service. the spencer is the only building within chautauqua institution with this distinction. the hotel is steamboat gothic style and is richly appointed with beautiful antiques throughout.
when visiting the spencer, you will experience the old-world charm of a century-old hotel with modern amenities. some of these amenities include central air conditioning and heating, cable tv, free wi-fi, monogrammed robes, hair dryers, irons and ironing boards, and an elevator. a projector and movie screen are also available for use in the monet parlor.
in the heart of chautauqua institution 
stroll down the beautiful and well-kept grounds of our historic gated community. sit back and relax while you watch entertainment in the chautauqua amphitheater from the comfort of your porch. the spencer hotel & spa is located right in the center of the world-famous chautauqua institution in chautauqua, new york. chautauqua institution is a community of continued learning and personal development.
during the 9 week summer season, a multitude of events and classes are on the calendar daily. watch an opera or ballet, see your favorite band perform, take an art class, listen to a religious speaker, visit the library, get in a few holes at the golf course, or go for a sail. there is something for you at chautauqua institution, whether 3 or 93.
during chautauqua institution’s offseason, there are still so many things to do. the spencer is only a short walk from chautauqua lake. visit some of the local shops and restaurants during your stay. take a wine tour to some of the best wineries new york has to offer. explore nature on one of our local hiking trails or visit a museum for the afternoon.
exquisite cuisine and conversation
have a gourmet breakfast with your friends and family each morning in the peacock dining room. while dining, converse with those around you about the show you saw the night before or the speaker you are most excited to see. we are proud to offer world-class food in a family-style setting that leads to great conversations and new friendships.
quality service
from the moment you arrive at the spencer hotel & spa, you will experience a level of hospitality and service that will exceed any of your expectations. enjoy all the amenities and expertly trained staff of a fine hotel with the intimate and comfortable atmosphere of a bed and breakfast. our service commitment is our promise to make every moment of your stay as relaxing as possible. your room will be immaculate upon arrival and cleaned every morning of your stay. sleep with ease knowing the blanket on “the spencer bed,” our triple-sheeted king bed, will only be touched by you. lavatories at the spencer must pass a “white-glove” test and feature gilchrist & soames bath amenities.  please take time to stop and talk with any of our staff. they are welcoming, friendly, knowledgeable, and always love a good conversation.
let us host your event
the spencer hotel & spa is the perfect location for all your event needs. plan your corporate retreat, shower, family reunion, or other group events here. we can provide you with food, decorations, and activities for your group. our location in chautauqua institution, just a short walk from the lake, and our warm staff make us the perfect venue for your event.
pamper yourself
at the end of the day, you want to unwind and rid yourself of stress. there is no better place to relax than the spencer hotel. grab a glass of wine and book, then take a soak in our jetted clawfoot tubs. for further pampering, spend some time in our cedar steam sauna.
chautauqua, ny bed and breakfast packages
our packages make your stay at our chautauqua, ny, bed and breakfast extra special. plan your romantic getaway with our couple’s renewal or classic romance package. if a ladies’ trip or family reunion is more of your style, we also have packages for those. we have specials and packages available for just about everyone. we even have a murder mystery party package! you will not want to miss checking out these deals. if you do not see one that fits your occasion quite right, call us, and we can customize a package just for you.









accommodations



 
dorothy parker, room 109
being that dorothy lived in the 1920’s, this room captures the art deco feeling of the period. the room is classically decorated with the round mirrors, dresser and window treatments … 
learn more



 
charles dickens, room 206
simply spacious and dignified, the charles dickens apartment is in a class of its own. this apartment can accommodate the most guests for a comfortable stay – perfect for a … 
learn more



 
lewis carroll, room 305
the adventures of alice in wonderland begin as you are greeted by the cheshire cat upon arrival in the lewis carroll suite. the story unfolds as you greet the queen … 
learn more


view all accommodations



specials





 
ring in the new year with the spencer hotel & spa!




 
christmas dinner at the spencer hotel & spa!




 
laugh your cares away package


  view all specials
 

our blog






the historical robert h. jackson center
located in the charming city of jamestown, new york, the robert h. jackson center, less than 30 minutes away from our chautauqua bed and breakfast,  stands as a beacon of … 




 





visiting the national comedy center
a comedy mecca, unique museum experience, and spencer hotel special since opening its doors in 2018, the national comedy center has quickly become a beloved institution and destination for comedy … 




 





top winter events at chautauqua lake
the traditional new york winter may be cold, but visitors and locals sure are mighty! every year, guests bundle up with hats, scarves, mittens, and down jackets before braving the … 




 







more posts












contact usthe spencer hotel & spa
25 palestine avenue
chautauqua, ny 14722
1 (716) 357-3785

the spencer hotel & spa

25 palestine avenue
chautauqua, ny 14722





email: spencerhotel@gmail.com
phone: 716-357-3785
url: https://thespencer.com/
https://thespencer.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/logo-2.svg
$



connect with us 
facebook google plus instagram 


useful linksrooms
specials
about us
events & meetings
things to do
calendar of events
contact us
directions
blog
web accessibility policy

join our newsletter


email address *




please provide your consent to hear from spencer hotel by email:
  yes































 







© the spencer 2023. all rights reserved.
 






 
























email


call


book








