






international hotel management companies: buena vista hospitality group luxury resorts spas golf communities conference centers property consulting marketing condominiums corporation firms associates















buena vista hospitality group
international hospitality & golf management
operate, own, manage



home
services
projects
team
contact




 
“service, quality, unequaled, efficiently, enthusiastically given to each other and to our guest is the key to our success.”





company info
buena vista hospitality group (bvhg) is one of the world’s leading hospitality and golf management companies. incorporated in florida in 1986, bvhg is a orlando-based company whose principals have developed, owned, marketed and managed a wide array of lodging and golf properties during the past 25 years.
 

since its incorporation bvhg has successfully provided the full range of services for over 50 hotels, resorts, golf communities and clubs throughout the country and internationally.  the company is currently under contract for the development, management, and marketing of lodging and golf facilities in the united states, canada, cyprus, spain, mexico, brazil, croatia, turkey, italy, and the united kingdom. 
bvhg’s notable project experience includes: pga national resort & spa,  the 1,028 room buena vista palace resort & spa in walt disney world, the nicklaus signature rocky gap resort, the lpga international, the home of the ladies professional golf association; arnold palmer’s isleworth community;  the hotel royal plaza in the walt disney village, and the chateau cartier in quebec.   
bvhg has enjoyed tremendous stability as a company since its formation. the company is comprised of six partners. each of the partners has an ownership stake in the company. all partners have over 25 years of experience each in the hospitality, golf and residential community development management and marketing business

 




 
buena vista hospitality group (bvhg) was approved as a registered vendor for the fdic in november 2008 to provide services to members of that agency in the following naics categories:
 
   721110   hotels (except casino hotels) and motels
   721910   public golf courses and country clubs 
   541611   administrative management and general
                                management consulting services  
 
 
 
 
current projects
pga international resort-savernake club, wiltshire, england bvhg europe has a joint venture interest in a 150 year lease from the trustees of the savernake estate for tottenham house, the ancestral home  of the marquess of ailesbury. tottenham house is being converted into a five star deluxe resort with luxury accommodation, 138 bedrooms and 155 suites, restaurants, bars, conference and banqueting facilities, a peter alliss signature championship golf course, spa and many outdoor pursuits. bvhg europe will oversee the project and manage the resort on completion in 2011. the resort will then be known as the pga international resort at the savernake club, the first of bvhg’s pga international brand in europe.

more
project experience


services

development
pre-opening
management
golf management
expansion, renovation & re-design
consulting, financial structuring & brokerage
receivership, trusteeships & lender assignment
condominium hotel







worldwide offices
 


usa



england		  



italy		  







home |
services |
projects |
team |
contact |
privacy policy |
site map

© copyright 2017

, buena vista hospitality group

  

 


