













home page - nccmp
























































 















skip to content








 



about us

about nccmpboard of directorssteering committeeworking committeestaffmembership informationmembership applicationgeorge meany awardjohn l. lewispress releases/news
events

lawyers and administrators meetingtransatlantic conferenceannual conferenceall upcoming events
contact uspension

current efforts

multiemployer pension reform 
multiemployer pension reform actpension protection act 2006retirement security review commision
healthcare

current effortsaffordable care act
resources

healthcarepensionamicus briefscomments filedjoint comments with wpamulti-elertsarchives

















welcome to nccmp.
advocating on behalf of multiemployer plans, sponsoring employers and unions, participants and beneficiaries, and plan professionals to strengthen and preserve the multiemployer benefits system.









2025 annual conference
register today to join us and your peers in hollywood, fl on march 6-9, 2025 as we bring together an excellent cast of speakers with both deep technical expertise and practical experience to focus on the multiemployer topics that matter to you. 
learn more

















2026 annual conference 
march 06, 2025
hollywood, fl





2027 annual conference 
march 06, 2025
hollywood, fl







sign up today!
enter your email address below to stay up to date on breaking developments, issues, and legislation of interest to multiemployer plan sponsors and professionals, as well as the efforts of the nccmp on behalf of the multiemployer community.






home page sign up






if you are human, leave this field blank.


name
        




email address
        





submit
















george meany award
in 2019, the nccmp created the annual george meany award. named after a giant of the labor movement and a visionary leader who understood the importance, influence and power of workers capital, early on remarking “pension funds will someday be one of america’s most important sources of capital. labor must be at the table when that day comes.”
george meany was first elected president of the afl in 1952, and later proposed and negotiated the merger with the cio. in 1955 he became the first president of the afl-cio and led the organization until 1979.
learn more



recent work


multielert vol 23 issue 1 – nccmp statement on presidential veto of h.j. res. 30mariah becker march 20, 2023



multielert vol 22 issue 3 – nccmp 2022 achievements and engagementmariah becker december 1, 2022



multielert vol 22 issue 1 – reimbursement for over-the-counter covid-19 testsmariah becker january 15, 2022



see more











about nccmp

national coordinating committee for multiemployer plans
815 16th st nw
washington, dc 20006
nccmp@nccmp.org


navigate



about us
events
contact us
pension
healthcare
resources





stay connected





footer stay connected






if you are human, leave this field blank.


name
        




email address
        





submit











website created by mosaic




copyright nccmp









search




































 
