




  






longway charters



























skip to main content


  



longway charters skip to content
    
 






longway fishing charters – the experts

 july 13, 2020 kurt burkeblog no comments 
 
 

during january, it is usually a little cold in little river. this provides an excellent opportunity to catch trout and redfish inshore, or bottom feeders if you go a bit further. february is also an excellent time for inshore fishing, but the fishing season doesn’t begin to be fun until march. longway fishing charters can take you on exciting expeditions during march to catch good bottom feeders or feisty pelagics. the season gets even more impressive in april, where you can catch mahi mahi, kingfish, tuna, and wahoo. redfish are more common in may, while sailfish are common in june. the offshore bonanza continues throughout july, then slightly changes pace in august where inshore fishing of trout and redfish dominates. september is a rock-solid fishing period in little river, regardless of where you decide to cast your lines. the bull redfish begins to move into the inlets at around october. this is usually the last opportunity to catch the marlin. in november, the temperature starts to drop, and the focus is on inshore fishing in shallow waters. during this time, sea trout and redfish are the primary targets. december offers the best opportunity for people interested in bluefish, black drum, and redfish.
whatever fish you would like to catch on little river, longway fishing charters has you covered. from redfish, trout, mackerel to the atlantic long nose shark, you can be sure to find something that suits you. longway fishing charters operates all year round, and this flexibility makes it more convenient for your schedule. depending on the type of fish you would like to catch, it’s essential to pay attention to the different months of the year. for instance, while trout and redfish are available throughout the year, other species such as marlin are only available during specific months of the year. regardless of your season or species preference, you can be assured that longway fishing charters will give you a great fishing experience. captain long and his staff have quite a bit of fishing experience and are knowledgeable about where to catch the most fish in little river. the boat is also quite efficient as far as fishing is concerned. it is fast enough to take you from the docks to the fishing spot without wasting time or breaking down, and big enough to fit six people while living space for fish storage comfortably. the boat is also well maintained and is cleaned up after every fishing expedition, which makes every journey a joy for those on board. all in all, longway fishing charters is your ideal partner if you plan on fishing along little river.…  

 
 



the great captain long

 july 9, 2020 kurt burkeblog no comments 
 
 

captain long is one of the most knowledgeable and experienced captains you will ever encounter. you will learn something new about little river and marine life every time you sail with captain long. his staff is also a joy to go fishing with. they are a helpful and personable team. captain long and his team provide unique experiences that you’ll be hard-pressed to find in any charter up the east coast. once you sail with the team, you will quickly want to make them a favorite. one of the most significant benefits of fishing with captain long and his team is that they know where to find the type of fish that you want in large numbers. this ensures that you do not waste time aimlessly drifting on little river, looking for fish in places with a low fish population. captain long and his team ensure that your rigs always have bait, and help you with your catch so that you catch as much quality fish as possible. after returning to the dock, the staff will help you clean your catch. captain long has one person waiting at the pier, who promptly cleans up the boat every time it returns from a fishing expedition.
there are various species of fish you can catch when you go fishing with captain long and his team. about 3 miles off of cherry grove, you can find some lovely spanish mackerel. the mackerel is a pelagic fish that is about 6 inches (40 cm) long. it is a delicious fish, but it is perishable and is best consumed fresh. during the night, the mackerel can be identified by their distinctive glow that they project on the surface of the water. they are usually caught using purse seines or seine nets. during busy mackerel seasons, you can find them in large shoals close to the water’s surface. if you go a little further into the little river, you will start to catch some atlantic long nose shark and black sea bass. these fish have a mild flavor and are best served breaded and deep-fried. catching atlantic long nose shark is one of the reasons that makes the longways fishing charters a favorite among many. when captain long takes you fishing for sharks, you can easily catch around 10 of them before lunchtime. other species of fish you can find on little river include blue marlin, sailfish, sheepshead, and yellowfin tuna.
the type of fish that you will catch with longway fishing charters and where you’ll catch it depends on various factors. during early spring, bluefish and flounder dominate the tidal creeks before migrating to little river’s inlets and sounds. redfish dominate the neighboring rivers and inlets during the fall season. during winter, you can catch massive stripers and speckled trout at creek mouths. the waters are usually clear during this time, and this gives you the chance to practice offshore casting. the use of live shrimps and topwater plugs is ideal for catching trouts and big reds. little river’s inlets offer the best fishing spots available. the nearshore reefs, live rock bottoms, and sunken wrecks provide excellent habitat for various rod-bending bruisers such as amberjack, spanish mackerel, kingfish, cobia, and barracuda. if offshore sport fishing is what you’re looking for, the longway fishing charter is the ideal partner. the charter can take you near the gulf stream honey holes where you can catch various popular pelagic species such as yellowfin tuna, sailfish, marlin, wahoo, dorado, and much more.
post written by kurt burke. kurt is a freelance writer who has appeared in bustle, well+good, and credit glory.…  

 
 



longway fishing charters in little river, sc

 july 6, 2020 kurt burkeblog no comments 
 
 

started in 1926, longway fishing charters is a family-owned enterprise in little river offering private and mixed charters of up to six people. since it was established, longway fishing charters has been a favorite choice among fishing enthusiasts as well as serious sport fishermen. there are many fishing expeditions that operate from january through december, where you can catch various species of fish on little river. if you wish to find a great partner to help you in your fishing along little river, this article is for you. in this article, we will discuss some of the essential details about longways fishing charters and fishing along little river.
little river is the oldest town in the entire grand strand. it started as a trading port and fishing village and became a well-known destination for entertainment and cultural events. the ample backwater creeks and intracoastal waterways along little river, make it an ideal habitat for gamefish of various shapes and sizes. longway fishing charter continues little river’s proud fishing tradition by providing top-notch fishing services, and the opportunity to view various exotic and native birds, and inquisitive dolphins on the local waterways.
fishing is a great endeavor. it is both fun and educational since it allows you to learn about different fish species and fishing techniques. when you wish to go fishing, one of the things that come to mind other than the fish, is the boat that you will use. it would be best if you had a boat that gets the job done as efficiently as possible. one of the worst things that can happen in your fishing expedition is having a slow boat or one that doesn’t have enough space to move around when fishing or store your fish. longway fishing charters has a beautiful, well maintained, fast boat that makes sailing a great joy. the key west is a 39ft custom boat with a 740 hp engine, 30 knots and a top speed of around 35 miles per hour, and is the fastest charter boat in little river. the key west ensures that you have more time to fish by minimizing the time it takes to get to the fishing spot. the boat is also quite reliable in terms of storage and has ample space. it is well maintained and can fit up to six people. this makes the fishing experience even more enjoyable.
the captain of key west is chris long, a third-generation fisherman who was born and raised in little river. captain long has been fishing throughout his life and has over 20 years of experience as a captain. his expertise and knowledge of fishing along little river are some of the reasons he can haul a successful catch in every charter he undertakes. captain long’s specialty is saltwater fishing charters for groups, particularly people who have an interest in catching large offshore fish.…  

 
 

 
 

 



proudly powered by wordpress & skyrocket themes
 
 
 
 





menu





navigation




 
 




search for:








