









handcraft mattress company - boat beds










































































































skip to content








 sales@hmcwest.com | 800-241-7751 










 mattressesinnerspring & pocket coillatexgel memory foamfoamtoppersthe overnighter (bed in a bag)mattress optionsv-berth optionslinenssheetsmattress pad protectorscoverlets / duvetspillowstowelscustom embroidery / monogrammingboat showsannapolisfort lauderdalemiaminew england boat shownewport beach, californiapalm beachredwood cityrhode islandsan diegost. petersburgseattletampa-ibexshowroomshow to orderaboutcontact usour storyboat builders we servenewsfaqwarranty 









search for:





















imagine the perfect night on an hmc mattress
mattresses
our handcrafted, custom mattresses are quality designed for durability, comfort and to fit perfectly on your boat – any size bed, any size berth!
linens
get the perfect bedding for your custom mattress. choose from basic sheet sets to designer collections; mattress pad protectors and other bedding options, including custom embroidered towels.
coverlets & duvets
protect your mattress and new bedding with an impeccably designed custom bedspread, coverlet, duvet or topper that covers open crevices and seams between cushions for a more comfortable night’s sleep.
see how a handcraft mattress can change your onboard experience!
introducing the overnighter
our new overnighter, a portable bed-in-a-bag mattress that you can carry onto your boat, makes overnight trips a dream.
learn moreengineered for the marine environment

all mattresses made in the usa

perfect-fit guarantee

water-proofing protection keeps out moisture and mildew

limited lifetime warranty

comfort and quality

serving customers worldwide since 1986

call us and we’ll take care of you:
800-241-7751
hmc is a family-owned, fourth-generation boat bed manufacturer founded on the traditions of quality and service. as avid boaters ourselves, we understand what you want in a mattress: design, durability and comfort.
our storycreating a custom mattress that fits perfectly with your boat’s berth begins with a paper pattern. handcraft mattress company representatives are available in most major boating areas to make a pattern for you or click here to learn how to make your own pattern.
how to order

factory showrooms

boat shows

regional sales representatives

call us today 800.241.7751
contact me
news
custom mattresses and linens – owner’s, vip, and crew/guest berthsjanuary 13th, 2025|our palm beach boat customer loves their new hmc mattresses and customized linens for their owner’s, vip and crew/guest berths!perfect fit guaranteedecember 16th, 2024|do you know everything we do is custom and each boat berth is measured for a pattern? one size bed does not fit all boats – this way we guarantee a perfect fit! contact handcraft mattress company today for your new custom boat bed and start sleeping comfortably on your boat!happy florida customersnovember 11th, 2024|we have lots of happy florida boat customers sleeping on our comfortable custom hmc boat beds. are you ready for a new boat bed? contact handcraft mattress company today and get your new custom bed in as little as two weeks!94′ sportfisher “iii amigos”october 14th, 2024|handcraft mattress company is a proud supplier of custom boat beds on this new 94’ sportfishing yacht “lll amigos” adding to the truly luxurious interior! proudly affiliated with:

we consider this mattress to be one of our key quality-of-life purchases.
dave & colleen, palm beach, fl
we love the mattress and so do our backs!
christine, seattle, wa
the best mattress i have ever slept on!!
bill c., san diego, ca
one of our best provision decisions for ocean cruising.
lynn & chuck evans, annapolis, md
perfect fit and very comfortable.
greg, sydney, australia 
what a great night’s sleep.
r. kelly johnson, clearwater, fl 
miraculous, surprising, indescribable!
claudia matheson, emerald isle, nc 
thank you for your superior workmanship and service.
jackie & bob walter, british virgin islands 
truly money well spent.
scott cooksey, san francisco, ca
very happy with our mattress!
nicolandra barca, miami, fl
i am extremely pleased, the mattress is well made & very comfortable. thanks for a great product & job!
stuart snowden, westfield, nj
we are quite pleased with our new mattress. the fit is great, it’s so much more comfortable than our old mattress! it’s as comfortable as our traditional firm mattress on land.
rick garvin, florida keys, fl
we highly recommend handcraft mattress company. the service is excellent, we love the mattresses and all the bedding we got from them.  they were also able to customize our boat name in the same colors and font. thank you to the entire crew! 
beth & pat winkler, gulfport, fl
my handcraft mattress company order of a custom mattress, mattress pad and bedspread arrived and all fit perfectly like a glove; looks great too! best of all, it sleeps great! well done handcraft mattress company!
mike wilson, gulf shores, al
thank you for expediting our mattress upgrade! we received excellent, almost daily follow-up since we are live-aboards, including cost and delivery time frame. hmc is not only “customized comfort” but also “customized customer service” as well. 
dennis & lizzy anne paine, palm beach, fl
thank you for delivering the 2 captain’s cabins beds today, the crew are so happy with the final products!
julie langlois, newport beach, ca
we’ve been sleeping on our new hmc mattress and customized bedding – it’s fantastic!!! 
randy & lennie smith, delray beach, fl
the mattresses are amazing! 
alex burrage,  st. lucia, west indies
i just wanted handcraft to know i could not be happier with the work that you guys did.  everything fit perfectly and looks fabulous, the mattresses are amazing! 
cindy parola, wareham, ma
fantastic service from start to finish. mattresses are of excellent quality and fit perfectly in the spaces that i wouldn’t have thought possible.  recommend highly and will be back for any extras that i need for both staterooms!
brad luellen, jacksonville, fl
one of the best decisions i made in refitting my boat! most of our trips are multi-day (we have done as long as 18 day trips) and we spend a lot of nights running overnight or asleep on anchor. good mattresses are key for good sleep and feeling good when you are already getting beat up in seas and fishing for days at a time. thank you handcraft mattress!! 
rob webster, westlake village, ca
we had a great experience, the service and product are top notch. the mattress is wonderful and truly made a difference in the quality of our life. we can sleep again! 
kristin potenti, harbors unknown (youtube)
incredible bed, i’m sleeping-in tomorrow!
benjamin whiting, hilton head, sc
the new mattress arrived yesterday, it fits great, and best of all we slept on it for the first time last night and we love it!
j.h., wrangell, alaska
thank you! down at the boat and 2 nights on the new mattresses, sheets and coverlets – so nice and so much better! 
kewa, puerto vallarta, mexico
we’ve had our new mattress for a few weeks now and we simply love it! it fits the space perfectly and is incredibly comfortable – without a doubt we will order all of our future marine mattresses from hmc! 
morgan stanton, bellingham, wa
it’s perfect, thanks! we’re very happy with the whole process.
dave quint, st. clair shores, mi
my wife and i are very happy with our hmc mattress you made for us! so much so, we would like to purchase one for our rv.
leroy mccown, titusville, fl
they (the custom owner’s own material bedding) look great on all the beds – love it! 
lisette campos, miami, fl
i wanted to tell you how sensational your mattresses are! at our home, we use a mattress made by duxiana and i told my wife the bed on our boat is more comfortable! not only did you perform super on time – probably better than anyone we used – but the product was simply superior!
morgan dene oliver, stuart, fl
just wanted to let you know that the mattress for my 39 foot dehler sailboat fits perfectly.  you did an amazing job – i’m very happy with how it turned out!
jeff stack, chicago marine service
you guys have been great to do business with. special thanks to mike who did a stellar job on the sales and pattern end. can’t wait for my first night on the new mattress!
ed sitver, mystic, ct
thank you very much for getting the mattresses done so quickly! we really appreciate your team’s service to us. you guys are excellent, best in the business!
john mansager, burr / fleming yacht sales, fl
thank you, i love my latex mattress topper and customized linens!
mike farrell, fort myers, fl



 
 





helpful links
mattresses
linens
boat shows
showrooms
how to order
about
make a pattern







 

contact us

hmc west
1131 baker street
costa mesa, ca 92626

(800) 241-7751 (714) 241-7751 (714) 241-8316 fax
sales@hmcwest.com
 

 

hmc east
1602 nw 23rd avenue
ft. lauderdale, fl 33311

(800) 241-7751 (954) 714-9997 (954) 714-9998 fax
sales@hmcwest.com
 

need a mattress for your jet? 

 

 
 
 





		© handcraft mattress company | all rights reserved | privacy policy | terms of use 

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link


























































































go to top




