


loyola enterprises inc.











a certified service disabled veteran and minority owned small business.
 




terrainmodeling/sim
partnersmodeling/sim
government
information services
professional /admin services
audio-visualservices
corporateinformation

contact
feedback
about us
contract vehicles
contract capabilities
commercial price list


careers 
site map 












core capabilities






loyola terrain services






loyola terrain services



loyola document services



loyola information technology services



loyola audio visual systems









loyola enterprises was incorporated in february 1991 in the state of virginia. 
it was formed to pursue engineering and technical services contracts with companies, city, state, and federal governments.
today, loyola enterprises is a diverse company in the products and services that we provide and has expanded into four major divisions consisting of  3-d modeling and simulation, knowledge management, information technology, and audio visual systems.


contract vehicles

peo stri stoc ii
seaport-e
gsa multiple award schedule


commercial price list
why contract with us





  news




bureau of land management award!    may 2017
loyola enterprises awarded bureau of land management (blm) 5 year contract for the national interagency fire center (nifc) in boise idaho.  the contract is for engineering and technical support of the remote sensing/fire weather support unit (rsfwsu) remote automatic weather station (raws) network of over 2,100 stations for state and federal wildland fire management.

northrop grumman award!
loyola enterprises receives northrop grumman 2011 world class team supplier award.

peo stri stoc ii award!
loyola has been awarded both the full and open and the small business set-aside simulation, training and instrumentation omnibus contract ii (stoc ii).


gsa 
advantage!®
presagis products now available with gsa advantage pricing!







services


modeling & simulation •
terrain •
imagery •
3-d visualization •
geospatial database design •
programming •
knowledge management •
information technology •
audio visual systems


pro audio • video • lightingboardrooms • classrooms • conference roomschurches • residential • tradeshows






© loyola enterprises, inc. 2018




weather

