



mouth magazine: dedicated to disability rights & discrimination issues















 
 
 




 






        note, this is an archived site with no updates being made to itlast updated dec 2009
    






welcome 



        to mouth

we're a bi-monthly
        magazine,  



        usually only in print, but here's
        an online sample. we're now the
        only disability rights-oriented magazine put to printed page,
        and that is our focus. the ragged
        edge, the other one,
        recently went to web only, and is the place to go for the latest news
        and articles
        if you
        prefer the free
        and complete coverage via accessible web.  if you are
        looking for something in particular from classic mouth issues (2-3 years
        before now)
         the google site search feature works well. full text
        of all
        mouths,
        for
        a
        price,
        is available
        from www.slinfo.com. qualified potential
        volunteers to aid in building and maintaining a comprehensive, assessible,
        up-to-date website may apply to me (cal) at cal@mouthmag.com.

skip 
        to menu | site 
        search | links
 
 free
        posters.
 downloadable posters in pdf format for you to print yourself, or have
        printed in larger size. 

help us spread the word

      help yourself to three free expect the respect poster downloads.

        to kick off a new year, mouth launched a campaign to expect the respect.
        let's all counteract the way people hide their disability or apologize
        for having it.
(we'll never get anywhere doing that.) 
so: expect the respect! we'd like to see
      that idea spread.
download the same three pdf
      files we use:

cutthequack5.pdf
decriminalize_final.pdf
expecttherespect_final.pdf

take the
            disk to copymax like we do (or kinko's) to get the posters made,
        as many as you like
              -- each one is 11 x
    17 inches -- for less than $2 each. lamination costs about as much per poster.
    (we recommend it so you can tack or tape your posters up anywhere and move ’em
    when the mood strikes you.)
or make your own expect the respect poster and email
  us a pdf file of it. we'd love to see this idea keep spinning any whichaway.
  feel free to use any of the
  art elements we used, or start from scratch. bend it, shape it, color it, make
  it sing.
whatever you do, get the word out: expect the respect!      
 
 



 
































 



		 



a note from the editor: i miss ed roberts.
        since he passed, there's nobody i can call late at night to get a party
        of a conversation. the ed zone, billy golfus called it. that zone was a
        reliable, portable upper. ed was a seriously truthful guy, and laughing
        all the way.
        for the articles which follow, i took huge editorial liberties: ransacking
          a number of sources, shown below, picking them apart to weave a conversation. 
        although he may never have said it all in one day, every word and every
            sentence is ed's; none is taken out of context.
        ed knew i'd never misquote him anyhow. after the first article where
              he was my subject, he didn't bother to fact-check the ones that
            followed.          many of us wish he were here. i hope this conversation brings him
              close enough so that some new friends hear his voice. - 
lucy gwin
-------------------------------
        part one: 
how to live longer

        part two: the tao of ed
      from his talks and interviews

        part three:
our man on the moon

        part four: 
independent living, born on campus
        the origins and the purpose of independent living,
        as told by ed roberts
sources: interviews with ed for mouth and new mobility by lucy gwin;
        timothy pfaff's profile for california monthly; interviews by susan o'hara
        for the bancroft library; jon oda's transcript of an ed speech; and finally,
        most importantly, a video of ed's talk to the very first partners in
        policymaking weekend. get in the ed zone on the web site of the minnesota
        governor's council on developmental disabilities. www.mncdd.org/parallels2/one/video/ed_roberts-pipm.html 














