



alley cat scratch's home pad










 


[costume news!] [photo fantasy] [cat's corner] [about us] [site map] [search us]







        home




movie costume study




lord of the rings costume




king kong costumes




costume exhibits




future fashion design




halloween events in 
        la



* * * * *






    (navigation for this little corner) 


home costume news! photo fantasy cat's corner about us site map search us



 

 
 








welcome to 
        alley cat scratch costume!

 









this web is home base for alley cat scratch costume. here we 
        research costumes and build costumes together.     
we've well over 1500 pages of costume tips and sewing information here.  
        what started with just a bit of love for fantasy costumes and movie 
        costumes has grown into a mega costume construction destination!  
it doesn't matter what your sewing skill level is.  we all dive 
        in to help each other. there should be something here for everyone.
please ignore the mess da
        cat is making around alley cat scratch's pad.  we're always 
        expanding our content so... it's
         always construction time! all the costuming content is pushing 
        cats personal site into a corner creating extra dust and muss on the 
        menus.  however,  
        2010 is the year for our big software upgrade so things are looking up.  
        please use our site map or our
        search if you have trouble locating anything.






into making costumes??? 

we've got quite a selection of options for you... sewing tips to costume 
pictures.... 







we love to study movie 
costumes

come play with us! create your dream!






see us on facebook












 lord of the rings 
costumes
come study and discuss  the costumes from lord of the rings.  
we're out of control over at lotr costume 
    going into the detail.  over 1000 pages devoted to 
the movie costumes and how to make them at: www.alleycatscratch.com/lotr/
            . 

we've added 
    quick costume tips
 we've talking lotr costumes 
  in our yahoo group

king kong costumes

we've got a  section devoted to the big ape and his lovely ladies.  
  these costumes are vintage 1930's with a fantasy twist.  come play and 
  help us built this section.
we're talking kong costumes in the
  f-costume yahoo group

movie costume exhibits

check out our latest news on
      exhibits

other movie costumes resources
movie costume links

we've assembled links for
      move 
      costume research
we list the research sites, photo sites and the special info that 
        you'll need to start your research
for new movies, please contact us on our
        yahoo group. 




stardust costumes

we're talking about the stardust movie costumes and patterns on
      f-costume


      picture references

if any of the picture links have aged out, we can help 
    you find them over on our any of yahoo discussion boards. (they'll be ok 
    once we get on the new software.)


building fantasy 
and science fiction costumes?

we have all kinds of costuming tip and links in our "making 
  'em" section of our web.   


  costume construction tips is rich with everything from pattern 
  modification to detailed section on armor making to fabric modification.
we're talking fantasy and sci fi costumes over on the
  f-costume yahoo group

 
 
 
 
 
looking for other movie 
costumes sites?  

costume 
          exhibits - movie costume exhibits and more
links and 
  resources for movie costumes is another great new resource.

     




 
halloween events in los angeles
the little web page i started a few years ago has taken off gang 
busters.  there's lots of fun stuff there, regardless of your tastes.  
check it all out: 
http://www.alleycatscratch.com/halloween/ .. it will keep you busy all 
october.
discuss how to make your costume with us on
f-costume 

future fashion design:
explained & explored
check out folio news.
the plan is to get you addicted and participating in these design contests.  
come check out a web devoted to the future fashion contests and their folios.  
we've got news! 

and... on our main web, we have...
costuming  ....

 news
        flash for the latest  folio, costume con, exhibit and 
          auction  news! 
costume
            events in los angeles -  of all kinds, shopping, fairs, dances and more.
 science
            fiction masquerades around so cal.
la fabric district 
            - info and tips to saving lots when you buy fabric 


find out how to order your own copy of 
the masquerade 
            handbook.

when in doubt...
search our web...

keep our research going: 




you never know which direction we'll 
        grown next.   we just respond to the 
        demand and have a blast doing it. 
        feel free to wander around... and if you want something special, let the
        site's mascot know!  
if you wish to send a message to the site's mascot,  da
cat, at dacat@alleycatscratch.com  .  
costume questions.. mail 
rings@alleycatscratch.com  


[ costume news! ] [ photo fantasy ] [ cat's corner ] [ about us ] [ site map ] [ search us ]

this site owned by cat
devereaux and judy mitchell.
copyright © 2001-2011 by alleycatscratch.com, a non-profit 501(c)3 educational 
organization. all rights reserved.
revised: 03/03/11
 .



