

peter f may's unusual wine labels














 february 2012





  articles - 

malta
- pete tastes marsovin wines in malta
cwg 2006
- pete tastes cwg auction wines
pink mystery of sex 
- pete drinks a truly sexy wine
champagne 
- pete opens champagne with a sabre
rogov's guide to israeli wines
- reviewed
whats in your wine?
- listing ingredients
magnetic magic?
-  perfect sommelier magnet aging tested 
new england triangle
-  pete visits three ne wineries
aurora to zweigelt
-  pete tastes 45 finger lakes varieties



california wineries
-  pete in northern california
make your own labels
-  tom pelick shows how.
petite sirah
-  an investigation into this variety by dennis fife
storing wine
-  pundits say so but is it really necessary to lay it on its side? 
tame your sommelier during wine ordering
-  do you dread ordering wine in a swish restaurant? 

queen of clubs -  anelia pavlova's banned bare breasted beauty
wine & food matching rules are bunk!
a black cock guarantees satisfaction
niagara peninsula - canada's quality wine area
temecula - cruising californias compact wine country


features - 

article index  increasing selection of wine and wine travel articles
removing labels
-  how to get the pesky things off the bottle.





 choose:computerselectronicsgamesinternetlifestylemoviesmusicservicestraveluk guide





www.winelabels.org












peter f may's

unusual wines


diversity in wine

more than 230 unusual labels












t
his site celebrates unusual wines. unusual varieties, wines from unusual
places, and wines with distinctive, weird and  funny labels.


everyone loves chardonnay, but do you want to drink it every day?
there are hundreds of wines made from grapes that are not everyday names.
this site features some of the more interesting ones. 



and talking of 
chardonnay, would you buy one called fat bastard,
or a sauvignon blanc called cats pee on a gooseberry bush? no?
these two wines are best sellers and are two of the amusing 
 names you might come across in your local store that remind that wine 
should - above all - be fun
did you know there
are vineyards and wineries in muslim countries, in battlezones, and even on
patios?
there are more than 230 unusual labels on this site. china, thailand, and thirty-two other countries are represented, there are vintages dating from 1972 through to 2541 and many labels with weird and funny names.  if you're looking for a particular one try the site index, else click on the 'dancing men' below to view the collection.
there's also a growing collection of wine and wine travel articles to read.

and for reading, there is my new book marilyn merlot and the naked grape,  with 256 pages of unusual labels and the stories behind them. 


thanks for visiting - 
i'd love to know who you are and what you think of this site. please sign the guestbook, or 
email 
me - i answer all emails.




u n u s u a l











about me


this site is featured in an article in collect it magazine's november 2000 issue.



the good web guide to wine recommend us in their new book of 100 top wine sites reviews. 







 "bizarre" - bob campbell mw 





vine2wine 
must see site

november 99







my url: http://surft.to/winelabels




i got it free at http://come.to





  february 2012
peter@winelabels.org
this site first went online october 1998 






















