     new lexus and used car dealership in san jose, ca                         

                                           lexus stevens creek         sales 408-878-4112    service 408-878-4122  parts 408-878-4123      3333 stevens creek boulevardsan jose, ca 95117                                           service        map        contact                        lexus stevens creek             call 408-878-4112   directions                       new   new lexus inventory   new lexus suv inventory   reserve your lexus now   model showroom   f-performance   lexus electrified   lexuscare   select a model to build   lexus reserve program     used   used car inventory   certified pre-owned lexus'   used suv inventory   l/certified benefits   carfax 1 owner     shop online   sell/trade   specials   new lexus specials   featured new specials   featured used specials   regional offers   service specials    college grad   military reward     finance   apply for credit   buy or lease   financing   lease return   instant cash offer   vehicle protection plans     parts   parts specials   online parts order   accessories   batteries   brakes   wiper blades   wholesale lexus parts   tires     lexus service   schedule service   service specials   service department   authorized lexus collision center   complimentary maintenance   oil change   lexus owners site   lexus mobile service   safety recalls   tire center   lexuscare service prepaid maintenance plans   collison center     about us   contact us   guest testimonials   hours & directions   community   meet our team   join our team   about our dealership   privacy policy   terms of use   our blog   review us     contact                    home   new   new lexus inventory   new lexus suv inventory   reserve your lexus now   model showroom   f-performance   lexus electrified   lexuscare   select a model to build   lexus reserve program     used   used car inventory   certified pre-owned lexus'   used suv inventory   l/certified benefits   carfax 1 owner     shop online   sell/trade   specials   new lexus specials   featured new specials   featured used specials   regional offers   service specials    college grad   military reward     finance   apply for credit   buy or lease   financing   lease return   instant cash offer   vehicle protection plans     parts   parts specials   online parts order   accessories   batteries   brakes   wiper blades   wholesale lexus parts   tires     lexus service   schedule service   service specials   service department   authorized lexus collision center   complimentary maintenance   oil change   lexus owners site   lexus mobile service   safety recalls   tire center   lexuscare service prepaid maintenance plans   collison center     about us   contact us   guest testimonials   hours & directions   community   meet our team   join our team   about our dealership   privacy policy   terms of use   our blog   review us     contact             

      offer details          offer details                   offer details                                                                         offer details          offer details          offer details                                                                                                                          












new vehicles














used vehicles














schedule service














sell/trade us your car










inventory search

    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         










     search new inventory     search used inventory               offer details          offer details                   offer details                                                                         offer details          offer details          offer details                                                                                                                                      suvs   sedans   hybrids & electric   performance           ux hybrid 41/38 est mpg      nx 26/33 est mpg      nx hybrid 41/37 est mpg      nx phev       rz       rx       rx hybrid       rx phev       tx      tx hybrid      tx phev      gx 15/19 est mpg      lx 17/22 est mpg      lx hybrid           is 21/31 est mpg      is 500       es 25/34 est mpg      es hybrid 43/44 est mpg      ls 18/29 est mpg      ls hybrid 30/38 est mpg          ux hybrid 41/38 est mpg      nx hybrid 41/37 est mpg      nx plug-in hybrid ev       rz       rx hybrid       rx 500 hybrid       es hybrid 43/44 est mpg      ls hybrid 30/38 est mpg      lc hybrid 26/34 est mpg      tx hybrid 27/38 est mpg      tx phev      lx hybrid           is 500       rc 21/31 est mpg      rc f 16/24 est mpg      lc 16/25 est mpg      lc hybrid 26/34 est mpg      lc convertible 16/25 est mpg       
     current offers










special offers
view all













sell us your car
get started











get financing
learn more













l/certified by lexus
learn more





      

welcome

at lexus stevens creek, we do things differently. taking care of our guests and making your shopping and service experience easy is our main priority. we have a large inventory to save you time, and our sales team are experts in all things lexus. check out our website and let us know how we can be of service.
view inventory










       

lexus stevens creek

in san jose, ca
welcome to our website. at lexus stevens creek, we carry the largest selection of new and used vehicles in northern california for you to choose from. our san jose lexus dealership also assists santa clara and all northern california guests. we pride ourselves on outstanding customer service, and look forward to helping you into the luxury vehicle you deserve.
more about us




     











sales hours




    monday 9:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 8:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 8:00pm     sunday 10:00am - 7:00pm    





service hours




    monday 7:00am - 6:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 7:00am - 6:00pm     sunday closed    




          
the top lexus dealership of san jose, california
welcome to lexus stevens creek in san jose, california, your home for unparalleled lexus ownership service and support. from the moment you walk in, you'll notice we do things differently. our team of professionals will guide you through your vehicle search to help you find your perfect match. comprehensive inventory overviewwe have an expansive inventory of new lexus vehicles. our sales volume brings us many preowned cars from lexus and nearly every manufacturer. so, whether you want the benefits of a lexus or have something else in mind, you can find your next dream car with us.new lexus suvslexus makes an exciting lineup of suvs, from compact crossovers to full-size family haulers. our extensive lexus stevens creek inventory has the perfect vehicle for you, with the luxury fit and finish you deserve.lexus ux hybridengineered to explore with an all-new powertrain and exciting f-sport styling, the lexus ux hybrid luxury suv offers nimble handling and impressive efficiency. you can get this model in either front-wheel drive (fwd) or all-wheel drive (awd). the fwd version starts at an msrp of $37,515.lexus nx seriesavailable in gas, hybrid, and plug-in hybrid variants, the lexus nx features a sleek f-sport exterior and a potent powertrain, delivering exciting driving dynamics that turn every routine drive an exhilarating experience. inside, lexus has meticulously designed the cabin to keep you connected, with artfully arranged controls and premium materials throughout. prices begin at $41,990 msrp.lexus rzthe all-electric lexus rz is an suv that combines modern curb appeal with cutting-edge technology. you can opt for a fwd platform with a range of 266 miles or an awd system for enhanced control that achieves up to 196 miles on a single charge. the rz starts at an approachable $55,175 msrp, and you may qualify for up to $7,500 in tax incentives.lexus rx seriesthis popular suv offers gas, hybrid, and plug-in hybrid models to suit various driving styles. starting at $50,325, the rx 350 has a 275-horsepower turbocharged engine and the lexus safety system+ suite of driver-assistance features.plug-in hybrid trims, such as the rx 450h+, feature awd control and offer an all-electric range of up to 38 miles. for more power, you can opt for the rx 500h f-sport performance model that makes 366 combined system horsepower.lexus tx seriescompeting in the midsize luxury suv segment, the three-row lexus tx showcases premium quality and spaciousness that set it apart. the tx has a potent, efficient powertrain available in gas, hybrid, and plug-in-hybrid versions. your family will appreciate the advanced in-cabin technology that keeps everyone connected and entertained on your weekday drives to the soccer field and weekend trips to the lakehouse. an msrp of $55,050 puts it squarely within reach.lexus gxa full-size suv with the capability and sophistication to suit any lifestyle, the lexus gx comes in premium, luxury, and the new overtrail trim, designed to leave the pavement behind. with a best-in-class towing capacity of 9,096 pounds, awd control, and an electronic kinetic dynamic suspension system, the gx offers superior ride quality. you can find the gx at a starting msrp of $64,250.lexus lxanother flagship full-size suv offering from lexus, the lx offers the premium ride, luxurious features, and powerful performance you'd expect from lexus. starting at an msrp of $93,915, the lx lets you experience the pinnacle luxury and capability.new lexus sedansexperience the performance and luxury you demand with the lexus sedan lineup.lexus isthe standard rear-wheel-drive platform delivers excellent performance, or you can opt for more control with awd variants. exterior sharp lines and soft curves turn heads along the boulevard. an available 472-horsepower 5.0-liter v-8 engine races away from the competition. you can have the lexus is for $41,360 starting msrp.lexus esavailable in gas and hybrid-electric powertrain configurations, the lexus es has a sleek exterior, a tech-laden interior, and efficient, powerful engines. the es starts at an msrp of $43,215.lexus lsthe full-size lexus ls sedan has the space and premium interior you desire. luxury touches such as palomino leather and artwood organic gloss trim surround you in refined comfort. the available v-6 engine delivers 416 horsepower and 442 lb-ft of torque, accelerating from 0 to 60 mph in just 4.6 seconds. prices start at an msrp of $81,685.certified preowned and used vehiclesas a leading lexus dealership in san jose, we frequently receive lexus trade-ins from loyal customers looking to upgrade to the latest models. with our high volume of inventory, we always have an extensive selection of certified preowned (cpo) lexus cars and suvs. cpo lexus inventoryour cpo lexus inventory is constantly rotating, so we recommend checking back often if you want a specific model. however, we always have a selection of popular lexus nx suvs in various trims, all in excellent condition with low miles.our inventory includes the is and es sedans. these late-model, gently used cars offer premium comfort and the latest in-vehicle tech. you can also shop our rx and ux suv models, which offer the versatility and premium interior you crave.used vehicle inventorymany customers come to us wanting the lexus experience but trade in vehicles from other premium brands, such as acura, mercedes-benz, and bmw. as a result, these high-quality used cars become part of our inventory. we thoroughly inspect every used vehicle to ensure its quality and reliability before putting it up for sale, so you can trust that you're getting a car in excellent condition.exceptional services and maintenancewe stand behind every vehicle we sell with exceptional service and support. our state-of-the-art facility is equipped with the latest tools and technology to diagnose and repair any issue. we provide our technicians with ongoing training so they stay up to date on the latest parts and repair techniques. community engagement and environmental responsibilityat lexus stevens creek, we proudly partner with local non-profit organizations to support our community. we've hosted donation drives, provided scholarships to student-athletes, and contributed to local charities — because we believe in giving back to our neighbors.why choose lexus stevens creek?at lexus stevens creek, you'll enjoy the lexus ownership experience, which all starts when you arrive. our professional staff will greet you with courtesy and respect. if you're ready to elevate your san jose commute, we invite you to shop our inventory online or visit our stevens creek boulevard showroom for a personal demonstration and test-drive.                 copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | safety recalls & service campaigns | lexus stevens creek | 3333 stevens creek boulevard, san jose, ca 95117 | sales: 408-878-4112            

















                