











ocean conservation society: help protect our oceans today




























































take action!
education

be whale aware
be balloon aware
ending captivity
dolphin & whale facts


research

our research
data collection
ocs publications


about us

our impact
staff & advisors
press kit
contact ocs





















 

donate today

 
 
  












dolphins need you.
 
 
 
 



 






 fund the future of our oceans
 
ensure the well-being of marine mammals and the protection of our ocean ecosystems. in these uncertain economic times, your financial support is one of the most direct and effective ways to help.
 
make a donation

 
 
 




 3 reasons we need you
 
 
 




continuing research
we’ve been studying wild dolphins and whales for almost 30 years – one of the longest-running investigations on marine mammals worldwide! help our ongoing data collection to ensure their long-term survival.
 
 



inspiring public action
raising awareness and taking action are key for protecting our marine ecosystems and their magnificent wildlife. help us continue creating educational outreach programs built on a solid foundation of science.
 
 



shaping conservation
our scientific work helps steer conservation and management policies, and informs decisions regarding marine protected areas. your donations help protect our oceans for generations to come.
 
 
 
 




 





take action!
explore meaningful ways to engage in ocean conservation
 
get involved

 
 
 






 

“ocean conservation society is the only organization doing long-term, year-round research on whales and dolphins off southern california. they are our eyes on the ocean, and their education work is crucial to the future of ocean health and the air-breathing creatures of the sea.”
— carl safina
 
 
 


inaugural holder of the endowed chair for nature and humanity, stony brook university founding president, the safina center, author of new york times notable book of the year, becoming wild
 
 
 
 





active research
check out our current studies on wild marine mammals 
 
learn more

 
 
 



 



discover ocs
see what your support accomplishes
 
 
 



 
 
 
 





shop & give back
100% of proceeds go to our marine research and educational campaigns 
 
support in style!

 



 
 
  

 
 
 







 
 

donate today

ocean conservation society is a 501(c)3 nonprofit: tax id #95-4691853. donations are 100% tax-deductible as allowed by law.
 
 

 take action! 

 

about ocs
our research
latest campaign
our impact
our staff
 
 

connect
contact us
 
followfollowfollow
 
 
 
 



privacy policy
 ©2025 ocean conservation society, all rights reserved.
web design: joanna arlukiewicz
 
 
 
 



donate to ocean conservation

 
 
  

 

 







