










north county bus & train service | nctd - north county transit district













































































































































































menu

maps & schedules

schedules
real-time updates
service alerts
rider’s guide
north county events


fares

fares & passes
reduced fare eligibility
students
pronto
pronto extend
youth opportunity pass


services

coaster commuter rail
sprinter hybrid rail
breeze bus system
flex on-demand
lift paratransit
transit centers
nctd+
coaster connection


accessibility

accessibility overview
reasonable modification policy
civil rights resources


about nctd

about us
board/committee information
accountability
priority projects
station redevelopment
newsroom
careers
safety & security
doing business with nctd
working around the rails






search


 translation disclaimer











important alert :   president’s day: february 17 all modes to operate on regular weekday schedule. in observance of president’s day, on monday, february 17, all modes, customer service locations and the call center […]

survey











important alert :   all coastal rail line service will be suspended saturday, feb 22 & sunday, feb 23. to facilitate regular maintenance and infrastructure improvements along the coastal rail corridor, all coastal rail […]

survey





x


translation disclaimer
select a language using the google translate feature to change the text on this site into other languages. 
				  *we cannot guarantee the accuracy any information translated through google translate. this translation feature is offered as an additional resource for information. 
              if information is needed in another language, contact (760) 966-6500.
              si necesita información en otro idioma, comuníquese al (760) 966-6500.
              如果需要其他语种的信息，请致电 (760) 966-6500。
              如需其他語言版本的資訊，請致電 (760) 966-6500。
              nếu cần thông tin bằng ngôn ngữ khác, xin liên hệ số (760) 966-6500.
              kung kailangan ang impormasyon sa ibang wika, makipag-ugnayan sa (760) 966-6500.
              정보가 다른 언어로 필요하시다면 760-966-6500로 문의해 주십시오.





















plan your trip





 from



 to



let's go!









           
service alerts






        
schedules






         
fares

















learn more















new discounted pack
enjoy big savings and flexibility














now hiring
click here for details














        

                  safety and security








           

                  board/ committee information








                   

                  board agenda




























partners +

policies
site map
careers
contact us



fb
tw
ig
yt





we use cookieswe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptreject privacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept


powered by 










 

















recaptcha



