
















salem civic center | salem, va

 






  















skip to main content






















 




 
 
 
 
 


    info      a-z guide      contact      catering      meetings      email signup      dining & lodging  






 















 






  
 
 












 




















































































  
 
 














event calendar








salem stadium








a-to-z guide










 
 














catering








directions








e-mail signup










 
 
 































odac men's & women's basketball tournament 


men's and women's odac basketball tournament, four men's teams and four women's teams face off for the automatic bids to the ncaa division iii tournament. sponsored by the salem rotary club with all profits benefitting the community.			additional info...







salem gun & knife show 


shop vendors that have everything you need for hunting, self defense and the shooting sports.			additional info...







back on the rack consignment sale 


clothing for babies, kids, teens, ladies and maternity! plus, baby gear, toys, homeschool, books & learning, home décor, furniture, sporting goods, outdoor fun and more!			additional info...







brantley gilbert: the tattoos tour 2025 


brantley gilbert brings the tattoos tour 2025 to salem with black stone cherry, austin snell & colt ford.			additional info...







warrior women 2025 


doors open at 2 p.m. guests can eat, enjoy coffee, shop, grab your seat, and fellowship.			additional info...







2025 spring home show 


for the 53rd year, this is the longest running home and lifestyle show in the roanoke region. connecting locals with an array of businesses and services.			additional info...







2025 senior fun and health fair 


this event is geared toward seniors 55 and over, and a great asset for our senior population.			additional info...







dmv2go 


apply/renew your driver's license.  apply for a veteran id card.  get a copy of your driving record.  obtain vehicle titles, license plates, decals, transcripts, and more!			additional info...







salem spring holiday market 


free admission!! this craft and vendor show has unique crafters, artists, and direct sell companies with gifts that are fun and unique!			additional info...







roanoke symphony orchestra: the music of billy joel 


the music of billy joel features some of the most iconic melodies including only the good die young, she’s always a woman, we didn’t start the fire, uptown girl and more.			additional info...







longshot comic & toy show 


maybe you can find that missing comic you've been searching for. looking for a vintage action figure? you can find all that and more at this event!			additional info...







annual roanoke valley holistic expo 


come meet vendors, ask questions, sample products, and purchase products from vendors who will be joining from near and far!!			additional info...







coheed and cambria & mastodon 


coheed and cambria & mastodon announced the infinite arc tour. the 20-city tour kicks off on may 10th at salem civic center!			additional info...







spring gem, mineral and jewelry show 


shop vendors from across the country and find gems, minerals, jewelry, fossils, beads and meteorites from around the world.			additional info...







roanoke symphony orchestra: queens of soul 


songs made famous by the reigning divas of soul and r&b: aretha franklin, tina turner, patti labelle, gladys knight, amy winehouse, alicia keys and adele.			additional info...







dwight yoakam with the mavericks and 49 winchester 


dwight yoakam is bringing the cosmic roundup & rodeo tour with his friends the mavericks and sw virginia natives 49 winchester to the salem civic center on friday, june 20th!			additional info...







travis tritt 


grammy award-winning 90’s country superstar, travis tritt is headed back to salem! plan to spend a saturday night getting into a little trouble!			additional info...







2025 salem fair 


come to the 37th annual salem fair!  for information on rides, specials for ride passes, and entertainment visit salemfair.com.			additional info...







alison krauss & union station featuring jerry douglas 


the 27-time grammy winner and her band, union station, featuring jerry douglas, will embark on their first tour together in a decade. #arcadiatour2025			additional info...











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 













 








february 2025




su


m


tu


w


th


f


sa




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












sat, feb 22  

vhsl class 1, 2 & 3 state championship wrestling



fri, feb 28 		 - sun, mar 2
 

odac men's & women's basketball tournament






view all




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 











 








 



 









 
 
 



 





1001 roanoke blvd. salem, va | (540) 375-3004box office hours m-f 8am-5pmonline anytime at ticketmaster.com



 
 
 



  








    





 

  
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®



 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









