



intermix community software



















  






  
				
intermix

voices
				of humanity 
collective
				communication 
software



it's worth
				a look.

 


				 


















un
											goals for san francisco and more 
by roger
											eaton, april, 2019 

voices
											of humanity (voh) uses crowd-source technology (voting
											on messages) to give women, men, youth, middle-aged and
											seniors each a collective voice. empowered with the gift
											of speech, these great divisions of the human race will
											join together with humanity-as-one to weave a tale of love
											and wit. through this new lens we will come to see
											ourselves as the intelligent, generous and capable species
											that we are, giving us the trust and confidence we need to
											cooperate on pressing global matters.
bringing
											the goals of the un home to san francisco:
											#ungoals4sf 

organize
											locally, connect globally. the voices of humanity san
											francisco based team aims to persuade the sf board of
											supervisors to pass a resolution establishing a un goals
											advisory committee that will develop detailed proposals
											how the goals of the un may best be supported /
											implemented by the city. the resolution will cover each of
											the un sustainable development goals (sdgs), human rights,
											cedaw, nuclear disarmament and world peace, with a blanket
											clause covering all the other goals of the un.
the
											plan is to build a civic / academic / business /
											government coalition for a “collective impact”
											project to get the resolution passed. voices of humanity
											will provide the needed “continuous communication”
											tool and the team will build the coalition from the ground
											up, all the while looking for a “backbone
											organization” to partner with and grant money for
											outreach staff. we are getting up to speed with our new
											salesforce nonprofit success pack and expect to have
											assembled a working team and begun serious outreach by
											july of 2019. 

the
											un sustainable development goals are
											coming down to the city level in any case, so our efforts
											are likely to succeed. new york and los angeles have
											already adopted plans to implement the sdgs. by including
											peace and nuclear disarmament along with the sdgs, san
											francisco will take the lead in building a global network
											of cities for all the un goals. at every level, from city
											to state to nation to planet earth, the six voices of
											humanity will provide the sense of unity we need to hold
											such a massive network together. see a draft copy of the
											proposed san francisco board of supervisors resolution
											here.
more
											directions for voices of humanity
smile
											for nuclear disarmament (#smile4nd) is
											a voices of humanity smartphone app soon to be available
											in the apple store under the name “smile4nd”.
											the smile4nd app enables users to post their smile for
											nuclear disarmament with a short message or, to give it
											some humor, to post their scowl against nuclear weapons.
											people (some people) do like posting their scowl! you are
											invited. the app will be enjoyable and easy to use, but
											more to the point, your participation will help to get the
											voices of humanity social medium off the ground. we will
											use this app to bring in people from around the world with
											the aim of having posts from a thousand cities by the end
											of 2019. organize locally connect globally. that is the
											motto on the voh logo. once we reach the 1000 city goal,
											the next step will be to organize local in-person nuclear
											disarmament groups at the city level. even before the app
											is ready, you may sign up and post your smile/scowl here.

together
											and apart
voices
											of humanity uses a “both/and” strategy to
											overcome the us-vs-them mindset that makes international
											cooperation on global issues so difficult.
how
											does it work? imagine a collective discussion
											between the democrats and the republicans in america. a
											simple back-and-forth dialog would just widen the divide.
											but if we alternate between red and blue together and red
											and blue apart then we give voice both to america-as-one
											and to each of the country’s two major parties
											separately. in this way we build a sense of american unity
											that respects american political differences.
the
											same together-and-apart process applies
											to the nations and humanity-as-one. hardliners in each
											nation will have to choose whether to participate in a
											forum that both supports their nation by giving it a voice
											of its own, and also supports human unity. hardliners who
											refuse to take part will effectively marginalize
											themselves. please see a
											plan to capture the center and marginalize the hardliners.
											

other
											possibilities for together-and-apart include gender, age
											and religion and the goals of the un. within each nation,
											political and cultural distinctions such as party, tribe,
											ethnicity, race, caste and so forth may also be
											implemented. together and apart will be fully implemented
											by july, 2019.
the
											women’s movement
voices
											of humanity will implement a global “together and
											apart” collective dialogue between the women and the
											men. the women are expected to take the conversational
											lead in the dialogue and that global strength will reach
											down to the local level to empower women of all ages. the
											men will follow.
the
											women’s movement already transcends the nations and
											religions, so there is no contradiction between its goals
											and the aim of voices of humanity to build an intelligent
											and kindly global consciousness. more than that, with
											gender equality built into the process, the women’s
											movement stands to benefit greatly as voices of humanity
											momentum grows.
the
											interfaith movement
the
											interfaith movement is well positioned to be a catalyst
											for a heartfelt human unity that respects diversity. there
											are many positive global movements that are looking for
											ways to cooperate. people are thinking hard about how to
											foster cooperation across these “silos”. there
											is the women’s movement, the labor movement, the
											social justice movement, the indigenous peoples movement,
											sustainability movement and climate action, the peace
											movement and nuclear disarmament, the social justice
											movement, the un sdgs, and the list is only begun. while
											many in these movements see the interfaith movement as an
											ally, we must realize there is little interest in trying
											to bring all these movements together under an interfaith
											banner. our aim must be to bring everyone together under
											the banner of human unity – always with respect for
											diversity. voices of humanity can help us do exactly that.
plants
											and animals (panda)
the
											panda app will give a collective voice to the plants and
											animals. funding will be needed to get the app coded, but
											it is such a great idea, we can believe it will happen.
											the initial panda app will be meant primarily for high
											school and college student classes under the guidance of a
											teacher, however, it will be open to general participation
											on the web. students each choose a plant or animal that
											they will represent in global discussions with other
											participating students. homo sapiens will be a valid
											choice. students may think of themselves as a particular
											member of the species with a name they give themselves.
											natural features, such as oceans, rivers, lakes, forests,
											deserts, mountains and the like will also be valid
											choices. each species will have its own community, where
											only students who have selected that species participate.
											for each species, there will be a corresponding twitter
											account, and there will also be twitter accounts for
											plants, animals. land, water, air and mother nature.
											highly rated messages will be automatically tweeted.
u2
bono
											of u2 fame is an ardent proponent of the un sustainable
											development goals. if we can persuade him to answer
											collective messages posted by u2 fans, we will see rapid
											growth in voh participation. and there is no reason we
											could not open up for other celebrities to communicate
											with their followers as well. of course voh needs to get
											off the ground first. that is where you, the reader, come
											in. 

what
											you can do

please
												go to the voices
												of humanity front page and join the conversation.
please
												support collective communication, inc and voices of
												humanity when you shop at smile.amazon.com. go here
												and amazon will give half a percent of what you purchase
												to cci without any change in what you pay to amazon. 


about
voices
											of humanity is a
											project of collective
											communication, inc. (cci), a california non-profit.
											find
											us in guidestar. roger eaton, founder and now
											executive director of cci is current project coordinator.
											as of january 2017, bronwyn galloway is president of cci
											and with her lead we are looking to bring in more women
											from around the world to the cci board. the voh online
											community is implemented via intermix
											open source software at github under the gpl
											v3.0 license. 
  
											




intermix

voices
															of humanity 
collective
															communication 
software
more
															information


voices
																of humanity website

overview

intermix
																directions working paper

april
																2013 podcast script

fundraising
																for voices of humanity

plants
																and animals (panda) - proposal

audio
																intro to voices of humanity

links
																percolate 











last
															changed april 15, 2019.

page
															maintained by roger
															eaton 
intermix
															is supported by cci





 


															 


























  
  


