







growing christians ministries













































        
          
            growing christians ministries
          
        
      




















































        talks
      

        devos
      

        blog
      

        music
      

        courses
      

        mini-verses
      



        home
      

        about
      

        store
      

        contact
      


















































talksdevosblogmusiccoursesmini-verses





                
                  
                    growing christians ministries
                  
                
              
a bible teaching ministry




homeaboutstorecontact









scroll






  
  a bible teaching ministry dedicated to helping christians grow in their faith.


gcm provides over 1,700 audio “talks” which cover every chapter in the bible—plus written blogs, in-depth devotionals, worship music, audio courses, and an interactive memory verse program for all ages.more about our ministry resources >

  







 












































































 

latest devo















it’s awful when questionable officiating threatens to ruin the game you love.  but what if the feeling of unfair treatment extends far beyond the football field?

 











 











   




featured

























the seven c’s of decision-making






christians can navigate through life’s innumerable decisions while successfully discerning god’s will.
read more →


























the hardest thing to give away






overcoming the difficulty of offering true forgiveness can set you free.
read more →


























your way is not the only way






when certain lifestyle choices aren’t precisely defined in scripture…
read more →


























feeling unimportant?






have you ever felt like you don’t have the right gifts to serve god?
read more →


























planned and prayed for, but prevented






what’s the biblical answer when your good and godly plans don’t work out?
read more →


























dealing with doubts






we’ve all had doubts about the christian faith at one time or another. is there an easy solution?
read more →


























through the roof






lessons from jesus’ healing of the paralyzed man.
read more →


























the right path for your life






what does proverbs 3:6 mean when it says god will “show you which path to take”?
read more →

























all christians should have the ability to defend and confirm the message of the bible.  our new course on christian evidences will guide you through logical, scientific, and archaeological evidence for the reliability of the bible, the existence of god, creation, the flood and much more!















hermeneutics is the very important science and art of biblical interpretation. based on dr. dave’s original audio course, this new printed version highlights the main points of all 30 principles of hermeneutics.  examples from scripture are used to illustrate each principle, and updated graphics have been added. recent blog posts






featured

























a grandmaster's legacy






leaving a strong, godly legacy for generations to follow.
read more →


























taking everything into account






what if christians were required to submit a report of their own spiritual activity?
read more →


























the messy van






we can all relate to a messy vehicle, but what about a messy spiritual life?
read more →













recent devotions






featured

























there's a flag on the play






questionable officiating can ruin the game.  but what if the feeling of unfair treatment extends far beyond the football field?
read more →


























looking past the christmas card






when you picture the nativity story, what comes to mind?
read more →


























beyond thanksgiving






when was the last time you gave thanks for the future… for something you can’t see yet, or for an uncertain outcome?  
read more →


























miracles:  myths or foundations of faith?






are miracles an essential part of the christian faith?
read more →


























more stuff!






what does the bible say about our approach to spending and finances?
read more →













whiteboard animation video

   








































































































 

reflections from around the world

 




testimonials





















“your website has been my main reference point for all key issues on the bible for over 20 years.”— a pastor in zimbabwe






















“my wife and i jointly study god’s word with your wonderful and very clear teaching. this website is greatly appreciated.”— from australia






















“thank you for your bible memory program.  we use this when teaching to our people.”— from pakistan






















”i’m continually encouraged by the gcm website.  i particularly liked dr. reid’s gentle approach.”— from new zealand






















“thank you so much for writing your most recent timely and godly article. it’s a voice from god, not only to christians in america, but to christians all over the world. praise the lord!”— from hong kong






















“this ministry is a great blessing. god has a special use for this website. it reaches so many, and i constantly recommend it to others.”— from trinidad






















”your latest devotion was a great and biblically solid appraisal. i forwarded it to my colleagues at the seminary.”— from a bible professor in the netherlands






















“i had dr. dave as a professor at emmaus and loved his classes. he made everything seem so real.”— from canada






















“thanks for one of the best websites on the internet!  i’ve learned so much here!”— from north carolina, usa






















“i regularly listen to the teachings on your website with my family.  oh how we love it!”— from belarus






















“your ministry helps me very much in preparing sermons and bible studies in our small assembly.”— from israel






















“i am blessed and thrilled to read your wonderful and touching website.  it has touched my heart so much.”— from kenya






















"thank you so much for your excellent devotion on worship music.”— from cameroon






















“i’ve learned so much about the bible from your website!”— from germany






















“your website is so encouraging and very inspiring. it helps me grow in relationship with god.”— from bangladesh






















“i'm going through your “talks” in my personal bible study. i'm encouraged and they help me understand scripture in better way.”— from indonesia






















“i landed on your great website when i was searching for help with my sermon.  thank you.”— facebook






















“i am so encouraged by your ministry!”— from myanmar






















“i studied in the states before returning to india to plant churches. i use your website constantly - for personal use, and for my training of new pastors, and i also point new believers to the site so they can grow in christ.’— from india






















“greetings from the peruvian jungle.  i have been enjoying the “talks” for some years now, and they continually deepen my understanding of god’s word.”— from peru






















“we continue to use dr. dave’s talks at our weekly bible study group.  we have no one in our group who is specifically gifted in teaching, so the talks are a real blessing.”— from canada











 









1



2 (copy)



3



4








 











sign up to receive new content by emailgcm produces two periodic publications.  edevos are in-depth essays on a particular topic or scripture.  blog posts are short, timely posts that encourage us to move forward on our christian journey.




    sign up for blog posts
  




    sign up for edevos
  













give back if you’re ablegcm is a faith ministry supported entirely by the gifts of christians.  we never send unsolicited requests for funds.  your help keeps the gcm website online for growing christians around the world!




    give back
  













send us an emaildo you have questions or comments about the material on this website? send us an email!  we like to hear how this ministry is serving people like you.




    email us
  









growing christians ministries, p.o. box 2268 westerly, ri 02891










