
























didgeridoo down under – didgeridoo down under: australian music – education – entertainment!












































didgeridoo down under: australian music – education – entertainment!




 

home
ddu programs
venues

schools
libraries
camps & childcare
colleges
corporate events
festivals
theaters
workshops & residencies
other venues


amazing promo videos!
testimonials
culture & charity
about ddu

meet the ddu crew
faq
media coverage


contact






 













 





















 





											awesome in-person & virtual shows!										










											spectacular new k-12 program!										










											audience participation!										










											interactive workshops!										










											motivational speaking!										










											world-class concerts!										










											... and much more!										















welcome to didgeridoo down under
music – education – motivation – entertainment!
didgeridoo down under offers the most exciting and interactive australia-themed shows, concerts, workshops and k-12 programs with music, science, character building, environmentalism and more.
since 2003, we’ve presented 10,000+ programs for more than a million thrilled audience members and participants!
please view our promo videos here.





 
 
 
  schools   
 
 
 
  libraries   
 
 
 
  camps & childcare   
 
 
 
  colleges   
 
 
 
  corporate events   
 
 
 
  festivals, theaters & more   


 bryan kayeassistant head of school all saints’ episcopal day school, sc
best program“several teachers said that this was the best program we have had in our 54-year history.”
 julie robertsprincipalseymour smith intermediate learning center, ny
awesome aussie-ness“thank you to didgeridoo down under for your message of acceptance, diversity, and awesome aussie-ness! it was engaging, creative, and powerful!”
 joanne powelllibrarianpeabody institute library of danvers, ma
hooray for didgeridoo down under“the show was educational, entertaining and, above all, one of the best shows that i have had in my 35 years as a children’s librarian. hooray for didgeridoo down under!”
 



 













© 2024 didgeridoo down under     produced by kallistoart     contact us     site map





































