




country joe mcdonald














 


 



 



 













 wuzzup?
news flashes & acid flashes
 who am i?
me and my life
 musical notes
"fixin' to die" and the rest
 next stop is vietnam
news and blues for vets
 section 43
strange stuff / familiar stuff
 other places
visit some friends
 joe's jukebox
the place to hear the sounds
 joe's facebook page
follow me
 a tribute to florence nightingale
my site about the famous nurse







i'm looking for:



search




visit  the




e-mail me


want to be on
my mailing list?enter your e-mail address:
put me on the list
take me off the list





master the scale of the universe -- with thanks to jon carroll for the tip.




b u s i n e s ss t u f f


for licensing and permissions requests, and for all other business stuff, please contact bill belmont.

download high-resolution publicity photos.

a short bio for pr.







listen to some background music while you surf. we are currently offering my album carry on.




we recommend vlc media player to listen to these files.



watch a light show while you listen.








politics, music, whales



o n l i n e   m a g a z i n e








casualty lists


us military personnel killed during the summer of love
victims of the my lai massacre
us women killed in the viet nam war
military personel from berkeley killed in the viet nam war
military personel from oakland killed in the viet nam war
military personnel from san francisco killed in the viet nam war
military personnel from el monte, california (my home town) killed in the viet nam war
military personnel from sullivan county (home of woodstock) killed in the viet nam war
military personnel from columbus, ohio killed in the viet nam war








listen to captain jach's honeyradio from detroit


... or kpig from san francisco

... or bullfrog blues radio from portsmouth, england.



tom weller, webwright


learn
hands-only cpr
























elcome to my home on the web. i'm a singer and songwriter, i used to
be in country joe & the fish, and
i live in berkeley,
california, planet earth.













joe at 75. photo by steve read, from the crew of the bbc documentary on the summer of love.


 get info on my upcoming gigs and booking.

 music scholar rip rense has written a very nice summation of my career. plus a listening guide.

 read about my "farewell performance" from the san francisco chronicle.

 at last proof that i improved the health of my generation: the case for cursing.


 the ucsf school of nursing is planning to archive my tribute to florence nightingale website so that its information will be saved for posterity. (but the site will still be available in its current location.) they are also taking over my collection of nightingale memorabilia. read an interview with me by the ucsf archivist.




 writer-director  aaron sorkin's long-delayed the trial of the chicago 7 is playing on netflix.  read my testimony in the trial.


 my son devin has bought berkeley's beloved mr. mopps' toy store. you can visit mr. mopps' on the web and on facebook.




 older posts








who is sister ignatia?
listen to her address the aa. 
east bay aa (s.f. bay area)
al-anon and alateen for friends and families of alcoholics
adult children of alcoholics world service organization, inc
aa online intergroup
read a short story by joyce renwick.









here are some videos of me folks have put up:



"sweet lorraine" from monterey pop
"section 43" from monterey pop
"janis" from danish tv in 1968.
"i-feel-like-i'm-fixin'-to-die rag" from woodstock
a half-hour set from german tv in 1969.
"the world that we all wanted" from roger corman's gas-s-s-s
"fixin-to-die/i got love/who am i" at the bitter end
"sing sing sing" by the golden gate in 1970
 on playboy after dark, 1970 [cognitive dissonance alert]
a full set from the all star band at winterland in 1973.
"save the whales," "our wedding day," "breakfast for two" on the bbc's old grey whistle test from 1976
"this land is your land" at the marin music festival in 2003





a rap about the f-word at b.b.king's in new york
"starship ride" with the flying other brothers at the chet helms memorial
an interview in germany
my new song "support the troops."
"rock and roll again" outside the melody tent in cape cod, 2007.
a "yankee doodle" take on the energy situation
a rap about the great banana affair
40+ songs on the music vault youtube channel
"not so sweet matha lorraine" with the electric music band



...or listen to fan tapes of my live shows from the internet archive.









 a biography

 a timeline -- listing my performances and other events

 movies, tv, and stage

 g.i. joe -- me in the service 

 look at my secret fbi file

 read my testimony at the chicago seven trial

 about woodstock








 a discography

 lyrics and album notes

 "i-feel-like-i'm-fixin'-to-die rag" -- everything you want to know about the song and much, much more!

 the story of the notorious fish cheer.

 hear some early recordings of my old group, the berkeley string quartet.

 my earliest musical collaborator was blair hardman, and we recorded an album in '65, the goodbye blues.

 my guitars.

 listen to country joe in space, a virtual compilation of my science-fiction oriented songs. available only in cyberspace! 

 looking for a particular cd? here's the scoop on all the titles.

 joe's jukebox







 war music

 vietnam and war news


 healing from the war, my account of the making of berkeley's vietnam memorial

 the great springfield pig roast







 fun with gunz!

 music and psychedelic links

 animal/ecology links and news

 pot news

 berkeley links


 a sixties scrapbook

 amazing stories that folks have sent me.

 "country joe collects dolls!?" yeah, what's it to ya? see my nurse doll collection.

 the attic, where we store old junk.








 my site dedicated to the accomplishments of florence nightingale

 my record company's site, <rag baby .com>, featuring the rag baby on-line magazine

 country joe & the fish

 dave diamond's country joe & the fish fish rapper

 barry "the fish" melton web |  facebook

 david bennett cohen

 bruce barthol

 gary "chicken" hirsh

 mark kapner

 ed denson

 zone recording studio (sonoma county) -- blair hardman's studio

 the jabberwock

 berkeley's vietnam vets' memorial plaque





 t o p



