



  



albany gymnastics classes | clifton park gymnastics - world class gymnastics










































register nowhall of fame (518)-785-3481 locations

gymnastics, latham
gymnastics, clifton park
dance, clifton park


about

general calendar
news & updates
coaching staff
policies & procedures


gymnastics

registration

school year classes
summer classes
summer camps
break camps
private lessons


team

lisa’s page
competitive team at home work outs
recruitable athletes
team calendar
team photo
world class online


hall of fame
gymnastics birthday parties


home
home
hosted meets

world class invitational 2024

wci info & updates
setting-up for the meet
wci 2019 results
wci 2018 results
wci 2017 results
wcl 2016 results
wci 2015 results
wci 2014 results
wci 2013 results


world class spring challenge 2025

wcsc info & updates
wcsc 2018 results
wcsc 2017  results
wcsc 2016 results


world class mad hatter 2024


dance
contact us
 











school year class registration
is available online
our parent portal is open

use the portal to register for classes, check your account, update your family information, and more!

register now
 make your wish
for a birthday party that will
keep the party… rolling.
find out more 
vacation and holiday camps
offered throughout the year
check back for details and updates
 “like” us
for the latest updates, photos,
features, and snow cancellations
follow us on facebook.
find us on facebook 



for thursday feb 12th.  if north colonie is closed or on delay we are closed until at least 12:30pm.  if they are open then so are we.  for later classes please check back here

world class gymnastics of latham & clifton park

hall of fame





visit the hall of fame

about world class gymnastics:

world class gymnastics academy is one of the northeast’s premier gymnastics training facilities.  we pride ourselves on our fully featured programs that contain everything from high level junior olympic national champions to classes for your just walking toddlers. gymnastics is a exceptionally fun way to learn body awareness, strength and flexibility. our two facilities located in latham and clifton park offer learning opportunities available no where else in the capital district.  fully featured gym areas, with equipment specifically designed for different size and level athletes, makes sure your gymnasts is learning in the best possible environment. this is an option unique to our facilities and is a benefit of having the largest spaces available for training.  
as the gymnasts progress they have access to our peerless expert equipment including safety pits and in ground trampolines. all these facility benefits are overseen by our truly world class staff.  this staff includes 3 separate junior olympic coaches of the year, a ncaa coach of the year, the director of new york state gymnastics, former national team members and numerous usa gymnastics and ncaa national champions and all-americans.  come join one of our world class gyms and see for yourself how no one else in the capital district compares for your beginning athlete to your future olympians! check out our hall of fame and see the dozens of world class alum that have gone on to ncaa gymnastics.  



team calendar general calendar 
use keepandshare.com online calendar and business calendar









our latham location view larger map
630 columbia street extension
latham, ny 12110
(518)-785-3481


our clifton park location view larger map
22 clifton country road, suite 1a
clifton park, ny  12065
(518)-785-3481


follow us on facebook 





copyright © 2012 world class gymnastics
web design by connective web design
home
contact
wci
hall of fame
sitemap
staff login
 






