



waterbeds | waterbed mattresses, sheets, heaters, softside, hardside



























    we ship puerto rico, alaska, hawaii usps priority mail click here for details


































waterbed mattresses




softside waterbeds




hardside waterbeds




softside replacement mattresses




waterbed heaters




waterbed sheets




padded rail caps




waterbed accessories



   -electric drain pumps


   -hardside zip covers


   -safety liners


   -conditioner


   -fill and drain kits


   -repair kits


   -mattress pads







bedroom sets




gel infused memory foam mattresses




airframe air cushioned waterbed mattress




air bed replacement pumps and mattresses




testimonials




sterling waterbeds







 


waterbed assembly
hardside return policy




we accept:
		   
		  



waterbeds now on sale! free shipping!










waterbed mattresses
softside waterbeds
hardside waterbeds
softside replacement mattresses


 








waterbed heaters
waterbed sheets
padded rail caps
waterbed accessories



    welcome to my waterbed shop!
 our commitment is to sell products made in the usa
call us toll free at 1-800-428-7083. we have been retailing specialty sleep products since 1978, and since the advent of the internet have become the most trusted source on the web for waterbeds and related accessories. we have gained that reputation by continually offering only the highest quality products at the lowest possible price, while at the same time offering an unparalleled level of personalized service. we provide both hardside and softside waterbeds, and all the equipment and gear you will need including waterbed mattresses and much more. we understand that a great night's sleep is paramount to your family's health and well-being, so we take pride in making sure that the bedding choice you make, is one that you are going to be satisfied with. year after year we have been committed to making sure that your shopping experience is fast, easy and worry free when using our secure on-line ordering system. with over thirty years of experience selling waterbeds to literally thousands of satisfied customers, we have become skilled in matching the right product to suit your own personal needs. all of our staff are trained and experienced sleep experts who are committed to making sure that you are 100% satisfied with your purchase. we offer quick, free shipping on all of our products within the continental united states. our online shop also specializes in shipping our high quality products globally, and we have literally shipped to customers all over the world.
waterbeds have evolved greatly over the years as the technology has improved. new materials such as latex and memory foam have revolutionized the way these modern sleep systems support the body, and have taken comfort to a level never before thought possible. the latest waterbed models offer a truly remarkable sleep surface that is unsurpassed. the balance between support and luxurious comfort all come together with the latest softside waterbeds that are now available. improved polymers and compounds have greatly increased the lifespan of the mattresses, and many carry a lifetime warranty on the seam structure. improvements in heater technology have made the modern system far more accurate and efficient. we are proud carry all of the premier brands including united states watermattress, boyd and thermal guardian.
even though we carry the latest in design and technology, we also have the largest selection of hard to find replacement parts on the web. if it's available, we probably have it. from replacement waterbed mattresses to waterbed heaters, we stock a huge selection at the absolute lowest prices. we also carry a huge selection of bedding with the latest designer patterns and colors. take your time and browse our extensive luxurious collection of no iron sheets. we have recently marked down the prices on our top quality percale solid sheets, so be sure not to miss out on this great sale! visit us often to learn about new and exciting products, or to take part in our special offers.
new!
we also have air beds and memory foam mattresses, and have just received a shipment of incredible posture plus memory foam contour pillows that have been getting rave reviews from satisfied customers. these super comfortable pillows are made with top quality temperature sensitive memory foam that gently contours and molds to your individual shape. the pillows come with a removable washable cover and are hypo-allergenic.

need more waterbed info? visit the wikipedia waterbed page.
please visit the national sleep foundation for helpful articles about sleeping.
have any questions about waterbeds? give us a call at 1-800-428-7083.







about  |  pillow talk  |  customer service  |  shipping  |  security  |  return policy waterbed heater guide | waterbed mattress guide | softside waterbeds guidewaterbeds glossary | waterbeds and your health | waterbeds history sitemap


mywaterbedshop@yahoo.com



©2001-2021 my waterbed shop.  all rights reserved.



























about  |  pillow talk  |  customer service  |  shipping  |  security  |  return policy




waterbed buying guide | waterbeds glossary | waterbeds and your health |  sitemap





my waterbed shop - mywaterbedshop@yahoo.com

























