






























































the news virginian | breaking news | | read waynesboro, va and virginia breaking news. get latest news, events and information on virginia sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















16°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



education



politics



business



nation & world



virginia video network



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists




sports


high school



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



games & puzzles



comics



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



news virginian archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

business

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









16°
snow shower
























        
        
            virginia lawmakers ok bill allowing cities to take over blighted buildings

virginia lawmakers have almost unanimously endorsed legislation that would allow localities to petition a court to assume control of blighted buildings.

















        
        
            botanical garden of the piedmont surpasses $2m fundraising goal, extends capital campaign

an anonymous donor's christmas eve gift of $1 million helped the years-in-the-making botanical garden of the piedmont surpass its $2 million fundraising goal.

















        
        
            hallman: watching the daytona 500 with bill dennis, who crashed on that track 43 years ago

the former star driver lived through his share. as he explained sunday while sitting in his goochland county home watching the daytona 500, he died in one of those wrecks.

















        
        
            virginia ranked last in us for math recovery

average student achievement in math in virginia remains almost a full grade level below 2019 levels, according to researchers at harvard and stanford universities.

















        
        
            'hero' likely averted mass shooting at crozet harris teeter that killed 3

an off-duty federal agent has been heralded as a "hero" after shooting and killing a man who had unleashed gunfire in the parking lot of a crozet grocery store monday.

















        
        
            youngkin: all hands on deck for 'serious' snowstorm

an incoming snowstorm is expected to hammer hampton roads, unaccustomed to snow, and southwest virginia, still reeling from hurricane helene.

















        
        
            roger chesley: proposed anti-gun violence center an asset, should be embraced

virginia lawmakers are trying to create a firearm violence intervention and prevention center. and despite the ample evidence it is needed, the governor will likely veto it.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            'hero' likely averted mass shooting at crozet harris teeter that killed 3


















        
        
            'the devil had gotten him': nelson man gets 18 years for child sex crimes


















        
        
            youngkin: all hands on deck for 'serious' snowstorm















                
                the latest


















        
        
            after shooting her 4 kids, wyoming mom called 911

a gofundme account for cliff harshman, the father, had topped $44,000 by tuesday afternoon.












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            vhsl reverses transgender athlete participation policy to align with trump's executive order

the virginia high school league (vhsl) has changed its policy regarding transgender athlete participation. 





















        
        
            watch the winter storm roll into virginia on these web cams




















                
                latest video




















        
        
            trump says ukraine 'should have never started' the war with russia




















        
        
            darrell byers discusses shooting with chief sean reeves beside him




















        
        
            ukraine rejects us-russia talks as moscow says no nato peacekeepers




















        
        
            trump admin cuts fda staff, targeting food, medical device reviewers












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            virginia basketball overwhelmed in loss to no. 3 duke: three takeaways

virginia fell behind by double digits midway through the first half and was overwhelmed as cooper flagg and duke kept adding to their advantage.




















        
        
            philip montgomery hired as hokies' new offensive coordinator

philip montgomery was hired less than two weeks after former oc tyler bowen left to become ohio state’s offensive line coach and run game coordinator.




















        
        
            core of virginia baseball's roster fueled for 2025 by painful recent exits from omaha

the veteran core of virginia baseball's roster is fueled for the 2025 season by the cavaliers' painful losses at the college world series in recent years.




















        
        
            virginia football prioritized 2026 ol commit dylan biehl

virginia commit dylan biehl, an offensive lineman, said cavaliers offensive line coach terry heffernan made him feel like a priority.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            us, russia hold ukraine negotiations; 4 nations title game set | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            my pet world: chewing challenges — keeping a high-energy hound happily engaged

dear cathy,




















        
        
            coca-cola is responding to poppi and olipop with new 'better for you' soda

coca-cola is rolling out simply pop, a prebiotic soda that it claims “supports gut health,” in response to the growing popularity and sales of its smaller rivals.




















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            are ai companions the future of long-distance relationships in virginia?

affiliate content. examine whether ai companions could shape the future of long-distance relationships in virginia, offering new ways to bridge emotional and physical gaps.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.












partner








        
        
            from building glutes to shredding abs: the 4 hottest fitness trends for 2025

get healthy. here are four ways to build resistance, resilience and longevity into an exercise regimen that you’ll love.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            7-eleven-stuarts draft



                                        50 draft ave, stuarts draft, va 24477
                                    






















        
        
            fulton mortgage



                                        319 southgate shopping center, culpeper, va 22701
                                    






















        
        
            haley



                                        62 link rd, waynesboro, va 22980
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter









sites & partners


place an ad

join our team

public notices

newsletter sign-up

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

licensing

shopping

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        the news virginian, 201 c. rosser ave. waynesboro, va 22980
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

all

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe






sports breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe































