






imagination celebration – expanding minds in a shrinking world

































		skip to content	



 




imagination celebration
expanding minds in a shrinking world








    menu	
home
about us  

mission and vision
leadership council
sponsors, underwriters and donors
contact


the portal
the creative exchange
programs  

kaleidoscope arts project
dragon theatre productions
over the moon school theater  

past seasons: over the moon family theater
educator resources


20+ years of performing arts


ispace
what if… festival
donate  

donate!
volunteer!



  
			scroll down to content		












home


instigating innovationsinspiring creativityexpanding engagementimagine…
a community brimming with: music, scientific exploration, theater, innovative engineering, dance, painting, thoughtful invention, sculpture, poetry, folk art, literature; enticing architecture and engaging ideas.
imagine…   people using their creativity and applauding the creativity of others.
now…open your eyes, watch this image come to life.  help this image come to life!
why?
because there is more to life than tests, work and video games.
as a not-for-profit organization, our mission is to connect people of all ages to the brain-stimulating, life-enriching power of creativity.
we vigorously pursue:
• inspiring artistic and intellectual curiosity in children, teens and adults;• engaging our community in collaborative experiences;• showcasing the creative achievements of those courageously exploring ideas;• invigorating life-long learning;• igniting creativity;
and, of course…celebrating!                        
  like our facebook page here
evidence of our impact.
see what we do in the community.
our team

 










e-newsletter 




don't miss out! enter your email address below to receive our e-newsletter.












   





 



		proudly powered by wordpress	











































































































































































