














home | waterless grass 


























							call us direct: (702)368-1412
						
















home
our grass
our story
get pricing
 


								☰
							





















home
our grass
our story
get pricing
 











							the synthetic 
							alternative to 
							real grass!
						

							enjoy virtually maintenance-free paradise 
							with a mirage waterless grass lawn.
						



perfect for:




front & back yards
pet areas & play areas
pool surrounds




roof gardens
common areas
urban areas




							view products
						
































							since 1998 , our mirage waterless grass™ has been installed on almost every continent and in most every environment on the planet...from the hot arid deserts... to the freezing cold and snowy n.w. territories of canada...to the hot, rainy and humid caribbean islands! mirage waterless grass allows home and business owners to 
 create a low-cost, virtually maintenance free lawn that is green year-round and requires no mowing, watering, or fertilizers.
						













									never mow your yard again!
								


								save time, energy, and sell your lawn mower!
							







									absolutely no watering!
								


								save time and money not watering your lawn.
							







									no brown patches or dead spots!
								


								be the only one on the block with a perfect lawn.
							







									no fertilizing, no chemicals, no seeding!
								


								100% safe product
							























previous



next






								imagine having a gorgeous, green lawn all year long!
							

								as a home owner, you know there are plenty of things to 
								keep you busy around the house. the last thing you want 
								to worry about is maintaining your lawn, especially when 
								the average american home owner spends more than 
								40 hours a year on lawn care. isn't there a better way to 
								use your time, energy and money?
								the answer to your 
								lawn maintenance headaches is mirage waterless grass, 
								a revolutionary synthetic turf that looks and feels like 
								real grass... but without all the maintenance necessary 
								with real grass. imagine having a gorgeous, green lawn 
								all year long under any weather conditions. 
							

								that's right, a 
								durable, professionally manicured green lawn all year 
								long that requires no mowing, watering or chemicals.
								
							

								view products
							

warning: do not accept imitations! we are one of the first innovators of artificial grass and the exclusive maker and distributer of our waterless grass and putting greens brands!













								sample our waterless 
								grass today!
							

								want to see the difference? we will mail over a sample of our watergrass for you to feel!
							

								get a sample
							














privacy policy
become a reseller
faq
installation
send sample
contact

 waterless grass has been installed in climates ranging from the arid deserts of the southwest to the wintry terrain of northern canada. designed for residential and commercial applications, it can easily fit into any space, regardless of shape or size.






















