






marissa jaret winokur:  from a fans eyes


















 




















marissa jaret winokur: from a fans eyes





















home


stacked on fox


stacked photos


marissa's news


marissa's accomplishments


winokur facts


photos!!!


message board


chat!!!  *new*


about me


my art/writings


my swami


hairspray!!!


fun extras!!!


cancer tribute


my soldier


sites to visit!


credits~ special thanks!


faqs
















click
                           here to bookmark this page!


the latest:  marissa is going back to broadway!!!  she's reprising
                           her role as tracy once again!  read more about it in the "news" section.  *throws confetti*






here she is...





...miss winokur!!!












marissa jaret winokur--cervical cancer survivor











marissa and i at the stage door of hairspray. yay!































marissa was at this site! yay!














welcome to my site. this is a website devoted to the wonderful and inspiring actress, marissa jaret winokur. i
                           would just like to mention that this is not her official website. i am just a fan of hers (and a big one!). you may know marissa
                           from her former leading role in the broadway musical hairspray. marissa has gone from broadway to hollywood. she has
                           been in the abc family movie beautiful girl. she is now working on another movie, always a bridesmaid. marissa has also appeared
                           on numerous television shows. please check back to the site often--i will be updating as often as possible. if you have any
                           suggestions for the site, or comments, please feel free to e-mail me at piippo_girls@hotmail.com thank you and enjoy!! 


















for those of you wondering why i created this website, it is because marissa
                                             jaret winokur is my idol.  i wouldn't call it an obsession either.  i am just very inspired by her work.  she
                                             is the reason that i got interested in theatre.  her work is very inspiring.  especially due to the fact that she
                                             is not your stereotypical actress of 5'10'' and 110 lbs. but she doesn't let that stop her from making her dreams come
                                             true.  i can't wait until i can thank her in my tony award acceptance speech.  she is an all around amazing person,
                                             and i'm hoping that by creating this website more people will notice what she is doing.  






i've been certified!!!





check out this site! 































join the mailing list

enter your name and email address below:
                                             name: 
                                             email: 
subscribe 
                                             unsubscribe 
                                             



















































