










 the lin institute, for sex- and drug-associated problems  







 




 






  your internet host: newman k. lin, ph.d., pe.
welcome you!



	為中西醫築橋的林博士工程師


	歡迎您來!


 ask dr. lin, free!
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









welcome to the lin institute! @ linplaza.com
 when our nutritional supplements and

aquali anal breathing qigong exercises can do it,
you don't need drugs at all.  click catalog/order
for our life-enrichment nutritional products.
suffering
 is believing ( for mythic
 back pains? click here), or
 seeing
 is believing (when ufo are flying over your visual field but you can not catch
 or get rid off them! and  when your optometrists
 can not find them inside your eyeballs either!

 ),
or
   hearing is believing
(when you hear your alarm go off but you cannot turn if
off!!).
  in  god we trust. all others provide evidences - data and/or cases! yes, we got
them for you!
  the theoretical foundation of the problems is given in http://www.actionlove.com.  
suggested sample solutions to rejuvenate your neuro-endocrine function
and to power your dopamine, acetylcholine (cholinergic/vagal/parasympathetic), serotonin, gaba, oxytocinergic and
noergic nervous system for  health and life enrichment: 
1. for exhausted or drug-abused young men and women,
take viapal-hgh-j(3-015), arginox(1-018),
and options: pinealtonin (2-002) (or 5-htp (2-001)), detoxia(1-017) and fish oil; drug
abusers should include detoxia;

2. for exhausted or drug-abused men and women after age 30,
take viapal-hgh-p(3-010), arginox(1-018), and options: pinealtonin (2-002) (or 5-htp
(2-001)), detoxia(1-017) and fish oil; drug abusers should include detoxia;
3. for men and women with hypertension, high blood pressure, anxiety, stress, and
menopause conditions, take viapal-hgh-e(3-011) (or viapla-hgh-m (3-014),
arginox(1-018), and options: detoxia(1-017) and fish oil; drug abusers should
include detoxia.
for information about the  non-organic body
pain, cramp,
headaches,
dizziness,
vertigo,
depression,
anxiety,
stress,
urinary
incontinence,
over-reactive bladder,  ibs, ocd, chronic
prostate pain or non-bacterial "infected" prostatitis
(particularly, after sex),  panic attack, hot
flashes (memopause symptoms), unwanted night sweating(male/female menopause
or excessive overstressed symptoms - elevation of core temperature), loss memory,
 poor concentration (add),
adhd,  poor vision, eye
floater, 
buzzing ears,...., please go to http://www.actionlove.com
or http://www.healthtao.net,
where dr. lin provides the most unique explanation and solutions for you to
understand the mythic syndromes which are still ufo to the western medical
societies.

	by the way. why do we add the concentracted, tripple strength
omeage-3 fish oil
 into our product family? and for what?
please read this insterested publication "the importance of the omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid ratio in cardiovascular disease and other chronic diseases." in experiemental biology and medicine. 
the whole article is given in 

http://ebm.sagepub.com/content/233/6/674.full.pdf+html . according to this 
study, you may need as high as 3000 mg omage-3 (3 pills of our omega-3 fish oil) 
every day.
any questions?  please go to 
 ask dr. lin, free! thank you.



.

