





- company of the silver spindle











































skip to content






company of the silver spindle
home of the spinning guild in the kingdom of atlantia






search for:



 
















guild charter
guild membership and ranks
 



fb
 















01.
queen jane alexandria fitzpatrick’s shawl
presentation of queen jane alexandria fitzpatrick’s shawl at ymir 2022 in the barony of windmaster’s hill photos graciously donated by…

view















welcome to the spinning guild of the kingdom of atlantia!
the company of the silver spindle, formerly known as the knowne whorl spinners is a guild dedicated to the art of hand spinning fibers, using handspun yarns to create pieces through various methods of the textile arts, teaching the art of spinning and various techniques of using these yarns, and researching the use of fiber throughout the ages. these fiber arts include, but are not limited to, spinning, dyeing, weaving, knitting, crochet, finger weaving, and embroidery. as we are a guild operating within the confines of the society for creative anachronism, we will keep the main focus on techniques of these arts as they were practiced before 1600. however, as spinning and the other fiber arts transcend time and place, members are more than encouraged to explore the modern innovations in color, fibers, techniques and styles and share their knowledge and experiences with others.
the society for creative anachronism (sca) is an international non-profit organization dedicated to researching and re-creating the arts and skills of pre-17th-century europe. our “known world” consists of 19 kingdoms, with over 30,000 members residing in countries around the world. the kingdom of atlantia encompasses all of maryland, the district of columbia, north carolina, south carolina, most of virginia and a small portion of georgia. members create and attend events which feature performing arts, tournaments, royal courts, feasts, dancing, various classes & workshops, and more. click http://sca.org for more!










 














copyright © 2025 disclaimer | shopup by ascendoor | powered by wordpress. 



fb
 













