











department of pediatrics – university of wisconsin school of medicine and public health – uw–madison






















 



























skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









department of pediatrics

university of wisconsin school of medicine and public health




search






menu
open menu


close





home
equity & anti-racism
clinical
education
expand


collapse



medical students
residency program
fellowship programs
professional development
faculty development
medical education week
clinical care week
other training programs


research
expand


collapse



research home page
clinical study coordination
department resources & tools
environment & facilities
funding opportunities
odell & wald awards
research training
pediatrics research week
research groups


advocacy
divisions
expand


collapse



allergy, immunology & rheumatology
cardiology
child protection
critical care
developmental pediatrics & rehabilitation medicine
endocrinology & diabetes
gastroenterology, hepatology & nutrition
general pediatrics & adolescent medicine
genetics and metabolism
global pediatrics
hematology, oncology, transplant & cellular therapy
hospital medicine & complex care
infectious diseases
neonatology & newborn nursery
nephrology
pulmonology & sleep medicine


about us
expand


collapse



our history
physician leadership
staff leadership
news
annual report
newsletter
facilities
careers
living in madison
land acknowledgement
shared governance
contact us


 



make a gift
news
careers
contact us
directory
intranet
 








 




welcome to the university of wisconsin department of pediatrics
the department of pediatrics at the university of wisconsin school of medicine and public health promotes and enhances the health of children through outstanding clinical care, exemplary education of pediatric trainees, performance of cutting-edge research, and vigorous advocacy. it is the academic home to more than 200 faculty members across 16 subspeciality divisions.
read more about us

 
 
 
 






 



train with us

formal training programs for medical students, residents, fellows, postgraduate researchers, and faculty provide subspecialty expertise to prepare the next generation of clinicians, scientists, scholars, and leaders in academic pediatrics.

 





 



learn with us

professional development activities provide valuable learning and cme opportunities to faculty, staff, and trainees as well as pediatricians throughout the region. we host weekly pediatric grand rounds, annual conferences and lectures, and regular workshops.

 





 



work with us

we are dedicated to recruiting new faculty and staff to help us improve the lives of children in wisconsin and beyond. internships and student employment opportunities in health care administration and research provide experiences for emerging professionals.

 
 
 
 


featured events and news


 





 



norman fost lecture
dr. david allen presents, “sex-testing to control binary sports eligibility: can it be both feasible and fair?” on february 20.

                  learn more                



black history month at uw
join the uw community as it celebrates, supports, and acknowledges the intersectionality of the black identity.

                  learn more                



black history highlight
in honor of black history month, here are some contributions to the field of pediatric medicine from black doctors and scientists.

                  learn more                



march 8 at monona terrace
the american family children's hospital gala supports children and families. learn how to attend or sponsor the event.

                  learn more                


 


 
 
 
 


recent newsdepartment of pediatrics newborn hospitalist team cares for the newest members of our community at unitypoint health–meriterapproximately 5,000 pregnant patients per year give birth to their babies at unitypoint health–meriter hospital (uph meriter) in central madison, the largest number of any wisconsin hospital with birthing services. newborns delivered at uph meriter …february 10, 2025beaver dam’s community pediatrics joins uw health to become uw health kids beaver damuw health’s pediatric primary care clinics increased from five to six on november 1, 2024, with the addition of newly renamed uw health kids beaver dam. known previously as community pediatrics of beaver dam, it …february 7, 2025megan moreno and officer adam nagel discuss social media and teen mental health on team-based care podcastmegan moreno, md, msed, mph, professor, division chief (academic), vice chair of academic affairs, division of general pediatrics and adolescent medicine, sat down with shezad baloch, host of the team-based care podcast, to discuss social …february 6, 2025christine seroogy weighs in on raw milk debate with the new york timeschristine seroogy, md, professor, division of allergy, immunology, and rheumatology, recently spoke with the new york times about the nuances of research on raw milk. when ancient humans discovered that they could nourish themselves with …february 5, 2025pediatrics faculty share expertise: january 2025department of pediatrics faculty members are experts in child health, parenting, vaccinations, and other related topics. they are frequently sought out by local, state, and national journalists for their insights. below is a list of …february 3, 2025laura chen assumes role as course director of phase 3 inpatient acting internships–pediatricsphase 3 of the smph forward curriculum is dedicated to specialty-specific competency development and internship preparation with opportunities for individualized electives, career advising, and special projects. laura chen, md, assistant professor, division of hospital medicine and complex …january 24, 2025pediatric diabetes team attends t1d exchange collaborativethe pediatric diabetes team attended the annual learning sessions for the t1d exchange qi collaborative in chicago on november 11. the conference is a multidisciplinary gathering of clinical and research team members from the more …january 24, 2025pelin cengiz and team wins meriter foundation grant for healthy little eyes projectpelin cengiz, md, professor, division of critical care, and her team members bikash pattnaik, md, associate professor, and ryan mcadams, md, professor, both in the division of neonatology and newborn nursery, have been awarded $99,970 from the …january 24, 2025more news... 
more

 



find more news
read our monthly e-newsletter, milestones
follow us on x (formerly twitter)
follow us on linkedin
follow the pediatrics residency program on instagram

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website














































 
quick linksmake a gift
news
careers
department directory
about us
social media statement
report mistreatment


contact usuw department of pediatrics
600 highland avenue
mail code 4108
madison, wi  53792

twitter


instagram


linkedin

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: webmaster@pediatrics.wisc.edu.
learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.













