

































home - office of the provost and senior vice president










































 





 

                office of the provost and senior vice president 






open menu







close menu









open search







close search









tufts university




 






tufts university





            skip to main content
        



main menu
about

provost and senior vice president, caroline attardo genco, ph.d.
academic leadership
staff


news and events

announcements
events


offices

education
faculty
innovation
institutional inclusive excellence
research


policies & guidelines
programs

graduate travel support
internal seed funding programs
laidlaw scholars program
teaching @ tufts
women’s leadership program


initiatives

connecting the community of tufts scholars (ccts)
elevate strategic visioning
faculty engagement
faculty housing
faculty market analysis
tufts talks openly


 








open search




        search
    
 
 









close search section






search




search



















close directory






search people




search directory



















search directory












search




search













          office of the provost and senior vice president        








uncovering the social impacts of a cultivated meat boom  cultivated meat aims to provide meat products in a more sustainable way, without slaughtering animals. those working in the cellular agriculture space—growing new meat products, testing flavors, and determining how to scale up their technologies—hold... read moreleila fawaz receives provost’s medalleila fawaz was awarded the provost’s medal on december 5 in recognition of her nearly 50-year career as a distinguished social historian of the eastern mediterranean region, with specific emphasis on the arab provinces of the... read moreinaugural team science summit connects climate and health expertslightning talks enabled attendees to maximize knowledge exchange on current projects and capabilities read morebárbara brizuela embraces interdisciplinarity as dean of the school of arts and sciencesthe dedicated teacher and administrator brings a holistic approach to the permanent deanship read moreprovost’s catalyst program launchesobjectives include strengthening competitiveness for large, multi-disciplinary funding opportunities and expanding the university’s network of prospective stakeholders and partners across sectors read moreuniversity announces the launch of tufts beyond 175the intensive planning effort will be inclusive of all campuses and constituencies at tufts read morefletcher school dean nameddean ad interim kelly sims gallagher has been named dean of the fletcher school, effective september 1. read more 




welcome

the office of the provost is responsible for setting institutional and budgetary priorities that advance the university’s mission. this team champions and integrates educational and research activities across the university and ensures programs are of the highest quality by working closely with faculty, staff, alumni, and students. the office of the provost oversees the university’s education, research, faculty affairs, innovation, and diversity, equity, inclusion, and justice operations.
on august 1, 2023, caroline attardo genco, ph.d. became provost and senior vice president of tufts university after serving as the interim provost from january 2022 to july 2023. as provost, she is the chief academic officer of tufts university, overseeing eight schools as well as multiple cross-school programs, centers, and institutes. learn more about provost genco, her role as provost, and her leadership and research background. 




news & announcements



 

tufts university announces third cellular agriculture innovation day
            leading experts and industry players will unite to discuss...        



 

introducing the institutional neutrality working group
            november 15, 2024 dear tufts university community members, over...        



 

bárbara brizuela named dean of the school of arts and sciences
            november 4, 2024 dear tufts community members, we are...        



 

introducing elevate: strategic visioning for inclusive excellence at tufts
            dear tufts community, last week, president kumar wrote to...        


 























tufts university







instagram twitter facebook vimeo 

quick linksannouncements and remarks
diversity.tufts.edu
global leadership
institutional research
privacy statement & terms of use
teaching at tufts
vice provost for research
quick linksannouncements and remarks
diversity.tufts.edu
global leadership
institutional research
privacy statement & terms of use
teaching at tufts
vice provost for research



contact

            office of the provost and senior vice president                        1 the green            ballou hall, 2nd floor            medford,             ma             02155 

617.627.3310 provost@tufts.edu 

 





            © tufts university 2025          




non-discrimination statement


privacy statement


accessibility























 




