













home - coldstream

























































contact us
careers
client login
whatsapp cyberfraud scam
 
















individuals and families

wealth management
risk management
tax & consulting


institutional

endowments and foundations
fund management


about us

about us overview
our founder story
engaging in our community
awards and recognitions


meet your team

meet your team overview
contact us


insights

insights overview
market commentary
wealth strategy
the coo roundtable podcast
disability advisory services
women and wealth
company benefits


contact uscareersclient loginwhatsapp cyberfraud scam 

 











financial services
tailored to you
learn more



 






financial plans
optimized to serve you
learn more



 






your mission
is our mission
learn more



 






protect 
what matters most
learn more



 









wealth management
risk management
tax & consulting
endowments and foundations
fund management



who we are & what we do for you
personalized financial services created just for you.
managing your finances can sometimes feel overwhelming. that’s why we’re here to simplify the process and provide you with financial solutions tailored to your needs.
no two financial situations are the same. that’s why we offer bespoke strategies that suit your unique financial goals. we’ll start by getting to know you, your financial aspirations, and build a wealth strategy that will get you where you want to be.
from specialized investment portfolios to comprehensive retirement planning and estate management, we offer a wide range of services designed to empower you to take control of your future with confidence and achieve your financial goals.
but it’s not just about numbers and figures to us – it’s about building lasting relationships. we go above and beyond for you. why? because when you choose to work with us, you’re entrusting us to guide you and your family. the trust you place in us means everything, and we do not take our responsibility lightly.
trusted financial services for over 28 years
we are proud to have served our clients since 1996. this represents over 28 years of showing up for our clients, their kids and their kids’ kids. it’s helping families like yours reach their goals, whether it’s buying a dream home, having a loved one graduate from college or being able to retire early. it’s been an honor to serve you and we can’t wait to see what we can accomplish together next.


jump to section
select a service


select service
wealth management
risk management
tax & consulting
endowments and foundations
fund management









featured
harrison berkman claypool & guard and hbc financial services join coldstream




featured
harrison berkman claypool & guard and hbc financial services join coldstream

                    seattle, jan. 09, 2025 – we are excited to announce  that seattle-based financial services firms harrison berkman claypool & guard (“hbcg”) a full-service accounting firm, and hbc financial services (“hbc”), a registered investment advisor, are joining coldstream. the firms bring approximately $500 million in assets under advisement, growing coldstream’s total aua to $11.1 billion. the combination [...] 

read more














insights














does my child need to file a tax return?

                              your teenager may have had their first job working at the snack shack last summer, and their w2 just arrived in the mail.  or perhaps you collectively decided to sell some of the gifted microsoft stock from their custodial account so your teenager could purchase their first car.  now you’ve received a 1099 and wonder [...] 


read more











tax-efficient investing: don’t lose portfolio gains to taxes

                              the beatles taught me my first lessons about taxes when i heard the song “taxman” as a teenager. years later, george harrison’s lyrics about taxes frame a lot of my client conversations, as george was not joking when he wrote, “let me tell you how it will be: there’s one for you, nineteen for me, [...] 


read more











invest in women: a night of inspiration, connection, and impact

                              as we reflect on another remarkable invest in women event, i am reminded of the power of shared experiences, meaningful conversations, and the strength of a supportive community. coldstream’s commitment to fostering these connections was on full display as we gathered for an evening filled with inspiration, learning, and collaboration. the energy in the room [...] 


read more


















discover how we can help you achieve financial peace of mind.
let’s start the conversation today, contact us to schedule your personal consultation.

connect with an advisor



























bellevue

 425.283.1600





seattle

 206.281.7700





mercer island

 206.466.6200





kirkland

 425.822.6557





portland

 503.239.0475





boise

 208.515.2230





kenai

 907.215.2180







disclosures
privacy policy
adv part 2
adv part 3 – form crs




            © 2024 coldstream holdings, inc. is the parent company of complementary lines of services: investment advisory is offered by coldstream capital management, inc. dba coldstream wealth management. property and casualty insurance is offered by fit insurance, inc. dba coldstream risk management. all rights reserved.          












