








behavioral healthcare and emotional support in central ohio- netcare access












































 



















 


find help
donate
 services

phone, text, and chat based-services
residential services
community-based services
forensic services
outpatient services


careers
about us

netcare foundation
history
resources


 




menu
back























































how to make a referral
quick links
contact us
find help
donate
 




find help immediately
if you or someone you know is suicidal, in emotional distress or in need of substance use crisis attention, netcare access has trained crisis workers available
24 hours a day, 7 days a week.





 

netcare crisis line for franklin county residents
call 614.276.care (614- 276-2273)
24 hrs / 365 days a year




 

suicide and crisis lifeline
call or text 988
24 hrs / 365 days a year
 




 

residential and outpatient services
 
 


















offering
help & hope
central ohio’s connection to the crisis support you need.
 








   


our mission
we help people in need of behavioral healthcare and emotional support by providing comprehensive, evidence-based services needed to attain recovery and maintain well-being. we also help the courts and community agencies by providing professional evaluations and assessments for those that need them.
 
 

learn more









what we do
we offer specialized treatment for adults in need of mental health and substance use services in franklin county. our programs include 24/7 crisis phone line, crisis and substance use assessment, stabilization and residential services in addition to community-based services and probate and forensic services to the county court systems. 

see services















1. phone, text, and chat-based services
netcare offers 24/7 call, text, and chat services, providing immediate support and crisis intervention for individuals in need.
learn more
 






2. residential services
netcare’s residential services offer short-term housing options, providing mental health support and stabilization.
learn more






3. community-based services
we work in the community to ensure the safety of all adult individuals in franklin county.  
learn more






4. forensic services
partnering with the local courts and offering expert forensic evaluations on matters of mental illness. 
learn more






5. outpatient services
outpatient services are provided in accordance with samhsa certified community behavioral health clinic (ccbhc) criteria.
learn more













our 2023 impact
we’re proud to serve as central ohio’s leading responder to community members struggling with mental illness and substance use. on average, we serve a large number of franklin county county residents in a given year.




576
residential clients served at csu and miles house




167,706
calls handled by ers clinicians




12,531
row one transports 





learn more about netcare








news & events




new

be a lifeline: make a gift to our annual campaign today!




read more








recent articles
see all




a grateful celebration: raising $52,700 at the 6th annual community awards & recognition dinner




read more




celebrating two years of the 988 suicide & crisis lifeline




read more




join us on october 3, 2024 for our premiere event!




read more











  in their own words
 
 
 
.









 


find help
donate






contact
199 south central avenue
columbus, ohio 43223
614-276-care (2273)
988
how to make a referral
 
 



services
careers
about us
resources
 
netcare privacy statement
notice of privacy practices
community shelter board information
formas españolas
faq




partners and affiliations 



   

   

   

 




accreditations



   

   






© 2025 netcare access 















