






vent
































toll free: 800.328.8368

phone: 512.328.5221










about ventthe nature of our businessour teamfeatured leadertestimonialstoursall toursnew toursspecial offerscruiseslatest newsbreaking news/twittervent webinarsleader messages & memoriestraveler experiencesfield reportsnews briefsventflashgalleriesphotosvideosconservationhelpchoosing a tourtour typesguaranteed departuresregister for a tourpreparation & insurancepayment, cancellations & refundsresponsibilitynew customer referral programfrequently asked questionsrequest informationcontact uscontact & directionsrequest information







worldwide birding & nature tours
since 1976 

choose your tour latest field reportsspecial offers

































welcome to vent
victor emanuel nature tours (vent) is one of the most highly regarded birding and nature tour companies in the world. founded by industry pioneer victor emanuel in 1976, vent sets the standard for excellence in ecotourism. the world-class expertise of our tour leaders, combined with our office staff's decades of tour operations experience, ensures outstanding (and fun!) tours of the highest quality.
all domestic tours are guaranteed departures!






breaking news from the field 
get the latest news and sightings from our tour leaders with twitter feed! 
go to twitter 




new tours 
every year vent offers an exciting array of new tours and new
                                destinations!view new tours




vent webinars
our tour leaders share remarkable experiences in birding and nature.

watch webinars






featured tour leader -  kevin zimmer
kevin attributes his lifelong interest in birds and nature to the influence of his father...
read more







featured tours








						{{d.permanentpriceblurb}}
date tba
{{departureservice.getdeparturedates(d)}}



view tour













tour typeswe offer a variety
                            of tour types to accommodate a wide range of interests.
                        





birding & wildlife  designed to provide a comprehensive survey of
                                        the birds and wildlife of a region. view tours






birds, nature & culture designed for people who are interested in birds and
                                        nature, as well as culture and history. view tours





relaxed & easy™

                                        birding & wildlife tours, but at a more leisurely pace, with less walking
                                        and shorter days in the field. view tours





birding & natural history cruises specially designed cruises to some of
                                        the world’s most remarkable destinations—some accessible only by ship. view tours












stay informed!

stay up-to-date with victor emanuel nature tours!  join our mailing list to receive all the latest news from our dedicated travel experts and world class guides, special travel offers, promotions and upcoming departures. 
stay up-to-date with victor emanuel nature tours



join our mailing list
















explore

about vent

our team

tours

cruises

latest news

ventflash

galleries

conservation

order tour catalogs







help

choosing a tour

tour types

guaranteed departures

register for a tour

preparation & insurance

payment, cancellations & refunds

responsibility

new customer referral program

frequently asked questions

request
                                    information






contact us

victor emanuel nature tours
2525 wallingwood drive
suite 1003
austin, tx 78746
toll free: 800.328.8368
phone: 512.328.5221
fax: 512.328.2919
email: info@ventbird.com
privacy policy
terms of use






follow us on





















© 2024 victor emanuel nature tours. all rights reserved.























































