



heroic cinema | the guide to asian movies in australia


































 




















skip to content

homeabout hc
contact us

the guide to asian movies in australia







← older posts



godzilla minus one (2023)

                (from japan,                dir: takashi yamazaki)
            

posted on december 29, 2023 by andrew 

 it’s been a big final month of 2023 for overseas fans of asian cinema, with some all-stars bringing their game to cinemas. john woo returns to american movies again with silent night. hayao miyazaki simply returns, with the boy and the heron. and with a name even more well known than those cinema legends, the kaiju king, the monarch of monsters, returns yet again. godzilla is back.
for context, this reviewer dipped into the godzilla back catalogue for … (read more)  

comments off on godzilla minus one (2023)



midnight (2021)

                (from south korea,                dir: kwon oh-seung)
            

posted on august 15, 2023 by andrew 

 a serial killer thriller, midnight poses the premise “what if a quiet place, but the stalking monster was a man?” the two movies are quite different in setting and plot, but tonally very similar and hinge on the actions of a character with no sense of hearing trying to survive and save others from a scary and relentless threat.
protagonist kim kyung-mi (jin ki-joo) is deaf and can only speak with great difficulty. we’re quickly encouraged to like this … (read more)  

comments off on midnight (2021)



magnificent warriors (1987)

                (from hong kong,                dir: david chung)
            

posted on may 1, 2023 by andrew 

 equally excellent in the fields of action, comedy and drama, and after dozens of major roles in hong kong, chinese and american productions, michelle yeoh can seemingly do, well, everything. everywhere. maybe, even, all at once. having recently been awarded an oscar for her performance in everything everywhere all at once, many folks will be looking to catch up on her back catalogue and magnificent warriors is an early career highlight.
after her breakout buddy cop role with cynthia … (read more)  

comments off on magnificent warriors (1987)



odd couple (1979)

                (from hong kong,                dir: lau kar wing)
            

posted on march 16, 2023 by andrew 

 odd couple is one of the quintessential kung fu films focused on the use of weapons, rather than unarmed forms of combat. other weapon-centric flicks include heroes of the east and legendary weapons of china, both directed by lau kar leung for shaw brothers studios. odd couple is directed by lau kar wing — brother of lau kar leung — for the independent film company gar bo films which he led along with sammo hung and karl maka. it’s … (read more)  

comments off on odd couple (1979)



three (2016)

                (from hong kong,                dir: johnnie to)
            

posted on february 16, 2023 by andrew 

 ok then. it’s my turn to offer some thoughts on a movie from johnnie to, someone whose long and varied output i largely relish, and a much-loved director here on hc.
three is alright. gulp.
a single location thriller set in a hospital, three maintains the quirky humour that is a big part of the milkyway image house style, although there’s a dark edge to most of the comedy this time around. chance has a big influence on the outcome, … (read more)  

comments off on three (2016)



dreadnaught (1981)

                (from hong kong,                dir: yuen woo ping)
            

posted on january 14, 2023 by andrew 

 dreadnaught is a lot of things. a cracker of a fun movie for a start. it’s also a wong fei-hung story, a slasher movie, a star turn for yuen biao, the inspiration for a scene in batman forever and still remains a unique film in its own right, approaching genre conventions with an unconventional spin. blending generous helpings of action, comedy, and horror into one madcap mixture only 95 minutes long, some scenes incredibly still manage to drag a little!… (read more)  

comments off on dreadnaught (1981)



decision to leave (2022)

                (from south korea,                dir: park chan-wook)
            

posted on october 23, 2022 by andrew 

 it’s been a while since park chan-wook’s last feature length film. since the handmaiden in 2016, he’s done some television and short film work, so the industry was well and truly ready for another big screen event from one of south korea’s hardest hitting directors. koffia hosted screenings of decision to leave in some australian cities back in september, but madman has engineered a wider release for the film so now more folks have a chance to see what images … (read more)  

comments off on decision to leave (2022)



once upon a time in china & america (1997)

                (from hong kong,                dir: sammo hung)
            

posted on october 16, 2022 by andrew 

 wong fei hung goes west. ok, technically he goes east to get to the american west, but it’s very much wong fei hung in a western genre film. the once upon a time in china film series has always had a historical fiction slant, so the premise of this entry, while more fanciful than those that came before it, is different in degree rather than kind. once upon a time in china & america (ouaticaa) slides into self-parody … (read more)  

comments off on once upon a time in china & america (1997)



← older posts








search for:



 subscribe to our rss feed!
follow us on twitter!
like us on facebook! 

like us on facebook!

 recent reviews 

godzilla minus one (2023)


midnight (2021)


magnificent warriors (1987)


odd couple (1979)


three (2016)


dreadnaught (1981)


decision to leave (2022)


once upon a time in china & america (1997)


bad guy


dali & cocky prince


a korean odyssey


special delivery (2022)


hwarang


my girlfriend is a gumiho


strong girl bong soon


 recent articles 

when fortune smiles: the life and times of raymond chow and golden harvest


starburst: icons of chinese cinema (art gallery of nsw)


korean film festival (koffia) 2017


melbourne: koreeda films screening at cinémathèque


this week in cinemas: ‘a silent voice’ (japan, anime)


elsewhere on the web

david bordwell's blog
lovehkfilm
the reel bits
twitchfilm
wise kwai's thai film journal









					heroic cinema				



					proudly powered by wordpress.				










