







rogers quarter horses: montana breeding, buckskin stallions, team roping





































































































              home
            

              stallions
            

              training
            

              top performers
            

              horse sales
            

              the rogers family
            

              sponsors
            

              shoeing
            

              tribute to gunner
            

              contact us
            

































































homestallionstrainingtop performershorse salesthe rogers familysponsorsshoeingtribute to gunnercontact us







quarter horse breeding and training facility in missoula, montana.











scroll






    









rogers quarter horses

 









 

horses with proven pedigrees & performance recordsrogers quarter horses is a family run operation that raises versatile performance horses.we are located in the heart of the big sky country, in missoula, montana.our main emphasis has always been on a type of horse that has a quiet disposition, a trainable mind, structural soundness, cow sense, and enough quickness and speed to get the job done. 























at rogers quarter horses we strive to raise horses that can handle rough country and withstand the pressure of everyday use working cattle in and out of the arena. we have always tried to concentrate our program around the close-up breeding of proven versatile performance lines such as: paddy’s irish whiskey, frenchman’s guy, dash to fame, genuine doc, bo jo river, peppy san badger, fire water flit, harlan. we have learned that by infusing a little running blood with proven foundation and cow horse lines makes for a truly versatile using horse that will excel on the ranch and in the arena.























we have all classes of horses for sale throughout the year - stop by and we will be happy to show you our stallions and their colts. commit to the lord, whatever you do, and your plans will succeed. ~proverbs 16:3



click below to read article:




    western horseman article, "buckskin, the most marketable color"
  













searching for your next champion?our performance prospects sure are looking great. if you are looking for a rope horse or barrel horse you will want to visit our horse sales.




    horse sales
  








intro



featured










generalhomestallionstrainingtop performershorse salesthe rogers familysponsorsshoeingtribute to gunnercontact us

 











matt rogers3333 big flat roadmissoula, mt 59804(406)239-6096























copyright © 2021, rogersquarterhorses - designed by spyder interactiveall rights reserved. made in the usa.









