










discover manchester, vermont | plan a visit
















































































blog
in the news
email signup
contact us
getting here






















stay

hotels and resorts
bed and breakfast, inns
motels
vacation rentals


taste

cafes/bakeries
restaurants


shop

clothing and gear
inspired gifts
specialty items
for the home
designer outlets


experiences

explore the region
experiences

indoor experiences
outdoor experiences
ski southern vt


festivals
the arts

performing arts
visual arts


blog
ski southern vt


events

daily calendar
featured events


living

automotive

auto repair
auto sales


real estate
professional services
home improvement
medical, health, and beauty
community
town of manchester
i’m a local!


weddings

venues























 


















 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


















 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 












discover  manchester  vermont

escape to the green mountains, where big, undiscovered experiences await.







experience winter





experience spring





experience summer





experience fall







manchester featured business partners















world-class accommodations, recreational activities and premiere cultural events.

stay at our boutique hotels, charming inns, and cottages. spend the night in a 5-star hotel, a branded national chain, a new england-style inn, a mom and pop owned accommodation, or choose from a wide variety of airbnb selections. world-class shopping, exceptional dining, and endless outdoor activities. local cuisine styles range from high-end quality dining to a unique food truck experience. a destination for a wide range of arts and culture, you’ll find performances by acclaimed actors and playwrights, renowned live orchestras, local music, and countless art galleries.







explore lodging options



shop manchester’s finest



browse real estate





sample local cuisine



discover art & culture



find local services







outdoor adventure, cocktails, savory meals, and shopping at your fingertips.

we don’t blame you if you never want to go home. browse our designer outlets and locally owned shops.walk our marble sidewalks, and indulge in a cocktail and a wide variety of cuisine.dip into new england history.get to know the people and personalities that make manchester unique.we’re driving distance from new york city and boston, and we’re real nice people.











a manchester, vermont destination wedding
feb 6, 2025manchester, vermont is a highly sought-after location for life’s most meaningful events, offering a romantic, idyllic setting that shines year-round. whether it’s the beauty of the snow-capped...
read more



winter activities in manchester, vermont
jan 9, 2025bundle up! winter has arrived in manchester, bringing with it stunning snow-covered landscapes and chilly nights perfect for cozying up by a fireplace. whether you're in town for outdoor adventure,...
read more



manchester merriment & winter adventure
nov 7, 2024the manchester area is the perfect place to embrace the beauty and enchantment of the upcoming winter months and the festive holiday season. as the inns and hotels begin to “deck the halls” in...
read more





view all blog posts



 

 







become a member



submit an event



about us









blog
in the news
email signup
contact us
getting here















2023 the official website of the manchester business association



 





be in the know
sign up here for our monthly newsletter

















keep in touch
shop  taste   stay   experience







































































