









atos - american theatre organ society






















skip to main content









 
 
 





donate

listen











toggle navigation







news
hear and see
activities
chapters
organization
history
shop
join / renew
board and resources directory
 






 



search










group messaging banner text


group messaging banner text theatre organs2025 convention
register now! 

 

homedon feely 







 new member $35 special





 


news & articles
      


  
 2025 endowment fund application now available 
 december 31 
  
 since its beginning, the endowment fund has awarded over $650,000. recent changes to the endowment trust allow for a larger pool of money for the coming grant cycle. the atos endowment fund assists atos chapters or other not-for-profit organizations engaged in theatre pipe organ programs or projects which will have a lasting impact on the preservation or presentation of the theatre pipe organ as... more 
  

 2024 unconventional convention 2.0 
 december 27 
  
 enjoy five days of theatre organ performances, as atos presents the "unconventional convention 2.0" for the end of 2024. if you missed the theatre organ due to the lack of a convention this year, enjoy these artists performing on some amazing instruments. a new video premiers each day until end of the year! 2024 unconventional convention more 
  

 2024 membership meeting recording 
 december 17 
  
 you may now watch the video recording of the 2024 membership meeting. the pass code for the video is: e7$hjq4v meeting video more 
  
 

see all news

 




search


 






  

atos journal online links 


  

atos archives history preserved 


  

young theatre organists competition 


  

theatre organ radio listen now! 


 




 









quick links



homejoin / renewmarketplace


programsjournalchapters


contactnewsendowment fund






american theatre organ society
© 2024 american theatre organ society, inc. all rights reserved. 7800 laguna vega drive elk grove, california 95758 info [at] atos.org
board and contractor login







