


home - skookum archers club & range

































































×
member log in










forgot password?









+
homeaboutabout usboard of directorswhat is skookum?membershipmembership typesmembership application2025 volunteer hour logarcher developmentintroduction to archery classskookum rangerssummer field archery camprangerange use feesrange safety rulesannual range passeventswinter leagueswet-n-wild 3d fun shoot - march 2, 2025club calendarhistorical tournament resultsshopshopgreat northwest archerymember's areacontact

						member log in
					




facebook-icon











search-icon




















logo_1


























































































aboutabout usboard of directorswhat is skookum?membershipmembership typesmembership application2025 volunteer hour logarcher developmentintroduction to archery classskookum rangerssummer field archery camprangerange use feesrange safety rulesannual range passeventswinter leagueswet-n-wild 3d fun shoot - march 2, 2025club calendarhistorical tournament resultsshopshopgreat northwest archerymember's areacontact


											member log in
										




facebook-icon











search-icon








 







burger-menu


















click here to purchaseread moreour first fun shoot of the year!read moreintroduction to archeryfor anyone who would like to try shooting a bow we have an introduction to archery class held every thursday evening. click for more info.read moreopen to the publicour course is on 38.5 acres and features 4 walk-thru courses and a flat range open to the public dawn to dusk 7 days a week. you must provide your own equipment.read moreskookum rangers is a youth archery club. click to go to the program page for more info.read more




 

 welcome to the skookum archers club and rangeskookum archers is one of the largest and oldest archery clubs in washington state. the club was established in 1951 in what is now puyallup, wa. skookum archers club and range is a 501-c3 non-profit for the purposes of promoting the practice of archery by its members and the public, providing archery events and facilities, and teaching archery education for youth and the general public. donations are always welcome and appreciated. the clubhouse, range, and great northwest archery pro shop are all located at 11209 shaw road east, puyallup, wa.if you have your own equipment our ranges are open to the public from dawn to dusk.  please check our club calendar to make sure we don't have an event that may impact which courses are open.as an all-volunteer club, we do not have the ability to rent equipment.  if you are interested in trying archery, please consider our introduction to archery class on thursday evenings.  it's a 60-minute program that includes instruction and equipment usage.  see below for more information.contact us at skookumarchers@gmail.com. calendar of events
 introduction to archery program for anyone who would like to try shooting a bow, we have an introduction to archery class held every thursday evening. this program is for people who would like to try out archery without having to buy equipment. we have genesis compound bows and recurve bows to try out. we emphasize safety, safety, fun, and safety. the cost is $10.00 which helps to cover the cost of maintaining the equipment and use of the members range.check it out here...skookum archers club and range


© 2025 skookum archers club & range
11209 shaw road east, puyallup, washington 
skookumarchers@gmail.com


website powered by memberleap.






