



















department of economics












skip to main content




main menuutility menusearch



harvard.edu 









44d3fa3df9f06a3117ed3d2ad6c71ecc



 


 
jobsitnewseventsqjeadministration

 






department ofeconomics



aboutmessage from the chairprogramshistorycontactdiversityresourcesreport a concernevents across campusundergraduateadvisingcovid-19 related program changesconcentrating in economicscourses, tutorials and seminarshonors programsenior thesissecondary fieldsummer schoolstudy abroadopportunitiesafter graduationresourcesalumnigraduatephd programprogram requirementsjob placementadmissionsfinancial supportresourcespeoplefacultygraduate studentsstaffresearch appointmentsvisiting facultyresearchinitiativesresourcesfundingfunding processfind research fundingfunding faqssite search



search 





 












economics helps provide answers for some of the world’s most pressing questions, from the future of work to ending global poverty to improving the environment. 


learn more about us


 



job market candidates



programs 







undergraduate


	the large number of professors and their diverse interests enable a student to study virtually any area of economics.  the extraordinary quality of harvard undergraduates makes the classroom environment stimulating for teacher and student alike.


learn more


 




graduate


	supported by a diverse group of faculty who are top researchers in their fields and fueled by a vast array of resources, the phd program is structured to train and nurture students to become leading economists in academia, government agencies, the technology industry, finance and banking, and global policy organizations.


learn more


 


at a glance



			59
		

			facultymembers
		



			19
		

			areas ofstudy
		



			82
		

			undergraduatecourses
		



			953
		

			undergraduateconcentrators
		



			48
		

			graduatecourses
		



			195
		

			graduateconcentrators
		



	the department of economics is part of the larger academe of teaching and research at harvard university.



faculty spotlight


		the harvard economics department is a big tent – big enough to include many kinds of people working in many different fields, from finance to economic history, from behavioral economics to political economy, and so much more.  our students and faculty combine these fields in creative ways that are hard to achieve anywhere else.
	





	john campbell


	morton l. and carole s. olshan professor of economics



news and events







professor breza receives presidential early career award



january 17, 2025
	emily breza, the frederic e. abbe professor of economics at harvard university, was awarded the presidential early career award for scientists and engineers (pecase). this is the highest honor bestowed by the u.s. government on outstanding scientists and engineers early in their careers.


	breza’s research focuses on financial markets, labor markets, and social networks. her research studies the way social networks shape financial, labor and information markets; aiming to identify how best to use network analyses to spread economic information, hence speed up economic growth and... read more  about professor breza receives presidential early career award 





professor rebecca diamond named first feldstein chair of the department



december 16, 2024
	the economics department is delighted to announce that martin feldstein’s legacy is being honored with a professorship in his name that was made possible by the generous support of his students, colleagues and friends. marty was a central figure at harvard and in the economics field as a whole from 1967 to his death in 2019. he carried out pioneering research in public, health and macroeconomics. he introduced generations of students to our field by teaching “ec 10” for decades, and guided them towards sophisticated policy analysis in “american economic policy” (economics 1450). marty... read more  about professor rebecca diamond named first feldstein chair of the department 





professor glaeser awarded university of bern honorary doctorate



december 6, 2024
	for his pioneering work in economics, professor ed glaeser was awarded the university of bern honorary doctorate of the faculty of business, economics and social sciences during the university’s 190th foundation ceremony in december.


	the focus of the ceremony was on the role of science and its societal importance. glaeser, the fred and eleanor glimp professor of economics at harvard university, was awarded for his pioneering research in the fields of the urban, regional and political economy, and particularly for his work studying cities as drivers of growth and innovation.... read more  about professor glaeser awarded university of bern honorary doctorate 

see all news
 


2025
feb
18




econ 3006: graduate student workshop in macroeconomics



 12:00pm to 1:15pm location: littauer 301, hansen-mason room
	jonas overhage "consumption dynamics under information frictions" (stockholm university institute for international economic studies)


	juan llavador peralt "skewed firm dynamics" (stockholm university institute for international economic studies)


workshop websitecontact: nicole ojugbana / nojugbana@fas.harvard.edu... read more  about econ 3006: graduate student workshop in macroeconomics 




2025
feb
18




econ 3005: graduate student workshop in economic development



 12:00pm to 1:15pm location: hks, democracy lab, r-414ab
	nikhil kumar (harvard university)


	gabriella fleischman (harvard university)... read more  about econ 3005: graduate student workshop in economic development 




2025
feb
18




econ 3012 graduate student workshop in labor economics and public economics



 1:30pm to 2:45pm location: littauer 301, hansen-mason room
	sachet bangia (harvard university)emanuel schertz (harvard university)... read more  about econ 3012 graduate student workshop in labor economics and public economics 


see all events
 






fields of study






theory


	the study of the application of using hypothetical quantitative economic models.


learn more







political economy


	the study of production and trade and their relations with law, custom and government; and with the distribution of national income and wealth.


learn more


 




econometrics


	the study of developing and using statistical and mathematical tools to analyze economic issues and policyquestions.


learn more







macroeconomics


	the study of the national economy and the determinants of national production, unemployment, and inflation.


learn more


 




economic history


	the study of how economies and economic outcomes have changed over history and how economic institutions have developed. 


learn more







international economics


	the study of the effects upon economic activity from international differences in productive resources and consumer preferences and the international institutions that affect them. 


learn more


 



fields of study






behavioral economics


	the study of the cognitive and emotional dimensions of economic decisions.


learn more







industrial organization


	the study of individual markets and the nature of competition. topics include anti-trust policy, the role of advertising, and how costs vary with the scale of operations. this field also studies particular industries such as software and technology firms, sports, and tourism.


learn more


 




economic development


	the study of why some countries have developed while others have not, with special focus on the world’s less developed countries. how might the industrialized countries improve prospects for development around the world?


learn more







labor economics


	the study of employers’ decisions to hire workers and employees’ decisions to work. this involves determinants of wages, the incentives workers face, and the role of minimum wage laws, unions, pensions, and training programs. 


learn more


 




financial economics


	the study of how to value and determine the price of assets with uncertain returns their derivatives and the markets that trade them; the study of how firms finance their operations and the capital structure of firms.


learn more







public economics


	the study of the role of government in the economy including how to evaluate government programs, the design of tax systems, and how the political process makes decisions.


learn more


 





 


















littauer center1805 cambridge street cambridge, ma 02138phone (617) 495-2144 economics@harvard.edu


	twitter: @harvardecon


 

about


message from the chairprogramshistoryharvard economics alumnicontact


diversity


news


events


qje (quarterly journal of economics)


 



undergraduate


advisingconcentrating in economicscourses, tutorials and seminarshonors programsenior thesissecondary fieldsummer schoolstudy abroadopportunitiesafter graduationresources


graduate


admissionsprogram requirementsplacementjob market candidates


 

people


facultygraduate studentsstaffresearch appointmentsvisiting scholars


research


initiativesresources


funding


funding processfind research fundingfunding faqs


 


 

c2ba7e656b6b446d3e37bbb6c4c05d8a

 




2e8e3beb2582e7d547ff39fdb9c020b1


 


 


admin login 







copyright © 2025 the president and fellows of harvard college  | accessibility | digital accessibility | report copyright infringement 















