

chocolate persians kittens l lilac chocolate persian cats l chocolate and lilac kittens




























contact 
          us - add 
          your cattery - book 
          mark - share 
          this site 












 



cat 
                      breeders 


                      breeder listings by cat breed

kitten 
                      listings 


                      persian, himalayan, ragdoll & more


chocolate 
                      cats main

photo 
                      display
                      chocolate & lilac cats, kittens, new born, be featured 
                      & more 

cat 
                      resource 
                      chocolate cat genetic articles, cute chocolate cat names, 
                      breeder spotlight

grand 
                      parade 
                      chocolate & lilac cats, show photos, grch, ch, achievements, 
                      awards & more



chocolate and lilac cat network





 
sharing 
                          chocolate
                          & lilac cats and kittens worldwide!

 
                          these colors? click "like" to share the love!!





                          cat visitors worldwide!














 
kittens 
                        & cats 


cat gifts for sale





animal t-shirts
                            gifts for sale







 

































chocolate & lilac kittens


                            chocolate & lilac 
                            persian kittens, cat lovers, chocoholics, chocolate 
                            persian breeders & other cat breeds to a unique 
                            source for those with a fancy for cats in the chocolate 
                            rainbow and all their variations.
if you are looking for chocolate persian kittens, 
                            lilac point himalayan kittens, exotic chocolate, chocolate 
                            munchkins, lilac siamese or lilac ragdoll kittens 
                            and cats you've come to the right place!

browse our site for your next family companion cat 
                            or kitten pet, breeder or show quality in the chocolate 
                            lilac color spectrum at chocolatecats.com. you will 
                            find these sweet colors in cat breeds such as himalayans, 
                            ragdolls, exotic shorthairs, munchkins, siamese, himalayans 
                            or persian kittens under cats for sale in the kitten 
                            listings and cat breeder listings will be a great 
                            place to do your search. 






 
                                  cat photo spotlight 
                                  

click the cat photos for more 
                                  info 




 
                                












    




    










                            add your photo here! 
  
 
                          chocolate & lilac cat breeds - chocolate 
                          cat fanciers has been helping cat lovers around the 
                          world with a passion for chocolate and lilac find cat 
                          breeders working with these special colors since 1996. 
                          chocolate cats is one of the earliest online cat sites 
                          of this type. the original breeders listing consisted 
                          of catteries with chocolate and lilac persians, then 
                          shortly after expanded to represent all other cat breeds 
                          that also produce these more rare colors. currently 
                          there are fifteen cat breeds. topping the list are persians 
                          and exotics as having the widest color variety with 
                          twenty six chocolate rainbow of colors to choose from.


chocolate 
                          & lilac cat breeders - since chocolate and 
                          lilac cats are not as widely available as your more 
                          common cat colors, trying to locate a cattery can be 
                          quite frustrating and difficult. hours of endless searches 
                          through cat directories and visiting numerous cattery 
                          web sites with the offchance of finding any of these 
                          colors. at chocolatecats.com we make it easy for you, 
                          helping you save time and simplify your search for pet, 
                          breed and show cats and kittens. our unique chocolate 
                          directory organizes cattery listings by cat breed providing 
                          quick access to cattery websites worldwide. chocolate 
                          persians favicon bookmark 
                          us!




featured cat photo -
 chocolate 
                          & lilac persian kittens



grand 
                          champion gallery



lilac 
                          kitten photo gallery


chocolate 
                          kittens photo gallery





 










site updates


k



quick 
                  peak inside chocolate cat fanciers 
                  ...... to help in your search for a chocolate 
                  or lilac pet, breed or show kitties, you'll find a various breed 
                  listings with those working with these rare colors from around 
                  the world. 

                  you'll also find a section with chocolate cat articles, cat 
                  color guides, cat photos of rare chocolate cats, kitten photo 
                  gallery, grand gallery with photos of chocolate and lilac grand 
                  champions around the world, chocolate color charts and more.

                  if you're looking to add a new addition to your family, the 
                  kitten listings will be a wonderful place to look for chocolate 
                  or lilac kittens. 

                  if you're having trouble thinking of a name for your new chocolate 
                  or lilac kitten, you're sure to find something cute in the cat 
                  names section. 

                  if you're surfing the net for unique cat 
                  lovers gifts, a great place to pamper your kitty and yourself 
                  at the pets mini mall under the cats section for a chock full 
                  of cat toys, cat food, cat scratching furniture, cat climbing 
                  trees, cat t-shirts, cat mugs, mousepads, cat clocks, calendars, 
                  magnets, buttons, and many other cool gifts to choose from. 
                






*new 
                      listings! renewals! updates*

tykaz
mercedes
jaemak
okckittkatts
mercedes

 dunn 
                      kittens
pinkatz
ventian 
                      mask
burton's

dunn 
                      kittens
angelgirl
kittytales
chocolate 
                      diamonds













did you know not 
                  all cats can be found in the chocolate variety. you will find 
                  a cattery listing here of breeders from the cat breeds below 
                  in bold text.

cat breeds: abyssinians, american bobtails, american 
                  curls, american shorthairs, american wirehairs, balinese, 
                  birmans, bombays, british shorthairs, burmese, 
                  chantily tiffany, chartreux, colorpoint shorthairs, cornish 
                  rex, devon rex, egyptian maus, euroean burmese, exotics, 
                  havana brown, himalayans, japanese bobtails, javanese, 
                  korats, laperms, maine coons, manx, munchkins, napoleons, 
                  norwegian forest, ocicats, oriental, persians, 
                  ragamuffins, ragdolls, russian blues, russian peterbalds, 
                  scottish folds, selkirk rex, siamese, siberians, 
                  singapuras, somali, sphynx, tonkinese, turkish angoras, turkish 
                  vans 







 chocolate persian - chocolate 
                        himalayan colors


persians 
                        are the most popular breed and come in the widest variety 
                        of colors! there are a total of 95 
                        rainbow of colors to choose from, 26 of which are 
                        chocolate and lilac.

chocolate persian colors - solid chocolate, 
                        chocolate tortoiseshell, chocolate point, chocolate tortie 
                        point, chocolate lynx point, chocolate tortie lynx point, 
                        chocolate and white bicolor, chocolate calico, chocolate 
                        calico smoke, shell chocolate calico, shaded chocolate 
                        calico, chocolate tabby, chocolate patched tabby.

lilac persian colors - solid lilac, lilac 
                        tortoiseshell, lilac point, lilac cream point, lilac lynx 
                        point, lilac cream lynx point, lilac and white bicolor, 
                        lilac calico, lilac calico smoke, shell lilac calico, 
                        shaded lilac calico, lilac tabby, and lilac patched tabby.











search for chocolate lilac kittens for sale

              search for chocolate and lilac cat breeders, cattery, with pet breed 
              show quality kittens











              search for chocolate breeders located around the world. we accept 
              listings from breeders located in - alabama, alaska, arizona, arkansas, 
              california, colorado, connecticut, district of columbia, delaware, 
              florida, georgia, hawaii, idaho, illinois, indiana, iowa, kansas, 
              kentucky, louisiana, maine, maryland, massachusetts, michigan, minnesota, 
              mississippi missouri, montana, nebraska, nevada, new hampshire, 
              new jersey, new mexico, new york, north carolina, north dakota, 
              ohio, oklahoma, oregon, pennsylvania, rhode island, south carolina, 
              south dakota, tennessee, texas, utah, vermont, virginia, washington, 
              west virginia, wisconsin, wyoming, denmark, finland, france, germany, 
              iceland, israel, italy, netherlands, poland, portugal, russia, spain,sweden, 
              switzerland, united kingdom, united states, north america, south 
              american, europe, southeast asia, japan, australia, and new 
              zealand







              all photos protected by copyright laws












 

















© 1997-2025 chocolate 
            cats & kittens - terms 
            of use







