










guy davis, bluesman - american blues, blues musician
























































 




bio
tour
music
children’s programming
press
contact
store
links
 


 




home




latest release! 
the legend of sugarbelly

august 2024

order yours now!
 
following hot on the heels of guy’s composing the music for the tony award nominated broadway play, purlie victorious, comes guy’s new album, the legend of sugarbelly. while not a soundtrack to guy’s play that’s in development, sugarbelly and other tales my father told me, it does contain some songs from the show. it also includes the song, “early in the morning,” which has been an audience favorite at guy’s shows lately.
guy was honored to contribute to the incidental soundtrack to the broadway revival of the play, purlie victorious, written by his father, the late ossie davis. the show earned 6 tony nominations, including best revival of a play, and ran from september 2023 to february 2024. read more about it here.
congratulations to guy for his second grammy nomination in a row!


 
 
 
 
 
 
in honor of the victims of the 1921 tulsa race massacre
 

 
 

 

at the end of his concert, guy davis stood up and swung his arms in an arc over his audience, filleting his fingers like imaginary butterflies, and explaining that pete seeger’s greatest gift was not in his singing or his songwriting but in his ability to turn an audience of strangers into close friends by getting them to sing along. davis had just accomplished the same thing.  for the encore, his trio performed pete seeger’s version of “turn, turn, turn” with the audience singing along to every word.  the whole show was transcendent.  guy was accompanied by professor louie on keyboards, and accordion and christopher james on guitar and mandolin, both of whom have a history of recording and performing with him.  in simplest terms the show was like the film o’ brother where art thou come to life.   ~  don wilcock, nippertown.com, february 2019



“guy davis. he’s out of new york, and he’s america’s greatest link to the blues right now.” ~ windsor star, ontario, canada. july 31, 2015.

guy had a great time appearing on this informative pbs talk show, “open mind”.


and check out this review and feature article from no depression

guy davis/kokomo kidd:  with the acting chops this cat has running through his veins is it any wonder he can sell anything and make it look easy?  a modern, down home acoustic blues set as inspired by his parents as it is pete seeger as it is the storytelling tradition, this is a sucker sunday punch that’ll have you on your back before you know what hit you.  and you won’t even know you were hit.  with professor louie and various members of the crowmatix providing the architecture in the background, this is a great reminder that there’s more to contemporary woodstock music than the ghost of the arkansas kid.  this has got to be the best back porch record of this year.  killer stuff.

chris spector
midwest record
lake zurich, il

 
 

 

 upcoming shows



		04/04/25			

guy davis
in
marblehead, ma

at
me and thee music



		04/05/25			

guy davis
in
willington, ct

at
the packing house



		04/11/25			

guy davis
in
new london, ct

at
friday night folk



		04/12/25			

guy davis
in
brunswick, me

at
uu church



		05/01/25			

guy davis
in
odense

at
musikhuset dexter
buy tickets


see more on the tour page

 email list sign up follow me! 
 
 

 
 








