






scripts.com





























login 

the stands4 network

abbreviations.com
anagrams.net
biographies.net
calculators.net
convert.net
definitions.net
grammar.com
literature.com
lyrics.com
phrases.com
poetry.com
quotes.net
references.net
rhymes.com
scripts.com
symbols.com
synonyms.com
uszip.com

 





by titlein scriptsby writer 



#abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz  random new scripts
 











by title
in scripts
by writer



 






welcome to scripts.com!



scripts.com is a huge collection of movie scripts, screenplays and transcripts from famous and not-so-famous screen writers from around the world — collaboratively published by amateur script writers and contributing editors.


navigate through our scripts database alphabetically or simply search by keywords. you can submit a new script, discuss and rate existing scripts, and even translate pieces to many common and not-so-common languages.

add a new script

















lincoln


synopsis: lincoln is a 2012 american epic historical drama film directed by steven spielberg, starring daniel day-lewis as united states president abraham lincoln and sally field as mary todd lincoln. the screenplay by tony kushner was loosely based on doris kearns goodwin's biography team of rivals: the political genius of abraham lincoln, and covers the final four months of lincoln's life, focusing on the president's efforts in january 1865 to have the thirteenth amendment to the united states constitution passed by the united states house of representatives.    							
genre: biography, drama, history

  lincoln movie quotes »


 collection  
        							 edit  
        							 watch  
        							 pdf 
        							 buy 
        							 
            					


year:
2012

863,784 views












next »


ext. battlefield, jenkins' ferry, arkansas - dayheavy grey skies hang over a flooded field, the water twofeet deep. cannons and carts, half-submerged and tilted,their wheels trapped in the mud below the surface, are stillyoked to dead and dying horses and oxen.a terrible battle is taking place; two infantry companies,negro union soldiers and white confederate soldiers, knee-deep in the water, staggering because of the mud beneath,fight each other hand-to-hand, with rifles, bayonets,pistols, knives and fists. there's no discipline or strategy,nothing depersonalized: it's mayhem and each side intensely
rate this script:2.9 / 8 votes 

next »







tony kushner

        							        							anthony robert "tony" kushner (born july 16, 1956) is an american playwright and screenwriter. he received the pulitzer prize for drama in 1993 for his play angels in america: a gay fantasia on national themes. he co-authored with eric roth the screenplay for the 2005 film munich, and he wrote the screenplay for the 2012 film lincoln, both critically acclaimed movies. for his work, he received a national medal of arts from president barack obama in 2013. more…

all tony kushner scripts | tony kushner books


 follow
0 fans



submitted by acronimous





discuss everything about scripts.com with the community:









https://www.scripts.com



newest
oldest
popular


37 comments





















0:00
0:00
 clear






 notify me of new comments via email.




publish








benjamindianahello, this isn't an accusation or anything, but i was sent an email that my script was sold. but no one has contacted me about the sale, confirmed the sale with me or sent me an error message concerning the email.what should i do? more »likereply 15 months agocourtneyescripts.com has been an invaluable resource for my writing projects. the extensive library of screenplays and scripts offers endless inspiration, and the user-friendly interface makes it easy to find exactly what i'm looking for. whether you're a seasoned screenwriter or just starting out, scripts.com is a must-have tool in your creative arsenal. highly recommended! more »likereply 27 months agofamily_phi i'm interested trying to list one of my scripts for sale and my payment isn't working to list my script.likereply1 year agoacronimousplease reach out to me directly and i'll try to help you with it...likereply7 months agojacobe.90590scripts are a great way of writing dissertation with professional writers' help. that is why we should use them.likereply 11 year agonikki_ado you have musical scripts?likereply2 years agoacronimousplenty! check them out here: https://www.scripts.com/genre/musicallikereply 17 months agoasliddinhow can i sell my script on your site?likereply 22 years agorinatplease check out our marketplacehttps://www.scripts.com/marketplacelikereply 32 years agobenjamindianahow do i get my script to appear on my biography page?the thing said something about a citation, but i cannot figure out how to enter it.likereply2 years agoacronimoushi benjamin, your script is listed on the marketplace -- and can be found here: https://www.scripts.com/script-for-sale/vase_el_rey_257we currently don't display scripts listed for sale on the profile page. more »likereply2 years agobenjamindianahow would someone searching for a script find one? is there a seperate site for buying them?likereply2 years agoacronimousall the scripts listed for sale can be found on our marketplace here: https://www.scripts.com/marketplacelikereply2 years agopamelar.99775i am looking for ghosthouse's scripts...thanks...it's a horror film from 1987...likereply 52 years agostella.09173good day to everyone! how can i buy specific screenplays? i see only a part of them and when i chose it (click ... as a pdf) it leads me to amazon. but i find nothing but blue rays... can someone held me? more »likereply 13 years agoalih.85841i have a question i am new here and kind of 13 years old but i don't know where to start writing my script.likereply 43 years agoemilyadinwiddiebest thing to do is to write it as a story, then read the scriptwriter's bible to learn how to format it. that's what i did, and it's not failed me yet! good luck. xxlikereply 73 years agoano_nyeslikereply7 months agostela_ahello, i just found the site and i’m amazed. i love cinema and i started looking for scripts and found this site. thank you so much for creating this, you are amazing.likereply 93 years agorinatthanks stela! truly appreciate your positive feedback.likereply 53 years agobrianshaunhow can i sell my sriptlikereply 73 years agorinatplease see at: https://www.scripts.com/sell-your-scriptlikereply 73 years agochak_cnice, there are scripts from george carlinlikereply 44 years agohacked by mrcyaberjgan hacklikereply 14 years agomichael brooksgive me nbc on dish, or i quitlikereply 104 years agocharles albert quisti want to write a  movie but i don't have much scriptlikereply 54 years agoemilyadinwiddieyou could always make it a short film, under 30 min.likereply 13 years agosaagar prasainhlw sir,i wants to upload or sell my script is this is a good websites for this kinda workwaiting for your response.thank youlikereply 45 years agostands4hi saagar, you are more than welcome to list your scripts on our marketplace here: https://www.scripts.com/marketplacelikereply 75 years agohimanshu mahendruvery nice\likereply 55 years agostands4thanks himanshu!likereply 45 years agosrinanda h rhey i want to add a script for k.g.f: chapter 1 (2018) but it is not accepting it in kannada language. please help.likereply 85 years agostands4hi peter, please contact us through here and we'll try to help:https://www.scripts.com/contact.phplikereply 85 years agonelco lamech sethhey.....if i were to rate i would give this site 100%.....i was almost giving up on my scripting talent till i met this lovely site.please sign melikereply 55 years agostands4thanks nelco! truly appreciate your positive feedback...likereply 45 years agoedna joyce reginalda rate is out of 10 not a %.likereply 45 years agomd. tanvir alamall of your scripts are awesome, top of the line, but one thing makes all of them completely worthless, and that is, none of the dialouges have speaker's name.likereply 65 years agostands4hi muhammad, thanks for your feedback! some of the scripts on scripts.com indeed only contain the transcript, without the speaker's name. having said that, lots of other do include the entire script, which includes the speaker's name.we'll continue adding more full scripts going forward. more »likereply 45 years agokirk travis millara?????/?likereply 65 years agodimpi guptamcent browser ka tricklikereply 76 years agochristie patie patie?????????????likereply 36 years agoruby ibra:tlikereply 26 years agokathy delgadot-tlikereply 16 years agostands4anything we can do to help?likereply 26 years agomaureen friendstands4 can you please help me regarding an inquiry i have?  i need to get permission or pay to use “the emperor’s new groove” transcript  in a hs speech tournament.likereply 15 years agobinibining kye??????????????????????likereply 15 years agolorraine bryanta tinausezlikereply 16 years agoم. رعد احمد زايدcreatelikereply 16 years agomarion towerssicilian sisters: women in la famiglia, fast paced saga covers generations of sicilians that emigated to ny. to survive thre streets, they swore loyalty to each other and continued their mafia ways and put family before anything else to survive. the sicilian women stayed quiet in the background but planned control of all aspects. it was an inheritance they pledged to their spanish pirate ancestors (secrecy) and connections. more »likereply 17 years agoharendra dhakreyas i am joinlikereply 17 years agoitsuki chanhow join?likereply 27 years agostands4here: http://www.scripts.com/signup.phplikereply 27 years agotapelo joegreat movielikereply 17 years agoaman kumarrambrit is going to patnalikereply 17 years agomigdalia torresawesome movie!likereply 17 years agosristi sharmadffd and mom have to schoollikereply 17 years agomarilda harbinfalselikereply 18 years agostands4?likereply 18 years agofrancis faberreally admire 'sly'. reallyliked his movie relative to mountaineering!likereply 18 years agoload 10 more comments






×close
report comment


we're doing our best to make sure our content is useful, accurate and safe.if by any chance you spot an inappropriate comment while navigating through our website please use this form to let us know, and we'll take care of it shortly.






cancel
report








×close
attachment






close









×
you need to be logged in to favorite.




 

 




or fill the form below



create a new account











your name:*required







your email address:*required







pick a user name:*required






join






log in







username:*required





password:*required





log in

forgot your password?   retrieve it









 


translation
translate and read this script in other languages:



select another language:

- select - 简体中文 (chinese - simplified) 繁體中文 (chinese - traditional) español (spanish) esperanto (esperanto) 日本語 (japanese) português (portuguese) deutsch (german) العربية (arabic) français (french) русский (russian) ಕನ್ನಡ (kannada) 한국어 (korean) עברית (hebrew) gaeilge (irish) українська (ukrainian) اردو (urdu) magyar (hungarian) मानक हिन्दी (hindi) indonesia (indonesian) italiano (italian) தமிழ் (tamil) türkçe (turkish) తెలుగు (telugu) ภาษาไทย (thai) tiếng việt (vietnamese) čeština (czech) polski (polish) bahasa indonesia (indonesian) românește (romanian) nederlands (dutch) ελληνικά (greek) latinum (latin) svenska (swedish) dansk (danish) suomi (finnish) فارسی (persian) ייִדיש (yiddish) հայերեն (armenian) norsk (norwegian) english (english)






citation
use the citation below to add this script to your bibliography:



style:mlachicagoapa
"scripts.com" scripts.com. stands4 llc, 2025. web. 18 feb. 2025. <https://www.scripts.com/>.


powered by cite.me

 






we need you!
help us build the largest writers community and scripts collection on the web!



signup












close



 





the web's largest resource for
movie & play scripts
 a member of the stands4 network





watch the movie trailer
lincoln









our favorite collection of
movie scripts

»

puss in bootsthe ultimate giftspirited awayblackadder's christmas carolspider-man 2braveshrek 2prisonerspuss in boots: the three diabloscrimson peak




fresh
our latest scripts

»


ma famille d'abord season #2 episode #3
by don reo
malcolm season #6 episode #5
by linwood boomer
bathtub talk
by j. a. proctor
malcolm season #5 episode #21
by linwood boomer
one piece episode #1123
by oda
the strange forest season #not yet
by jeremiah kiiru
the quantum enigma season #not yet
by jeremiah kiiru


submit a new script







the marketplace:
sell your script !



			get listed in the most prominent screenplays collection on the web!
		
sell your screenplay »










browse scripts.com



#abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz  random new scripts 





the studio:
screenwriting tool


write your screenplay and focus on the story with many helpful features.
start writing now »






quiz
are you a screenwriting master?

»

what is the purpose of "action lines" in a screenplay?


a
to outline the character arcs


b
to list the plot points


c
to provide character dialogue


d
to describe the setting, actions, and characters




































your adhere!




your adhere!















company

home
about
news
press
awards
testimonials



editorial

login
add a new script
become a member
meet the members
how to write a script?
recently added
activity log
most popular







services

tools
your collection
tell a friend
bookmark us
help me out!
scripts api
sell your script
marketplace 
screenwriting tool



legal & contact

terms of use
privacy policy
contact us
advertise
affiliate program	





the stands4 network

abbreviations
anagrams
biographies
calculators
conversions
definitions
grammar
literature
lyrics
phrases
poetry
quotes
references
rhymes
scripts
symbols
synonyms
zip codes


© 2001-2025 stands4 llc.all rights reserved.






















