




david baron

















david baron
dbaron@dbaron.org


	i currently work for google on the
	blink
	rendering engine used to display content in
	google chrome and other browsers.
	from 1998 to 2020 i was
	involved in the
	mozilla project
	(much of the time as an employee) working
	on the code used to display web pages in various mozilla products,
	including firefox.
	i'm also quite interested in web standards, and i'm on the
	w3c's
	css working group.
	i graduated from harvard in
	computer
	science after the fall 2002 semester (i.e., march 2003),
	although i started off as a physics major and took a
	bunch of economics
	classes along the way.



	i have a web log which
	i update occasionally, and i post some photos online (and
	i've been
	


geotagging them),
	i post photos of
	people separately,
	i say brief things on
	twitter and mastodon,
        and a significant portion of the code i write is visible
	on github.  i'm also
	on linkedin
	and
	on google scholar.



	i also have a bunch of collected information on various web-related
	topics.  the biggest collection is on the topic i know the most
	about, so i have many things i've written about
	css including tests and the results of those tests (although the
	tests have gotten a little out of date).  i also have a good bit of
	stuff related to my work on mozilla.  i also
	have some miscellaneous www-related stuff, a few
	things related to the dom including some tests.




	i've collected lots of bookmarks over the years, and for a while i
	was storing them on the web, although i haven't updated them for a
	number of years.  the general links are
	probably the least interesting to most people.  i used to be very
	interested in the weather (although i've been less interested since
	the late 90's), and i made an effort to collect lots of
	weather-related links, so my weather and climate
	links may be more interesting.  within that, i put the most
	effort into making my page on weather satellite
	images useful for other people, but my pages on tropical weather and on local weather in
	philadelphia, boston, and the san
	francisco bay area may also be useful.
	(most of these pages haven't been touched since 2002 or so, though.)



	if you're interested, you can read a bit more about
	me and you can read my views on various
	issues.  you can also see the homepage to which i
	point my browsers.


dbaron@dbaron.org
(copyright, etc.)


