     chevrolet dealer in birmingham, al | used cars birmingham | serra chevrolet                              


 

                                      

                  serra chevrolet             sales 205-438-7280    service 205-438-7280         1170 center point pkwybirmingham, al 35215                                          service        map        contact                         serra chevrolet                  call 205-438-7280   directions                 home   new   search inventory   buy online   virtual showroom   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   my chevrolet rewards   2024 chevrolet blazer ev   2024 chevrolet equinox ev   2024 chevrolet silverado ev     used   search inventory   shop carbravo   budget buys   vehicles under 15k   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car     carbravo   specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   current specials   chevrolet special offers     service   service department   schedule service   order parts   new tires   collision center   service & parts financing   battery service   brake service   oil change   collision & body shop   tire finder     finance   finance department   payment calculator   whats my buying power?   fresh start credit program   shopping tools   get pre-qualified with capital one (no impact to your credit score)   chevrolet protection     owners   owners   onstar   gm rewards     about   about   welcome to serra chevrolet   serra promise   join our team   career technician     contact   dealer information   hours & directions                      home   new   search inventory   buy online   virtual showroom   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   my chevrolet rewards   2024 chevrolet blazer ev   2024 chevrolet equinox ev   2024 chevrolet silverado ev     used   search inventory   shop carbravo   budget buys   vehicles under 15k   schedule test drive   quick quote   trade appraisal   find my car     carbravo   specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   current specials   chevrolet special offers     service   service department   schedule service   order parts   new tires   collision center   service & parts financing   battery service   brake service   oil change   collision & body shop   tire finder     finance   finance department   payment calculator   whats my buying power?   fresh start credit program   shopping tools   get pre-qualified with capital one (no impact to your credit score)   chevrolet protection     owners   owners   onstar   gm rewards     about   about   welcome to serra chevrolet   serra promise   join our team   career technician     contact   dealer information   hours & directions               




               important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                                                                              

 search new
 search used
 schedule service
 shopping tools




 search new



 search used



 schedule service



 shopping tools











   514 vehicles available    filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced      new pre-owned certified    any year  any make  any model search     new pre-owned certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new pre-owned      search       



      search new inventory     search used inventory                        

 welcome to  serra chevrolet
serra chevrolet is located just a few minutes away from i-59 at 1170 centerpoint parkway. for 17 years, our dealership has been providing exceptional customer service and once you meet our staff, you'll see how true that statement is and join other shoppers who have experienced an amazing visit. our physical dealership is open six days a week to serve birmingham and tuscaloosa chevrolet customers. 
more about us

            
                                          buy your next car from serra chevrolet in birmingham



if you're ready to take a spin around birmingham, alabama, in a world-class chevrolet car, truck, or suv, the dedicated staff at serra chevrolet is ready to help you. our family has proudly served area car buyers since 1981, and we would be honored to provide you with the top-notch service that so many of our friends and neighbors have enjoyed over the years.
whether you're looking for a new or used car, we have a vehicle in stock that will fit you like a glove. visit us to find your next chevy, and we guarantee you'll have a more enjoyable dealership experience than you've ever dreamed possible.
you'll always get the best deal
drop by our lot, and you'll be blown away by the huge selection of new and used automobiles that we offer. we are your go-to destination for the latest, greatest chevrolet models on the market, and we are excited to offer our customers outstanding vehicles such as the silverado, blazer, camaro, colorado, corvette, equinox, tahoe, trax, and traverse.
at our dealership, the customer always comes first, especially when it comes to cost. we want to be certain you get the best price available for your car, which is why we offer a best-deal promise for your vehicle. if you find the same car with the same benefits at a lower price, we'll pay you the difference.
we also understand that purchasing a car is a huge investment, and we never want you to experience buyer's remorse when you shop with us. thanks to our 72-hour exchange policy, you can bring back your automobile for a no-hassle exchange if you're not completely satisfied.


helping you with trade-ins
if you want to trade in your current vehicle to help you buy your next chevrolet, shopping with us is a great decision thanks to our no-hassle trade promise. we also need trades, and we will buy your old car regardless of its make, model, and year.
while we'll be honored if you purchase your next car from us, we'll buy your trade-in whether you purchase a vehicle or not, meaning you can leave our lot with cash in hand. best of all, our in-writing offer is good for seven days, giving you time to make your decision.
unbeatable service
we know you want your car to always run well, and to help you with this goal, we offer one of alabama's finest service staffs. our technicians are the best in the business thanks to factory certification, meaning you can rest easy that your car is in the hands of skilled professionals. we offer oil changes and vehicle inspections that are free if they're not completed in an hour, and we promise to fix your vehicle the right way every time.
find your chevrolet
serra chevrolet is the leading dealership in birmingham, alabama, for shoppers who are looking for a high-quality vehicle and service. our team is passionate about service and is standing by to help you find the new or used chevrolet of your dreams. stop by our dealership today.

                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | serra chevrolet | 1170 center point pkwy, birmingham, al 35215 | sales: 205-438-7280              


















                    