


alone in the wilderness, dvd and vhs available, the story of dick proenneke











 



 








 
the story of dick proenneke, presented 
                  by bob swerer productions









home
 
more about dick proenneke
 
about bob swerer productions 
 
view shopping cart










dick proenneke videos:


 
alone in the wilderness
 
alone in the wilderness ii
 
silence & solitude
 
the frozen north 









nature videos:
 
alaska off the beaten path 
 
ghost of the forest 
 
arctic dance









music cds: 
 
you don't know me









hat:
 
alone in the wilderness hat









new book! click here to preview:
 
coffee table dick proenneke photo album








 










order online
                                    or call toll free
									1-(800)-737-0239
                                    dvd $23.95 






alaska 
                                    silence & solitude,
                                    the follow up to
                                    "alone in the wilderness", 
                                    a visit with dick 20 years later.
( 
                                    click here ) 





   "thousands have 
                                  had such dreams,
                                  but dick proenneke lived them.
                                  he found a place, built a cabin, and
                                  stayed to become part of the country."






companion book 
                                    "one man's wilderness" $16.95  


 









 








 


alone in the wilderness on dvd


click here to view a clip from "alone in the wilderness"


dick proenneke retired at age 50 
                              in 1967 and decided to build his own cabin on 
                              the shore of twin lakes. the first summer he scouted 
                              for the best cabin site, and cut and peeled the 
                              logs he would need for his cabin. dick proenneke 
                              returned the next summer to finish the cabin where 
                              he lived for over 30 years. dick filmed his adventures, 
                              and bob swerer later turned the film into a video 
                              so we can all watch this amazing man build his 
                              cabin by hand. 








 
dvd price: $23.95



60 minutes


copyright 2003 by bob swerer productions


 











 


alone in the wilderness part ii on dvd (new release)


click here to view a clip from "alone in the wilderness part ii"


dick proenneke's simple, yet profound account of his 30 year adventure in the remote alaska wilderness continues in this sequel to "alone in the wilderness". watch through his eyes as he continues to document with his 16mm wind-up bolex camera, capturing his own amazing craftsmanship, the stunning alaskan wildlife and scenery and even a visit from his brother ray (jake). his epic journey takes you on a vacation away from the hustle and bustle of today's fast-paced society, and is a true breath of fresh air.











                       dvd price: $23.95


60 minutes


copyright 2011 by bob swerer productions













 



alaska silence & solitude 
                                on dvd


click here to view a clip from "alaska silence & solitude"


alaska silence & solitude is 
                                the follow up to alone in the wilderness, filmed 
                                20 years later. bob swerer and bob swerer sr. 
                                visit dick proenneke at his famous cabin on twin 
                                lakes where the wildlife is still abundant and 
                                the scenery is spectacular.








 
dvd price: $23.95



60 minutes


copyright 2004 by bob swerer productions

 
 


 








 


the frozen north  on dvd


click here to view a clip from "the frozen north"


for more than 30 years a man by the name of dick proenneke lived alone in the alaskan bush. his only neighbors were the wolves and grizzly bears and his only transportation was his canoe and a good set of legs. through the years, dick kept written journals of daily life at twin lakes but would also document much of his adventure on film with his 16 mms bolex camera. the frozen north is dick's own filmed account of his life alone in this "one man's wilderness", produced from original footage not included in "alone in the wilderness" or "alaska silence & solitude". 








 
dvd price: $23.95



60 minutes


copyright 2006 by bob swerer productions


 












 



coffee table dick proenneke photo album


a coffee table must for any devoted fan of dick proenneke.                                             bob swerer productions presents “alone in the wilderness"                                   the dick proenneke photo album.  144 pages of spectacular                                                       photographs that showcase the adventurous life of dick proenneke                             living alone in a remote alaskan wilderness known as twin lakes.                            stunning photographs, scenery, wildlife and cabin building from                                 dick proenneke's extensive personnel collection, many that have                                   never been seen or published before, as well as many images shared                                 by family and friends.                                                                                                                               a great addition to the collection of the popular  “alone in the                                     wilderness” documentary series as seen on pbs.


new! click here to view and order the photo album


price: $49.00


144 pages, hardcover


copyright 2018 bob swerer productions

 

 









alone in the wilderness hat


click here to see a closeup of the hat


hat price: $23.95


copyright 2016 by bob swerer productions


 


 





 




dick proenneke packages  


 





our alone dvd and book package includes: 
• alone in the wilderness on dvd
• one man's wilderness book








 
price: $40.90                     







our alaska 2 dvd package includes: 
                       • alone in the wilderness dvd 
                       • alaska silence & 
                       solitude dvd








                       price: $45.90 









our alone 2 dvd package includes: 
                      • alone in the wilderness part i dvd
                      • alone in the wilderness 
                      part ii dvd








                      price: $45.90 







our alaska 2 dvd and book package includes: 
                       • alone in the wilderness part i dvd
                       • alaska silence & solitude dvd
                       • one man's wilderness book                       








                       price: $62.85









our alone 2 dvd and book package includes: 
                      • alone in the wilderness part i dvd
                      • alone in the wilderness part ii dvd
                      • one man's wilderness book 








                      price: $62.85







our alone 4 dvd package includes: 
                       • alone in the wilderness part i dvd
                       • alone in the wilderness part ii dvd
                       • alaska silence & solitude dvd
                       • the frozen north dvd 







 
                       price: $89.80                             
                       ( free shipping to us addresses only )                      









our complete package includes:
                      • alone in the wilderness part i dvd
                      • alone in the wilderness part ii dvd
                      • alaska silence & solitude dvd
                      • the frozen north dvd 
                      • one man's wilderness book








                      price: $106.75
                      ( free shipping to us addresses only )












 


try our music on cd







bob swerer


if you like the narrators voice from "alone in the wilderness" you will enjoy his smooth singing voice. 


click here for cd details and to listen to a few samples









lisa lynne


lisa lynne plays the harp along with george tortorelli on the flute in "alone in the wilderness". if you enjoy her soothing music in "alone in the wilderness" you will enjoy her other music as well, and you can find it on her website www.lisalynne.com.



 







if you enjoyed our dick proenneke products 
                 you may enjoy these mardy murie products too! 
















 click here for more details
                              about our arctic dance and mardy murie products 


 


arctic dance on dvd








 
price: $23.95





arctic dance soft-cover book








 price: $19.95





two in the far north paperback








 price: $15.95





our arctic dance book package includes both books, arctic dance and two in the far north 








 price: $35.90 





the arctic dance book + dvd package includes the arctic dance book and the arctic dance dvd. 








price: $41.90





the complete arctic dance package on dvd includes the arctic dance book, the arctic dance dvd and the book two in the far north.








price: $57.85 









take a look at our nature videos too! 












 


alaska off the beaten path  on dvd








 
price: $23.95





ghost of the forest   on dvd








 
price: $23.95





click here for more details
                            about our nature videos 












either place your order online or call our toll free number to place 
                          your order


 please call our toll free number, 1-(800) 737-0239, 
                          and place your order with one of our friendly staff 
                          members. 
                          we accept visa, mastercard and discover credit card payments.                        


this is a secure website and all transactions are protected with up to 256-bit secure sockets layer encryption.

 








shipping and handling


we ship most orders within 24 hours.


we will ship your order anywhere in the 
                          united states or canada.


we ship single dvds by 1st class us mail, 
                          so they should arrive 4-5 days.


we ship multiple dvds and packages by 
                          us media mail and they should arrive in 4-14 days.


--- need faster shipping? --- place your order by calling 1-(800)-737-0239 and specify priority mail 

 




index
 









www.dickproenneke.com
 
bob swerer productions
 
1-(800)-737-0239
 
  


 


canada orders: 970-493-0239 - expect longer delivery times for orders outside the u.s.





web design fort collins



 






