










https://georgianassociation.org/




























skip to content



 
georgian association
georgian association in the united states of america






				menu
home
about us

about us
about georgia
georgians in the usa


programs

elections corner არჩევნების კუთხე


events
advocacy
funding
get involved
announcements
donate
 




					welcome to the georgian association website.				
your connection to the georgian community in the usa.








home 



programs
georgian literature reading seriesas part of our mission to promote georgian culture, we were pleased to launch the “virtual georgian literature reading series.” the goal of the series is to create an informal and interactive forum for those with an interest in georgian history and culture to read and discuss important georgian books, both classic and contemporary. spring 2024 building on our virtual georgian literature series, the georgian association in the united states, in partnership with the embassy of georgian to the united states, is delighted to host an in-person reading group focused on the works of ilia…  continue reading » georgian literature reading series



events
georgian association mobilizes with diaspora for elections 2024in advance of the 2024 parliamentary elections, georgian association in the usa mobilized with an initiative group – geovoteusa, to help spread accurate and timely information among georgian…  continue reading » georgian association mobilizes with diaspora for elections 2024
unbroken spirit – 100 years since the 1924 uprisingon september 27, 2024, the georgian association in the usa hosted the event “unbroken spirit,” commemorating the 100th anniversary of the 1924 georgian uprising. held in washington, d.c.,…  continue reading » unbroken spirit – 100 years since the 1924 uprising






advocacy




ga discussions on the aftermath of georgian parliamentary elections 2024georgian association has joined together with georgian diaspora in the united states to advocate in light of violations and challenges experienced by georgian voters in the united states and in solidarity with hundreds of thousands…  continue reading » ga discussions on the aftermath of georgian parliamentary elections 2024
georgian association advocating for georgian president address to the joint session of the us congress
georgian association in the usa supports the georgian people’s act in the us senate









spotlight







unbroken spirit – 100 years since the 1924 uprising
on september 27, 2024, the georgian association in the usa hosted the event “unbroken spirit,” commemorating the 100th anniversary of the 1924 georgian uprising. held in washington, d.c., this meaningful gathering brought together a diverse audience, including esteemed guests, community members, and veterans, to honor the resilience and courage of those who fought for georgia’s independence a century ago. among the guests were cnn journalist and professor jill dougherty, eminent historian and journalist david satter, director of european and eurasian affairs of the state department, christopher anderson, former us ambassador to georgia kelly degnan, former presidents of the georgian association, founder of the georgian heritage academy, members of the georgian diaspora from massachusetts, new york, pennsylvania, virginia, and washington d.c. you can find the event program below. 


event-program-1download




































the evening featured a panel of historians and researchers including georgian association board member – professor stephen jones, professor malkhaz toria, mr. irakli khvadagiani, and mr. giorgi kandelaki. 


professor jones reminded the audience that the 1924 georgian uprising was a serious anti-soviet rebellion that revealed the fragility of soviet control in the caucasus, particularly in georgia, where anti-colonial, anti-russian, and anti-bolshevik sentiment remained strong despite soviet efforts at repression and “georgianization.” drawing on historical records, political writings, and the actions of key figures like kote andronikashvili, noe jordania, and bolshevik leaders such as stalin, sergo orjonikidze, and sergei kirov, he also reviewed information from archival evidence, such as party membership statistics, voting results, and statements from local leaders like kote tsintadze and sergei kavtaradze, to highlight the ongoing resistance to soviet control and the weak local support for bolshevism. in conclusion, prof. jones remarked that the 1924 uprising, though ultimately unsuccessful, was a meaningful and well-organized attempt to resist soviet imperial control. it exposed the limited reach of bolshevik influence in georgia and demonstrated the persistence of georgian anti-colonial resistance. despite soviet attempts at control through repression and local concessions, georgian society, especially in rural areas, continued to resist integration into the soviet system. the revolt highlighted the vulnerability of soviet authority in the region and underscored the broader, ongoing struggle for georgian independence.






















mr khvadagiani gave an overview of the internal context of the uprising, underground, political and military side, reasons for defeat, and important statistics and memory. he emphasized the brutal nature of repressions in 1924 with victims across age, gender, ethnicity, and political affiliation. 






members of the parity committee arrested in shiomgvime monastery. referred to as bandits


party affiliation of victims


ethnicity of victims


statistics of victims across different cities participating in the uprising


some of the victims of executions


lists of individuals with punishment marked






the age distribution of victims shows that multiple children were executed, among them, the youngest was 1 year old. this is only based on a small sample – 1249 identified individuals.




mr. kandelaki focused on international political considerations that were at play during the 1924 uprising and its preceding period and some of the factors or developments that can be useful in handling the menace of the newly-established bolshevik state of which today’s russia is a proud successor. in the second part of the presentation, he focused on how the soviet totalitarian history is weaponized by the russian disinformation today, how its success can be measured and what lesson does that draw for the western counter disinformation agenda today. the audience watched a short film by sovlab which left many in disbelief. 





dr. toria discussed the “crisis of the pro-western memory consensus: georgia’s u-turn toward illiberalism and authoritarianism”. he reflected on the recent use and abuse of historical characters such as erekle ii and ilia chavchavadze by the ruling party (georgian dream) to justify its illiberal politics and pro-russian repositioning from the historical and memory politics analytical perspectives. his overview gave the audience a foundational understanding of the importance of memory politics and offered insights about what kind of study of history promotes democracy and how to deal with researching and teaching the soviet past. 



president of the georgian association, salome tsereteli-stephens reflected on the significance of the uprising in shaping georgia’s identity and the enduring spirit of its people and remarked on the importance of this event in the history of the association, as the descendants of the 1924 uprising leaders were among the leaders of the association over the years and continue to support georgian cause to this day.  


this event was a partnership with harvard’s davis center program on georgian studies and soviet past research laboratory, reinforcing the importance of academic collaboration in preserving and promoting georgian history and culture. gendelberg law llc was the platinum sponsor, and global analytics and advisory services and alexander kartveli foundation generously sponsored the event. 


guests were treated to georgian wine and food, that highlighted georgian heritage and a musical performance by georgian-ukrainian musician sophie villy, who dedicated her music to those who have fought for their country in georgia and in ukraine. 





“unbroken spirit” was not only a tribute to the past but also a call to continue the fight for freedom and democracy in georgia and around the world. proceeds from ticket sales were donated to the veterans charitable foundation. we extend our gratitude to all who attended and supported this remarkable event, ensuring that the legacy of the 1924 uprising remains alive in our hearts and minds.


media coverage


https://civil.ge/archives/626563?fbclid=iwy2xjawhij61lehrua2flbqixmaabhrdwonjjq6m0nfyoafqme8cgqx3rgdmbad8bnosk63-fhmbveqzxfe4dqw_aem_putwlqtqrdxd1ghwa_51ca


https://www.amerikiskhma.com/a/geo-washington-today-10-04-24_1-mp4/7813146.html – from 16:20 


https://globalnews.ge/ge/usa/919-vasingtonsi-antisabwota-erovnuli-ajanyebis-100-wli?fbclid=iwy2xjawhij6zlehrua2flbqixmaabhrdwonjjq6m0nfyoafqme8cgqx3rgdmbad8bnosk63-fhmbveqzxfe4dqw_aem_putwlqtqrdxd1ghwa_51ca


https://www.interpressnews.ge/ka/article/814100-vashingtonshi-antisabchota-erovnuli-ajanqebis-100-clistavisadmi-mizgvnili-goniszieba-gaimarta







































































about the georgian association in the united states
the georgian association is a nonpartisan nationwide organization in the u.s. representing the interests of georgian american community.


sign up for our mailing list

 





 


leave this field empty if you're human: 


follow us
twitter
facebook
















