


home builder magazine - canada's #1 magazine for the residential construction industry





























 









computers, educational 
&technology

electrical & mechanical

exteriors

finishes & surfaces

kitchens & baths

landscape & design

speciality products

structural

tools 
        & equipment

windows 
      & doors

new products home















january 18-21, 2024
 the interior design show
mtcc north building, 
toronto, on
interiordesignshow.com
january 24-25
annual conference on managing risk in construction contracts & projects
double tree by hilton hotel  
edmonton, alberta 
canadianinstitute.com 

february 8-11 
montreal home expo
olympic stadium,
montreal, qc
www.expohabitation.ca

february 14-15
buildex vancouver 
vancouver convention centre west 
vancouver, b.c. 
buildex vancouver


february 22-23
navigating risk in construction contracts & projects
sandman signature toronto airport hotel, toronto, on
canadianinstitute.com

february 27
realcapital conference 2024
mtcc, toronto, canada
informaconnect.com







external links: associations    & governments. builders & renovators . manufacturers    & suppliers

home . about us . subscribe . advertise . editorial    outline . contact us . current    issue . back issues . jon    eakes 



  © copyright 2023 | work-4 projects ltd.





















children of homeowners more likely to buy homes 
house and condominium apartment prices have increased markedly in recent years. there are various reasons why younger canadians are able to buy homes. 
saving for first home 
the tax-free first home savings account allows canadians to contribute up to $8,000 per year (up to a lifetime limit of $40,000) for their first down payment. 
land shortage threatens ontario's housing targets 
bild and ohba want the province to ensure ample land is available for a market-based housing supply to meet forecasted growth to 2051. 










federal government unveils pre-approved home designs to tackle housing crisis in 2024 
post world war ii strategy to ramp up housing construction across canada inspires the federal government. 


empowering workforce development through apprenticeship 
the canadian apprenticeship service (cas) program serves as a beacon for employers seeking to bolster their workforce in the dynamic landscape of skilled trades. this not-for-profit, federally-funded program aims to provide crucial support to companies by offering non-repayable grants... 
affordable homes for women underway in vancouver 
the federal government recently announced construction has started on 135 homes for women and women-led families in vancouver. 

more news...

current issue
drones top roofing tool 


    flying eyes can improve safety and give birds-eye view for repairs.

attack on demand
governments are gutting canada’s housing market by stifling demand and stalling supply.

market report: quebec steps up

    la belle province has its housing groove back.

renovator profile: 
    design, build and keep the
    hammerdown 
 despite government disruptions home builders delivered 200,000 new homes and more than one million jobs in 2017.

tool talk: renovation
    is outpacing
    new construction

    one characteristic of renovation is that contractors are more a jack of all
    trades, using a wider variety of tools than new construction workers and
    often dabbling in fields that are not their speciality.

common cents construction:  
    future-proofing the home building industry. 
 current issue on-line:










jon eakes  presents product reviews and dispense
professional advice in tool talk articles... read on











do you have a question that needs answering? jon eakes  can find the answers to
your questions. 











    
    
     





be 
informed! 
 subscribe to home builder magazine and get the information that will keep you up to 
    date with your industry's latest trends and developments.






tool talk articles  
       tv broadcaster, author, renovator and trusted construction expert jon eakes  presents product reviews and dispense professional advice.






external links to manufacturers 
    and suppliers of home building and renovation products.







  advertisers:
            special offer
            for digital ads.
          
             call 514-620-2200
          
           or email us. 











sign up for our
e-newsletter

































 
homebuildercanada.com | home builder magazine | canada's #1 information source for residential home builders and professional renovators












 





