starbucks coffee companyskip to main contentmenurewardsgift cardsfind a storesign injoin nowmenurewardsgift cardssign injoin nowfind a storeaccountcard managementmy rewardshistorypersonal infopayment methodsprivacy and datasettingssign outearn 10 bonus stars on handcrafted espresso beveragesfrom february 3–march 3, starbucks® rewards members can earn 10 bonus stars on handcrafted espresso beverage purchases. more stars help you get to rewards faster!*order nowhave you met blackberry sageintroducing the new blackberry sage lemonade refresher and midnight drink; combining delicious flavours of sweet blackberries and notes of sage shaken with ice and blackberry inclusions. try it with lemonade or coconut!order nowtreats for the sweetmake room for me time with our delightful heart sugar cookie and cute-as-can-be valentine cake pop. give to someone you love or keep them all to yourself.order nowmake the morning yoursthis is a pairing worth clearing your schedule for. go for bold with the new brown sugar oat cortado and enjoy our new sweet, golden-brown belgian liège waffle.order nowpick your pistachiothe cozy pistachio latte and pistachio cream cold brew are here for short time, not a long time. get your fill before they're gone!order nowenjoy a valentine’s day egiftshare your love with starbucks egifts, featuring charming valentine's designs. easy to send, delightful to receive.send an egift*offer valid for starbucks rewards members from february 3—march 3, 2025, at participating stores. cannot be combined with any other offers or discounts. excludes ready-to-drink and bottled beverages and delivery orders. applies to standard menu sized espresso beverages only.about starbucksour companyour coffeestories and newsinvestor relationscustomer serviceabout starbucksour companyour coffeestories and newsinvestor relationscustomer servicecareersculture and valuesdiversity and inclusionwork at starbuckscorporate careersretail careerscareersculture and valuesdiversity and inclusionwork at starbuckscorporate careersretail careerssocial impactoverviewpeopleplanetenvironmental and social impact reportingsocial impactoverviewpeopleplanetenvironmental and social impact reportingfor business partnerslandlord support centercorporate gift card salesbranded solutionsfor business partnerslandlord support centercorporate gift card salesbranded solutionsorder and pickuporder on the apporder on the webdeliveryorder and pickup optionsorder and pickuporder on the apporder on the webdeliveryorder and pickup optionsprivacy notice|terms of use|do not share my personal information|partners|accessibility|cookie preferencespasser au site français© 2025 starbucks coffee company. all rights reserved.