


pioneer valley freewheelers bicycle advocacy home page









 












 
















 



 
 
 





feb 2020 - 


planning on doing some bicycle riding in france?  you might want to check out the la veloroute du calavon - rail trail.  a 23-mile bicycle path in france.  it goes all the way from robion to saint-martin-de-castillon.
sections updated recently:
new news -

it saddens me deeply to report the passing of marion gorham on november 26, 2010.    marion was an inspiration to all who knew her.  
marion and her husband, al shane, were an iconic couple aboard their tandem bicycle.  although this website is now quite out of date,
if you have ever hovered your mouse over the "puzzler" "business cards" icon at the top of this webpage, you have seen their iconic image, literally.     

here is an enlargement of the image (notice the teal freewheelers jerseys with the white logo on the back).
a memorial service was held january 8, 2011 at 1:00 pm at the leverett congregational church.

memorial contributions are suggested to the dakin pioneer valley humane society, 163 montague road, leverett, ma 01054. [this branch has closed, please refer to the one at 171 union st, springfield]




     google earth is cool!  here's a google earth path of the canal side rail trail in montague.


     i'm in the process of uploading business cards of bicycle shops that i've visited over the years.  feel free
to browse.






     download the internet here.
     (requires high speed
modem and available disk space)

 you might be a cyclist if...




 
 





brief intro:



we are a bicycle advocacy group, with a focus on providing information for things happening in the pioneer valley
of western massachusetts (hence the
name), but we also
cover other areas of massachusetts as well as southern
vermont and new hampshire, and northern connecticut. 

for brief info, hover
on one of the colored bicycles above, or click on it for more detail.
 


      couple dances (my other web site)



bike path information, brief

nov. '07:  i am in the process of creating this new section of the website.
click the link for
more details
if you have knowledge of bike path conditions that you'd like to share, i'd be glad to hear from you.



ride schedule & cue sheets, brief


formerly the franklin-hampshire freewheelers bicycle club, the freewheelers is now a bicycle advocacy group.

we publish ride schedules being hosted by area clubs, organizations & bike shops, as well as providing useful links to various
websites.
we also provide updated bicycling-related news relevant to the pioneer valley.

available cue sheets from some of our most popular rides
more details



old news, brief

08/09/05:
this year the annual new england 24 hour challenge held in sunderland, ma included “the battle of the bike shops".
a team from southampton bicycle center, in southampton, ma turned in the greatest number of miles in the bike shop 
division, covering 169.1 miles in the 8 hour event.


     



old newletters and old ride schedules.



late breaking news, brief

6/22/19:
bob perry has passed away from a brain tumor.  his bike/ski shop will close as a result. his website will not be renewed.

03/01/07:
bob perry has totally re-vamped his website. you will want to check out the
new bikes unlimited website for 
upcoming rides and a lot more.




more







daily cartoon (not bicycling related)

             

misc & links, brief








 www  www.freewheelers.org 





shops

 northampton bikes - northampton, ma

 basically bicycles - turners falls, ma


clubs

 cyclonauts - springfield, ma
 granite state wheelmen - nh
 charles river wheelmen - boston

more details



business cards, brief

business cards from bike shops, past and present, that i have visited over the years.  just like this:

show me more...





 

 


 

disclaimer:
      bicycling activities involve risks and dangers of serious bodily injury, including permanent disability, paralysis and death.
      to reduce these risks, this website encourages riders to wear a helmet at all times and obey all traffic laws.  
      the editor of this web site does not
      make any representation or warranties regarding the
      information on this site or any linked site. 





   the pages on this site were created by and are
   copyright © 2024 john gustin

   just honing enterprises
   e-mail: 
      

   









this site has been tested with, and has been optimized for, the latest version of microsoft
internet explorer [actually, that's a lie.  i use chrome or firefox now.]







