











center for limnology – college of letters and science – uw–madison







































skip to main content




university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









center for limnology

college of letters and science




search






menu
open menu


close





about
expand


collapse



about the cfl
employment
history
photos


people
expand


collapse



faculty & research scientists
staff
postdocs
graduate students
cfl affiliates


research
expand


collapse



research themes
ntl lter
edi
gleon


education
expand


collapse



graduate
undergraduate
weekly seminar


outreach
expand


collapse



events
cfl blog
newsletters
news
learn your lakes


hasler lab
expand


collapse



hasler lab
lake mendota cam
lake mendota buoy


trout lake station
expand


collapse



welcome
trout lake station celebrates 100 years of limnology!
research
station use
art & science


giving
 





summer field season application process open

                  see all the positions available this summer, deadline feb 28th                




                  david buoy wraps up 11th year monitoring lake mendota                




                  summer at trout lake station                






 




the center for limnology.  global leadership, local impact.
the discipline of limnology in north america was founded at uw-madison in the 1890s. after 130 years, the center for limnology remains a globally-recognized leader in the field. our faculty and researchers lead cutting-edge research programs in limnology, aquatic ecology, fisheries, and ecosystem science. our work aims to understand the world’s aquatic ecosystems, and to inform and inspire their stewardship.
our core research mission is closely integrated with training the next generation of freshwater leaders – we train graduate students (ms and ph.d.) through freshwater and marine sciences and integrative biology graduate programs. we engage with diverse partners, and share our knowledge and research with a wide range of audiences and users. field facilities at the hasler laboratory for limnology in madison, wi and trout lake station in boulder junction, wi support our researchers and students, as well as the larger freshwater research community.

 
 
 
 


research at the center for limnology






 



aquatic invasive species

what are the impacts of invasive species in lakes and rivers, and what management strategies are effective?





 



global limnology

how are lakes around the world responding to human impacts and global environmental change?

 





 



carbon cycling

what is the role of lake and river ecosystems in global carbon cycling?





 



high-tech limnology

can we use new technologies and knowledge-guided machine learning to better monitor, model, and manage lakes?

 





 



fish and fisheries

how can we manage inland and marine fisheries in a rapidly changing world?





 



water quality

how do climate change, pollutants, changing land use, food web perturbations, and other factors influence water quality?

 
 
 
 


newslearn your lakes! introducing a mobile scavenger hunt for our lter study sitesfebruary 2, 2025dr. hilary dugan on madison’s lakes and winter icejanuary 17, 2025lake loop: bacteria in lake mendota repeat a cycle of evolution year after yearjanuary 6, 2025as lakes warm, small gains in freshwater fisheries are offset by bigger lossesdecember 4, 2024uw–madison 6th in national research ranking, surpasses $1.7 billion in research expendituresnovember 25, 2024archived news 
more

 

events 

feb
19




zoo 911 wednesday seminar

february 19, 2025 @ 12:05 pm - 12:55 pm





mar
06




science on tap minocqua

grace wilkinson, cfl professor - harmful algal blooms
march 6, 2025 @ 6:30 pm - 7:30 pm





mar
11




clean lakes 101

jake vander zanden - aquatic invasive species in wisconsin lakes - new insights and lessons learned
march 11, 2025 @ 4:00 pm - 5:00 pm





mar
26




wisconsin lakes and rivers convention

march 26, 2025 @ 9:00 am - march 28, 2025 @ 4:00 pm





jun
20




open house at hasler lab

june 20, 2025 @ 2:00 pm



see all events 
more

 
 
 
 




the center for limnology is committed to the full inclusion of individuals with disabilities. our hasler laboratory and trout lake station facilities were built before the americans with disabilities act and is not fully ada accessible. if you need a reasonable accommodation to participate in any outreach or department event, please email or call monet hutchins at hasler lab (monet.hutchins@wisc.edu or 608-262-2009) or amber mrnak at tls (amrnak@wisc.edu or 608-890-4967).
“diversity is a source of strength, creativity, and innovation for uw-madison. we value the contributions of each person and respect the profound ways their identity, culture, background, experience, status, abilities, and opinion enrich the university community. we commit ourselves to the pursuit of excellence in teaching, research, outreach, and diversity as inextricably linked goals. the university of wisconsin-madison fulfills its public mission by creating a welcoming and inclusive community for people from every background—people who as students, faculty, and staff serve wisconsin and the world.” ~ uw president charles van hise, 1904

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin
 
social mediahasler lab facebook
tls facebook
hasler lab youtube
tls youtube
instagram
linkedin
blog
 
quick linksemployment
limnology library
cfl google scholar
for cfl employees
ice summary
north temperate lakes (ntl)
water@uw-madison


contact ushasler laboratory of limnology
680 n. park street
madison, wi 53706
limnology@mailplus.wisc.edu
608-262-3014

trout lake station
3110 trout lake station dr.
boulder junction, wi 54512
tls@limnology.wisc.edu
608-890-4967


 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: limnology@mailplus.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.















