



	electrical and computer engineering programs | drexel engineering






















skip to main content


contact and directoriesstudent and faculty resourcesnews and eventsalumni


drexel home



open drexel search

search drexel
					


					submit search
					





























menu
close




academicsoverviewundergraduategraduateco-op programadvisingstudy abroaddepartmentshigh school programsadmissionsoverviewundergraduategraduatevisit campusget more informationacademic partnershipsstudent experienceoverviewcampus lifediversityleadership and research programslearning communitystudent organizationsstudent storiesresearch and designoverviewresearch areascenters & institutespatents & commercializationfunding opportunitiesstudent researchindustry partnershipsoverviewindustry academic partnershipsrecruitingconsultingresearch innovationalumni industry boardcontact usaboutoverviewmission & visioncollege leadershipdiversity, equity and inclusionstrategic planfaculty & staffemployment opportunities


contact and directoriesstudent and faculty resourcesnews and eventsalumni


drexel home



open drexel search

search drexel
					


					submit search
					

















department of electrical and computer engineeringdepartment of electrical and computer engineering



electrical and computer engineeringmore in this sectionaboutacademic programsdepartment researchfaculty and staffresourcesnewsevents



homeacademicsdepartmentselectrical and computer engineering






join us in empowering the future.
electrical and computer engineering traditionally includes circuits and electronics, telecommunications, power, and controls. today, ece graduates also lead projects in audio, optics, machine learning, biomedical imaging, and nanotechnology; they explore new frontiers in robotics, self-driving cars, internet of things, nanotechnology, cybersecurity, wearable electronics, wireless, computer chips, and renewable energy technologies.
what is electrical and computer engineering?
electrical and computer engineers are essential to countless industries: no car can be driven today without the sophisticated sensing, embedded computing and smart electronics developed by us. medicine today would be unthinkable without the biomedical imaging and health informatics technologies we create within the electrical and computer engineering field. no home today could provide the comfort of modern living without the electrical power systems we design. we are the ones who work hard to keep our cyberspace secure and all of us reliably connected. at drexel university, our computer and electrical engineering college offers real-world exposure to enable students to excel in future careers offering a plethora of opportunities for growth and professional development.













the drexel university ece department seeks to celebrate diversity, foster social equity, and to conduct itself in as inclusive a manner as possible. please view our full diversity, equity, and inclusion statement.







apply now


schedule a visit


talk to an advisor


request more information










graduate programs
propel your career forward as an expert in your field. drexel is home to top-ranked graduate and certificate programs for engineers. find out more at an upcoming info session.
visit











inaugural eisenstein chair joins faculty
david han, phd, the inaugural holder of the bruce eisenstein endowed chair, joins the faculty for the fall term. his research focuses on improving ai to make it more helpful to users.
read story











introducing the ms in machine learning engineering
developed in response to the rapid rise of careers in machine learning, the ms in machine learning engineering leverages drexel’s strengths in engineering education, cooperative education, and as a carnegie r1 research intensive university. now enrolling for fall 2020, with courses offered in-person and online.
read more





student organizations



drexel cyberdragons


drexel institute of electrical and electronics engineers (ieee)


eta kappa nu (hkn)



view all








            latest news

            
view all





9.30



drexel researchers pioneer new testing methods for autonomous vehicle systems


drexel researchers developed new methods to test autonomous vehicle perception, using dynamic visual patterns and sit-net simulations to identify weaknesses, aiming to improve safety and reliability of self-driving systems.













9.23



powering up genetic research: an engineer's unexpected summer


curiosity about everyday technology led jessica wu to electrical engineering at drexel. through the star program, she unexpectedly found herself analyzing dna sequences, expanding her skills and discovering new interests in computational biology.













9.20



the ripple effect of peer tutoring


albin thampy kurian found help at the academic resource center when he was struggling with classes. now, he's returning the favor as a peer tutor.

















            upcoming events

            
        
there are currently no upcoming events









academicsadmissionsstudent experience
research and designindustry partnershipsabout
contact and directoriesstudent and faculty resources
news and eventsalumni





















a-z index
for media
careers
privacy & legal
directories
directions & maps
emergency information



follow college of engineering:




















drexel university, 3141 chestnut street, philadelphia, pa 19104, 215.895.2000, © all rights reserved







