








blue waters hotel fire island – (631)583-8295 | hotel rooms, apartments & houses











































blue waters hotel fire island – (631)583-8295
hotel rooms, apartments & houses


menu
skip to content
home
blue waters hotel
bayhouse condo apartments
season’s bed & breakfast
captain’s quarters
bay breeze
rates: peak season, specials & holiday pricing
rates: off-peak, specials & holiday pricing
reservations, payments & cancellations
meetings & events
weddings
careers
contact us
sweet shoppe
 






 home


check out our specials! apartments, houses & hotel rooms



we have the right accommodations for all your needs, call us now (631)583-8295!
blue waters will never ask you to send electronic payments.  we do not accept venmo, zelle, etc.

 
a world of sun and intimate lodging awaits you at ocean beach…..fire island’s largest community. let us help you find the perfect accommodations for your daily, weekly, monthly or even seasonal stays. ocean beach is more than a beach, our charming village has boutiques, galleries, restaurants and an exciting nightlife. an hour from the city or minutes across the great south bay, a one of a kind adventure will engulf you!
come early and leave late, we are ready to be a part of your unique experience!  we’re just a phone call away (631)583-8295.
 

why rent a house or apartment from the blue waters group?
you can enjoy your stay with peace of mind because:

we have a variety of properties that can satisfy any occasion
all our properties include complimentary beach chairs, bicycles, wifi, tv, air conditioning, sheets and towels
our staff is always on site 24/7 to help guide you explore the wonders of fire island!

new york times  “we were taken with one little gem: the seasons bed and breakfast on dehnhoff walk, a health-food-oriented lodge of eight rooms with gleaming polyurethaned wood floors, bright curtains and plump inviting quilts on the beds. hospitality reigned: rooms come with breakfast and cold juice drinks for the taking, a patio stocked with magazines, and use of bicycles, fishing tackle and a backyard gas barbecue.”
newsday reports “season’s bed & breakfast is unmatched”
list magazine, july, 2014  ”the newest buzz on the island is the newly renovated, blue waters hotel.  everyone raves about the friendly staff and easy going all around experience.”

information:
ferry schedules:  www.fireislandferries.com
long island railroad:  www.mta.info/lirr
 ocean beach village: ww.villageofoceanbeach.org
 
http://facebook.com/bluewatershotelob
http://www.instagram.com/bluewatershotelfireisland/ 





leave a reply cancel replyyou must be logged in to post a comment. 







				proudly powered by wordpress			








