







lake superior circle tour | camping, hiking, scenic travel
















































sea caves of apostle islands national park 
superiortrails: scenic travel on the lake superior circle tour. 
superiortrails.com is your travel guide to interesting places to see and things to do . . . including scenic drives, hiking, waterfalls, camping, campgrounds, state & national parks, wilderness areas and other recreational attractions.    


see photos & information on visitng the bayfield 
        lake superior ice caves 
current event calendar on superiortrails - go to:
lake superior travel events and scenic drives. 

        bayfield holiday events


we're glad you dropped in. superiortrails is #1 website for scenic travel and outdoor recreation around lake superior. our guide covers  the travel regions (three states and one canadian province) around lake superior encompassed by the lake superior circle tour.    


see our current snow report for the lake superior region.
good snow depths are being reported all across the lake superior region.
as veteran superior circle tour travelers,  we share here with you our travel notes and pictures on exploring, hiking, waterfall discovery, camping and all season (including winter) recreation along lake superior's scenic roads & byways. we cover cities, quaint seaside villages, and scenic and recreational attractions along the minnesota north shore, ontario's north and east shore, and the south lake superior shore of the michigan upper peninsula, and wisconsin.








more things to do and see around lake superior




duluth's enger park gardens 
            and tower

porcupine mountains
                state park
was voted #2 best  us state park. great scenic views, terrific hiking and backpacking. 


minnesota north shore
              fall color 





duluth mn canal park lakewalk 
festivals, events & activities around lake superior 
 minnesota north shore travel
wisconsin lake superior travel  
michigan up lake superior travel 
 ontario lake superior travel
most popular travel pages
visiting apostle islands
visiting madeline island
visiting bayfield, wisconsin 
visiting porcupine mountains
visiting duluth, minnesota

fall color train ride 
duluth to two harbors




pictured rocks national park



 





even more things to do and see around lake superior

duluth mn canal park lakewalk 
do you enjoy hiking? 
one favorite of those who drive the circle tour is duluth, minnesota and its canal park lakefront. duluth's lakewalk trail is a favorite of hikers, walkers, and bikers. traveling north of duluth along the minnesota north shore offers one of the nations top hiking trails, the superior hiking trail. over in michigan's upper peninsula is another top rated hiking trail system: porcupine mountains park. wisconsin's bayfield peninsula is home to the apostle islands lakeshore park and madeline island, with its historic village of lapointe, is another popular destination. get some healthful exercise walking around this historic town or drive out to big bay state park for their network of hiking trails.
travel and rving in canada. 
the ontario portion of the lake superior travel route takes you through the remnants of a mountain range that once were higher than the rockies, but still offer dramatic views of lake superior. ontario provincial parks offer modern campgrounds with some great hiking trails, impressive waterfalls, and picturesque scenery.
whether you take the whole circle tour route or just visit a particular region around lake superior, we think you'll enjoy the experience. 
see our superior travel & events page of upcoming events and more ideas of interesting things to see and do while traveling around lake superior. 

planning your road trip 
        the lake superior circle tour scenic drives
the regular pages of superior trails profile the regions around the lake in more depth, including lots of pictures to better appreciate what each area has to offer. simply click on the minnesota, wisconsin, michigan up, or ontario links in the left hand column for a detailed directory to that regions attractions. 

 a second part of web site is our lake superior travel & trip planner. it is essentially a condensced version of the regular site that includes maps, mileage data, and some of our recommended stops and highlights around the lake. 
traveling the lake superior circle route by motorcycle. while these pages and our travel planner are suitable for all means of motor travel, those planning a motorcycle tour can use our travel planner & our website to identify desireable stops and stays and then enter them in the  the "plan my ride" map service  at ride lake superior website to generate your customized map.


lake superior circle route - camping directory
directory to our pages on camping, hiking trails and public campgrounds found while touring around lake superior, organized by state and province. 


agate hunting rock picking on lake superior's beaches
enjoy rock collecting or rock hunting? lake superior offers a number of agate beaches with both lake superior agates and numerous other beach stones that can be polished into gemstones.
 lake superior agates 
beach stones & rock identification 
finding & identifying lake superior agates - - - 
agate, rock & gemstone tumbling - - -
 - - - is this a lake superior agate? 
        learn how to tell the difference between agates and other attractive beach stones, including identifying agate-wanna bees . . . beach rocks that look like agates.

lake superior agate & rock hound festival
          had a great time at this event - see our pictures, story, and a video. 
rock tumbling & polishing agates
          special care is needed to ensure you don't fracture your prized lake superior agate.

best agate hunting & rock picking beaches
          a new series with pictures and maps to our favorite agate hunting and rock hound beaches around lake superior. 
 



campground directory - best camping around lake superior 



ontario canoe trips - wilderness camping & canoeing
wabakimi wilderness park - trip directory

maps, pictures, trip reports from our canoe excursions into  wabakimi park, ontario's largest and most remote wilderness canoeing and fly-in fishing park. 
 


site map and travel directory index
go here for site search & superior circle tour travel directory
 - lake superior circle tour map - 
 - lake superior circle tour mileage - 
 - lake superior facts -





got particular lake superior circle route question? 
            be happy to help. drop me a line
            - - - roscoetrails@gmail.com


about us & advertising on superiortrails.com
also see scenicpathways.com - keyword search lake superior or enter whatever is your specific place of interest for recent updates on interesting things to see and do in around lake superior
new article series: senior golf swing reviews
brian sparks golf swing analysis & video - positive impact golf
jim venetos golf swing analysis & video
don trahan peak performance golf swing analysis & video 
mobile-ready lake superior travel planner




superiortrails.com - reinhold development - 2025
privacy policy








lake superior circle tour

travel & events updates
lake superior map 
lake superior facts
about us
home superior scenic drives
circle tour travel directory


minnesota north shore

minnesota north shore travel directory
duluth, mn

duluth enger park
duluth canal park
tall ships duluth festival
duluth lake walk
duluth christmas lights village


grand marais, mn
north shore camping
fall color scenic highway 61
fall color lutsen - grand marais
winter events north shore


wisconsin travel

wisconsin travel directory
ashland, wi
amnicon state park
apostle islands
apostle islands - meyers beach
copper falls state park
madeline island
big bay state park
superior, wi
bayfield, wi

bayfield apple festival
bayfield wi events
bayfield camping
bayfield ice caves


wisconsin winter events
lake superior ice caves


upper peninsula michigan

michigan upper peninsula travel directory
camping in upper peninsula
keweenaw peninsula scenic drives
copper harbor - keweenaw
black river harbor scenic area
porcupine mountains
pictured rocks national park
fall color porcupine mountains
pictured rocks national park
tahquamenon falls state park
winter events upper peninsula


ontario travel

ontario travel directory
thunder bay, on
sault ste. marie


travel resources

superiortrails.com travel planner
guide to superior travel maps
lake superior travel blog
lake superior golf course directory
lake superior campground directory
finding lake superior agates
fall color drives
fall color reports
scenic byways blog
search this site
superior travel bookstore
snow & weather reports


agates & beach rocks

lake superior agates & rocks
guide to agate rock picking
identifying lake superior agates
tumbling & polishing beach rocks
tumbling and polishing agates
lake superior agate beaches


about us







bayfield lake superior ice caves
 winter - minnesota
winter - michigan up
winter - wisconsin
winter - sault ste marie 




winter fun porcupine mountains
ski & snowshoe 
 don't miss experiencing duluth's canal park, shopping and entertainment district.

duluth's enger park tower provides a panaramic view of the city of duluth. 

    see our reviews on best hiking and camping guides around lake superior. 





brockway mountain
fall color, copper harbor 
 black river harbor fall color & waterfalls 
 enjoying lake breezes and views at the duluth canal park brewery beer garden - canal park.

    see photos from our recent apostle islands
      sea caves  cruise.

 enjoying lake breezes and views at the duluth canal park brewery beer garden - canal park.

  see the lighthouses on an apostle islands cruise.



travel information



 motels & hotel directory 
          hotels and motels in cities around
            lake superior 







lake superior circle tour road map & guide to travel attractions around lake superior. 












superior region
        snow report



how to recognize lake superior agates and beach rocks.








best lake superior agate beaches




duluth john beargrease sled dog marathon

 the up 200 sled dog marathon 

see our reviews of the best guides to lake superior agates and beach rocks. 


see duluth's rose garden at leif erickson park. 

see our guide to interesting and fun things to see and do on madeline island. 


travel directory 
    & site map

see duluth's rose garden at leif erickson park. 

    see our 

      reviews of golf courses around lake superior.







