




loki | home | the games that linux people play












































10.8.2001
		loki goes loco for postal!
8.27.2001
		kohan: immortal sovereigns now available for linux
8.10.2001
		immortals can now wear tuxedos too!



		loki is active in supporting and initiating open source development projects. find out how you can participate and make a difference. use the source!



		when murphy rears his ugly head, we're here to help. if you have a problem, comment or bug report, you'll get fast and concise help in our support section.


 




loki is closed.  thanks for your patronage.

01.31.02 1:00 pm pst
loki store closes.  please find a reseller if you would like to purchase a loki title.

01.30.02
we'd like to update our customers on a few items as we prepare to close
down.

the loki webstore will remain open until 12:00 pm pst january 31s
placed on the webstore will be filled. even though we are officially
closing on the 31st, several of us are going to be in the office to make
sure all orders ship.

many of you have asked about support and maintenance for loki
products. we have taken the following steps:

all patches, faqs, newsgroups and other online support services
will continue to operate with a third party host. the loki domains will 
be redirected to point to the new host, so you won't need to make any
changes to continue to use these services.

all source code has been returned to the respective licensors.
although we cannot guarantee that each licensor will continue to support
the linux versions of their titles, we have made certain that they have
all the necessary tools to do so. don't be shy about letting them know
your thoughts on the matter.



finally, some have asked about the actual process of closing down. as
you may know, loki filed a voluntary chapter 11 petition on august 3,
2001. we will be filing a motion to convert the case to a chapter 7--a
liquidation. at that time all of loki's assets will be transfered to a  
u.s. trustee appointed by the court. the trustee's job will be to sell
those assets to the highest bidder.


we'd like to thank everyone for their support these past three years.

best wishes,  
the loki software team


 

 



note

if you are seeing this text, you have javascript disabled.
currently, we recommend using javascript to fully appreciate the site,
partly due to a bug in netscape that also turns off style sheets.
we will be adding non-js support as soon as we can. sorry for any inconvenience.


products | order | resellers | support | development | press | news | about loki

© 2000 loki software, inc. | contact us | webmaster
loki is a registered trademark of loki software, inc.

 



 
 

 

products
 - game demos
 - postal plus
 - rune: halls of valhalla
 - tribes 2
 sid meier's alpha centauri with planetary pack
 - heavy metal: f.a.k.k.2

 - mindrover
 - rune
 kohan: immortal sovereigns
 - deus ex
 - soldier of fortune

 - unreal tournament
 descent3
 - quake iii arena
 - heavy gear ii
 - simcity 3000
eric's ultimate solitaire
 - heretic ii
 - heroes iii
 - myth ii: soulblighter
 railroad tycoon ii

 - civilization: call to power

order - where to buy - loki store - lug program

support - faqs - get help from loki - bug reports - gl drivers

open source development - openal - smpeg - smjpeg - fenris  setup - update tool - uninstall tool - patch tools - quake iii sdk - gtkradiant

press - press releases - loki in the news - press material

news  - news archive - links

about loki - q & a - events - contact us - loki hack 1999 - jobs at loki



