     lakeland automall | new and used automotive dealership in lakeland, fl                                                                 lakeland automall        sales 863-577-5030    service 863-583-9234  parts 863-686-5126    1430 west memorial boulevardlakeland, fl 33815-1231                                          service        map        contact                      lakeland automall           call 863-577-5030   directions                       new   new   search cars   search trucks   search suvs   nationwide lifetime warranty   owner advantage program   schedule test drive   sell your vehicle     used   used   search all used   search certified   search specials    certified programs   vehicles under 20k   money back guarantee   schedule test drive   sell your vehicle     specials   ford specials   hyundai specials   genesis specials   lakeland specials     finance   apply now   payment calculator   credit repair loans   protect your vehicle   finance department     service   schedule service   ford service   hyundai service   genesis service   service now, pay-over-time     parts   parts department   ford parts   hyundai parts   genesis parts   all brands parts and accessories   parts delivery     about us   contact us   map & directions   meet our team   review us   community relations   nationwide lifetime warranty     careers   talk to the owner   our dealerships   lakeland ford   lakeland hyundai   lakeland genesis   florida fleet sales   lakeland bodyshop                      home   new   new   search cars   search trucks   search suvs   nationwide lifetime warranty   owner advantage program   schedule test drive   sell your vehicle     used   used   search all used   search certified   search specials    certified programs   vehicles under 20k   money back guarantee   schedule test drive   sell your vehicle     specials   ford specials   hyundai specials   genesis specials   lakeland specials     finance   apply now   payment calculator   credit repair loans   protect your vehicle   finance department     service   schedule service   ford service   hyundai service   genesis service   service now, pay-over-time     parts   parts department   ford parts   hyundai parts   genesis parts   all brands parts and accessories   parts delivery     about us   contact us   map & directions   meet our team   review us   community relations   nationwide lifetime warranty     careers   talk to the owner   our dealerships   lakeland ford   lakeland hyundai   lakeland genesis   florida fleet sales   lakeland bodyshop            









lakeland automall
 serving the communities of central florida 

      vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      all new used certified    any year  any make  any model search       new usedcertified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     all new used      search       











































      search new inventory     search used inventory        
visit our dealers









ford: 464








hyundai: 533








genesis: 164








used inventory: 131








commercial vehicles



                                                                    


schedule service







genesis service

schedule service








ford service

schedule service








hyundai service

schedule service










 shop our pre-owned vehicles
shop now




      

welcome to lakeland automall
 where great service, a great selection and great deals
 on new, used & certified inventory are waiting for you…
at lakeland automall, we strive to provide the highest quality sales and service for your new, used or certified pre-owned vehicle while providing exceptional products that meet the needs of every driver. it doesn’t matter if you’re shopping for a new ford, new hyundai, new genesis or a quality used or certified pre-owned vehicle, our teams are here to provide a exceptional experience that exceeds your expectations. no matter where you live in central florida, it’s just a short drive from tampa, brandon, plant city, bartow, winter haven, kissimmee and orlando. just off i-4 at 1430 w. memorial blvd, we’re just minutes away and provide great service, a great selection and great deals seven days a week. when it comes to your next vehicle, don’t settle for anything but the best. come see why lakeland automall, lakeland ford, lakeland hyundai & lakeland genesis can make your next purchase fast, fun and easy! let us show you how car buying was meant to be.
saving you money is what we do… shopping at lakeland automall is the smart thing to do!
more about us


       







    sales hours         monday 9:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm     wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 8:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 8:00pm    sunday 12:00pm - 6:00pm         service hours         monday 7:00am - 6:00pm    tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm     wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 4:00pm    sunday closed         parts hours         monday 7:30am - 6:00pm    tuesday 7:30am - 6:00pm     wednesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:30am - 6:00pm    friday 7:30am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 4:00pm    sunday closed         body shop hours         monday 7:30am - 5:30pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:30pm     wednesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:30pm    friday 7:30am - 5:30pm    saturday closed    sunday closed       


               

the best place to go for your automotive needs throughout the tampa, fl/orlando, fl area is lakeland automall. we're proud to serve our customers in lakeland, bartow, plant city, brandon, winter haven, hanes city, clermont, valrico, wesley chapel, and all throughout the region.
lakeland automall: the name local drivers trust
we've built our reputation in the area on the strong foundation our award-winning customer service gives us. while other dealerships might only look for the potential sale, we take pride in putting your needs as a driver first to give you a personalized experience with trustworthy, honest guidance throughout the entire process.
building up our community
as a locally-owned and operated dealership, we take pride in the part we play in helping this area thrive. through our support of great causes and community organizations, including spca florida and the lakeland rotary, we show our commitment to helping our local neighborhoods live up to their full potential.
popular models we sell


f-150
you'll always have enough power to get the job done when you choose the f-150. check out the available high-output 3.5-liter ecoboost engine to have a considerable 450 horsepower on your side when you need to take on your next big project.


tucson
a compact suv that packs plenty of capability into its sleek frame, the tucson has everything you need to get through your day in style. high-tech safety and convenience features like the blind-spot view monitor (bvm) and wireless device charging station put this vehicle right at the head of its class.




explorer
built to give you the freedom to take on your adventures in your own way, the explorer is versatile enough to handle any situation. with an impressive towing capacity of up to 5,600 pounds, this suv lets you take your boat, camper, or trailer with you on your next outing.


escape
combining the versatility of an suv with the fuel efficiency of a compact vehicle, the escape lets you experience the best of both worlds. this vehicle gets up to 42 miles per gallon when equipped with the available hybrid powertrain, letting you go further on every tank of gas.




elantra
perfect for your daily commute and your next big road trip alike, the elantra is an ideal choice for anyone looking for a reliable daily driver. the bluelink+ system available for new models gives you access to a range of remote features and connected services for added convenience.


service and financing


courteous and skilled service staff
our service center, body shop, and parts department are staffed with friendly and knowledgeable employees who will help you get the most out of your vehicle. trust us for your brake service, oil changes, and all the other repairs and maintenance you need, and we guarantee you'll enjoy years of quality performance.


flexible financing options
we want to work with you to give you a deal that suits your budget and current financial situation. talk to the experts in our finance center to get the best trade-in value for your current ride and the most competitive rates available for a loan or lease regardless of your credit score.




                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | lakeland automall | 1430 west memorial boulevard, lakeland, fl 33815-1231 | sales: 863-577-5030             






















           