








american fancy rat & mouse association









 









afrma
american fancy rat & mouse association






  home
membership
affiliate
info pages
show dates
show info pages
links
contacts








  critters
breeders list
rat standards
  rat colors
  rat markings
  rat coats, misc.
  new rats
  more new rats
fancy rats
official rat standard
rat type issues
mouse standards
  mouse colors
  mouse markings
  mouse coat types
  new mice
  more new mice
fancy mice
official mouse std.
caring for rat & mouse orphans
shipping info


sales
lab blocks food   now in 2 sizes!
sales catalog

afrma rat posters
afrma mouse   posters
rat health care book


fancy mice print
collectibles
collectibles - other critters

small kritter keepers

afrma books
book bundles
breeding book
rat genetics
mouse genetics
rat color stds.
mouse color stds.
show reg. & stds.
pet registry


books & misc.
book list–library
magazine back issues
kids korner

special announcements





pdf pages/forms on the afrma site requires adobe acrobat reader.
    if you don’t have it, click here
    





welcome to afrma!



afrma

the american fancy rat and mouse association (afrma) was founded in 1983 and is a non-profit
       international club. anyone that has an interest in rats or mice can be a member.
       the main purpose of afrma is to promote and encourage the breeding and exhibition of fancy
       rats and mice. we also educate the public on their positive qualities as
       companion animals and provide information on their proper care. competition shows
       are held several times a year in southern california. these shows are very similar to cat, rabbit, or dog
       shows. judges evaluate the animals based on official standards for each
       type of rat or mouse. we also have pet shows in conjunction with our regular shows that are dedicated
       to pets only with fun classes for rats and mice regardless of their
       physical qualities. the club has information booths set up at events
       around southern california during each year,
       to educate the public on rats and mice as pets and show animals.
views
afrma as a club does not hold any views on, nor promote the matters of culling, reptile
       keeping/feeding, or animal rights. we leave these decisions up to each individual person.
       we have always been open to the different views the membership has and hope we can all learn
       from these different ideas. any ideas or view expressed in afrma rat & mouse tales
	   or afrma pitter patter (our e-news newsletter) are of the individual contributor and do 
	   not reflect any policy of the organization.
membership
as a member you receive afrma’s magazine-style newsletter
       rat & mouse tales. it contains articles, stories, questions,
       medical information, genetics info., ads, show results, photos, etc. you will also receive a subscription to
	   our e-news newsletter afrma pitter patter. membership also includes the bylaws, 
	   show regulations & standards book, directory, 
	   membership card, and other informative materials.
we have pamphlets on pet care, showing, medical, etc., available online
       to those interested.
join the club!
a membership application form is available 
        with paypal.






 afrma
      on facebook

come visit, join in, and “like” us!
















updated february 5, 2025




news




new afrma online fun photo shows fb page

we now have a new afrma online fun photo shows fb page


seoul hantavirus



hantavirus articles with 
	 diagnostic testing info



next afrma events








 


















next show: spring show: may 24, 2025
	deadline for entries 6 p.m. monday may 19, 2025
















afrma in the news!

afrma in newspapers, magazines, radio, tv, web sites, youtube, etc.




official
    afrma fancy rat & mouse day
    november 12

celebrate fancy rats and mice, the rat and mouse fancier, and the rat and mouse fancy!












articles


healthy foundations to the hobby
rodent diseases contagious to people
zoonotic rodent diseases - rat bite fever - by carmen
	jane booth, d.v.m., ph.d.
sdav outbreak in nevada (march 2014)
improper care of animals
breeders’ pet selling guidelines
hantavirus articles
showing and risks: biosecurity importance and exposure risks







copyright © 1995–2025 american fancy rat and mouse association
   all text, artwork, and photos are copyright to afrma, and/or the author, artist, or photographer.
   unauthorized copying of any part constitutes a breach of copyright law.
based on design by g. wolfgang






