







welcome | robert fabian


















skip to main content










menutoggle menu visibilityhome
thoughts3rd age video
backdrop cmsprivacy

drupal v8
shared streets

life institutepocket history
meaningreferences - week one
references - week two
references - week three
references - week four
references - week five
conversation - week six

life video movie club
music appreciation

academyikigai
search for meaning
ai references
merleau-ponty
references: meaning
lesser known classical composers

personal2021 holiday letter
2020 holiday letter
2019 holiday letter

archive
 







welcome





i'm properly into my 4th age. it began with my quadruple bypass heart surgery, but i'm slowly moving closer to being back to "normal". on a more positive note, the image above is a fall view of the lake as seen from the cottage we owned. the cottage was located on buckhorn lake just north of peterborough, ontario. back in our younger 3rd ages, my wife and i lived in a downtown toronto condo. we took advantage of the best of both worlds - the peace and tranquility of a cottage and the hectic, multi-dimensional life of downtown toronto. alas, the cottage had to go, we were not up to the physical demands of a cottage.
when i first established a web presence back in the dim past of the 1990's, my focus was on my consulting practice and on the it profession. all of my consulting is now a volunteer effort and i have not maintained my currency in it best practice, but i'm still interested in technology, just not as a vocation. i volunteer, often working with the life institute at ryerson university (now toronto metropolitan university) and with the academy for lifelong learning at uoft and with local urban planning groups. at the life institute i've offered a number of  classical music courses and a smaller number of technology, urban planning and philosophy/sociology courses. i found that offering non-credit courses to my 3rd age peers is an excellent way to enhance and consolidate my understanding. and i had gotten involved in some of the it challenges that the life institute faces.
urban planning in downtown toronto is a fascinating exercise with major implications for the economy and for the reality of living in the downtown. toronto is now the forth largest urban area in north america with a downtown that is projected to double in population in the next few decades, or was so projected before the pandemic. i've been involved in planning for specific properties, planning for areas and planning new urban initiatives. one of the more promising initiatives is living urban blocks, where people have equal use of the public realm and where vehicles don't have an automatic right-of-way. encouraging signs of what is likely to happen.
over time i will be adding material to this site. one of first steps was be to install a static copy of my previous website reaching back to the two previous websites. the technology keeps changing. i'll keep an archival record on the site, but there would be little value in having the old content served by a new content management system.
i'll also be adding thoughts as the spirit moves me and as i find the time to present those thoughts on this site.
25 maitland street, toronto
416-769-1885
 




search


search 







new: search for meaning

a fitting and satisfying purpose can be found in life. giving back to environments important to you makes social and emotional sense. this early draft sketches the argument
see: search for meaning










powered by backdrop cms 










