

































 





skip to content










festival reports
about us
news
journal

journal
festival awards
special awards

special awards
grand prix
european discovery award
latin american lifetime achievement award
fipresci 90 platinum award




moreback 




search for:



 
















homepage february 2025









this year’s german film critics’ honorary award goes to klaus eder, retiring general secretary of fipresci, for lifetime achievement in the service of international film criticism. he headed fipresci for 38 years, from 1987 to 2024, during which time he shaped it into what it is today: an umbrella federation of international film critics associations with 50 national sections worldwide and 36 additional countries represented individually. the german film critics association also understands the honorary award for klaus eder as a tribute to fipresci, which is celebrating its 100th anniversary this year. 
at göteborg film festival, fipresci prize was given to the girl with the needle by magnus von horn. 



at international film festival rotterdam, film critics distinguished same film that received tiger award, fiume o morte! by igor bezinović. “we were impressed by the film’s playful use of archival footage and reenactment to throw light on a too-little-known episode of european history. whilst full of dry, self-reflexive humour, the film manages to use its creative exploration of history to provide in-depth commentary on worrying contemporary political developments, specifically the rise of the global far-right. we applaud the film’s effortless combination of experimentation and accessibility – not least due to its excellent editing –  which serves to convey a timely warning against the formation of authoritarianism.”
check out film critics’ impressions from palm springs and tromso!





berlinale 2025: at this major festival, our jury will present four prizes: 
to a film in the international competitionto a film in the panorama sectionto a film in the international forum of new cinemato a film in the competition of perspectives
12 jurors will represent the worldwide critics’ perspectives, coming from egypt, poland, germany, france, bangladesh, brazil, hong kong, peru, uk, italy, usa, and australia.
.
fipresci award ceremony at berlinale (together with other independent juries) will take place on february 22 2025, 12:00-13:45. venue: grand hyatt berlin press conference room, marlene-dietrich-platz 2, 10785 berlin 
all members are welcome!
.

meet us at the next festivals:
berlinale, germany, february 13-23bengaluru international film festival, india, march 1-8luxembourg city film festival, luxembourg, march 6-15thessaloniki international documentary festival, greece, march 6-16sofia international film festival, bulgaria, march 13-31regard – saguenay international short film festival, canada, march 19-23rencontres de toulouse – cinélatino, france, march 21-30







“in times when the internet was nothing more than a science fiction dream, colleagues joked about his incredible memory and relied on his knowledge to avoid inaccuracies, sometimes seeking information about lesser-known festivals that he was familiar with, having attended them as a critic, selector, or juror, especially for fipresci, for which he was the italian representative for several years, always supportive of younger generations.”. read in memoriam umberto rossi. 




















social media


/fipresci

/fipresci

/fipresci-organization
									newsletter: subscribe@fipresci.org




login/members' login


username or email address



password


 remember me




 














we use the wp-statistics plugin to keep track of visitor numbers, the country they are browsing from, which browser they are using and which pages referred them to fipresci.org. we do not save cookies.
all data is anonymised and kept on our server. we do not share any of the data with third parties.
more info: https://wp-statistics.com/2018/08/16/wp-statistics-gdpr/



privacy preferences
i agree









 

privacy preference center




options




consent management
cookie settings










consent management


we use the wp-statistics plugin to keep track of visitor numbers, the country they are browsing from, which browser they are using and which pages referred them to fipresci.org. we do not save cookies.
all data is anonymised and kept on our server. we do not share any of the data with third parties.
more info: https://wp-statistics.com/2018/08/16/wp-statistics-gdpr/




necessary







advertising







analytics







other


























ok






festival reportsabout usnewsjournal▼festival awardsspecial awards▼grand prixeuropean discovery awardlatin american lifetime achievement awardfipresci 90 platinum award



 












