 










cdmo | drug substance, drug product & analytical services | cambrex





































 



















skip to content




about uslocationscareersnewseventsinsights & resourcesmeet our experts 



search


 

search




english












drug substanceind enabling services
ind enabling services
ind submission is a major milestone in the life of your drug. we can provide all supporting analytical data to help ensure a smooth application process.


case study
full ind program: exceeding requirements for submission


custom api developmentcustom api development
we have the expertise, flexibility, and resources to provide a full range of pharmaceutical api custom development services at every stage of the lifecycle.process developmentanalytical developmentprocess safetyportfolio optimizationcustom api manufacturingcustom api manufacturing
we can provide lab-, kilo- and pilot-scale manufacturing for preclinical studies and all phases of clinical trials, supplying milligram to kilogram quantities.clinical api manufacturingcommercial api manufacturinggeneric api manufacturinggeneric api manufacturing
cambrex brings more than 40 years of generic api manufacturing experience to its pharmaceutical partners. from our sites in italy, sweden, and the usa, we are a leading global supplier of generic apis.generic api product catalogadvanced gmp intermediates and rsmstechnology transfer
api technology transfer
drug substance tech transfer sounds so simple on the surface, but it’s a complex activity carrying a number of technical, regulatory, and quality risks.


webinar
mitigating risk in tech transfer: expert insights into finding the right partner


reactor build and designreactor build and design
at snapdragon chemistry, now part of cambrex, our chemists specialize in creating custom solutions and technologies to take on your toughest process development and production challenges. this includes expertise in designing and building reactors that enable seamless technology transfer as a process scales up for commercial manufacturing.specialty solutionsspecialty solutions
at cambrex, we provide a range of technologies equipped to solve your api manufacturing challenges, and we are flexible enough to handle the most complex molecules.biocatalysiscontinuous flowcontrolled substancessmall-scale commercial manufacturingin-line analyticshighly potent apiscrystallization process developmentcomplex syntheticspeptidescontinuous process technologiesanalytical servicesind enabling services
ind enabling services
ind submission is a major milestone in the life of your drug. we can provide all supporting analytical data to help ensure a smooth application process.


case study
full ind program: exceeding requirements for submission

analytical testinganalytical testing
you can rely on our extensive portfolio of analytical development solutions and testing services to rapidly advance your molecule for the greatest chance of success.method development and validationrelease and ich stability testingmaterial characterizationelemental impuritiescompendial testingimpurity identificationnitrosamine studiesextractables and leachables testingreference standards management and qualificationin-use studiesenvironmental monitoring and cleanroom servicessolid state chemistry
solid state chemistry
we’re solid state chemistry experts who can deliver timely, phase-appropriate solutions to optimize the physical stability of your api, develop a more bioavailable formulation or overcome other challenges.microbiology
microbiology
cambrex’s experienced analysts are well-equipped to ensure microbial testing is of the highest quality for our customers and delivered with a quick and reliable turnaround.


webinar
challenges and key components of conducting investigations in microbiology


stability storage
stability storage
cambrex and q1 scientific’s stability storage and sample management capabilities provide a variety of pharmaceutical storage conditions, with walk-in and reach-in chambers that meet all ich q1a requirements.
drug productformulation development
formulation development
cambrex offers extensive development services tailored to meet your drug product needs in early development. from pre-formulation to phase ii, we ensure your products are developed with speed, flexibility, and quality in mind.clinical trial manufacturing
clinical trial manufacturing
whether you need rapid development, flexible manufacturing solutions, or high-quality production, cambrex is your trusted partner for advancing your drug product from concept to the clinic.
solutions by phaseearly phase (preclinical – phase i)
early phase (preclinical - phase i)
cambrex is here to support you in early-phase development. our development experts apply their ingenuity and skill to address your unique challenges.


case study
full ind program: exceeding requirements for submission


late phase (phase ii – phase iii)
late phase (phase ii - phase iii)
our teams of creative problem-solvers work closely with you to accelerate drug development timelines, optimize processes, and meet regulatory requirements.
commercial
commercial
we understand that the commercial phase of drug development can be challenging, especially when it comes to manufacturing at scale and meeting changing market demands.


case study
speed to market: api large-scale commercial manufacturing


case study
scale-up and site transfer of a semi-solid product for commercial launch


generics
generics
cambrex is a leading global supplier of more than 70 generic apis, as well as intermediates and derivatives.


product list
generic api and intermediate product list



get in touch
about uslocationscareersnewseventsinsights & resourcesmeet our experts
get in touch
english














						your molecule            our mission


whether you’re a fast-growing biotech or large pharma company, you need a partner who can give you a competitive advantage. cambrex has the necessary expertise and equipment to handle almost any need, but what separates us from other contract development and manufacturing organizations (cdmos) is our approach. our scientist-led teams love to be challenged, and they collaborate with you from the start to understand your program’s unique requirements and ensure a smooth, seamless journey from early development to commercialization.


learn more about our services





















 


drug substance
working with a challenging api or complex process? our development and manufacturing experts can help you get the science right as you scale.

learn more








 


drug product
regardless of your finished dosage form, we can help you advance your product seamlessly through early development and prepare you for scale-up.

learn more








 


analytical services
your molecule is unique, which is why we design customized, phase-appropriate analytical programs that maintain your momentum across the drug lifecycle.

learn more








expertise across the entire drug development lifecycle

early phase
late phase
commercial
generics










ind enabling services

our streamlined ind data collection and submission strategy, based on our decades of experience, helps accelerate your filing process without sacrificing quality.









analytical testing

we offer comprehensive analytical testing services to provide the data you need for critical early-phase drug development decisions. at our state-of-the-art facilities, cambrex experts ensure regulatory compliance and the highest standards for safety and efficacy.









process development

our development experts specialize in using creative problem-solving to handle early-phase challenges while maintaining validation rigor to avoid late-stage process changes. this helps you advance more rapidly to late-stage manufacturing.













clinical api manufacturing

with decades of experience and broad capabilities, our flexible manufacturing and packaging solutions can support changing demands to meet your late-phase clinical trial needs.









analytical testing

by offering a comprehensive suite of analytical testing services, we can support your late-phase development and ensure your clinical trial materials meet the highest standards for safety and quality.













api manufacturing

at cambrex, our experts specialize in api manufacturing and scale-up from preclinical to commercial phases. we offer extensive manufacturing capabilities, streamlined technology transfer, and consistent support across all sites.









technology transfer

although every technology transfer process is different, our experts apply their skills and knowledge to make the transition to commercial manufacturing as smooth as possible.













generic api manufacturing

cambrex is a leading global supplier of generic apis with sites in italy, sweden, and the us. we collaborate with generic drug firms before patent expiration and offer comprehensive services and manufacturing capabilities.









intermediates and rsms

our global manufacturing facilities reliably supply high-quality advanced pharmaceutical intermediates and raw starting materials. we maintain a large catalog of apis and have a proven track record for meeting cgmp standards.











science, powered by people














 

 




science, powered by people
some cdmos can be impersonal, cold, transactional. cambrex is different because our people are different. we value innovation and teamwork, problem-solving and perseverance. we also firmly believe in the promise of medicine, and our experts hold themselves accountable as they collaborate with you to bring your molecule to life.




news




 




cambrex announces strategic agreement with lilly to support biotech collaborator manufacturing
12.05.2024
cambrex announces it has signed an agreement with eli lilly and company (lilly) to deliver accelerated access to clinical development capabilities for their biotech collaborators through lilly catalyze360-explor&d, lilly’s early external innovation and collaboration arm.


view all news









 
              quality by design            


 
              supply chain resilience            


 
              excellence in regulatory compliance            


 
              environment, health, and safety            




discover a different cdmo
our scientists specialize in making connections. start a conversation today and see what it’s like to work with a collaborative cdmo.

get in touch with an expert









privacy
recruitment policy
forms & certificates
legal
manage cookies

© 2007-2025 cambrex corporation. all rights reserved.




























