












we are foundation technologies - get back to work



























































































about us
what we do
meet ottobot
partners
careers
contact us

our location
pay an invoice
contact verification form


 











foundation technologiesget back to workwhat we dofor some clients we do everything. others hire us for specific projects, or areas of support.
some say we're unicorns. some call us friends. all are hugely important to us, and make us who we are; the foundation.mobilitymanaging ios® and android® devices, mobile device management selection and maintenance.repair depotapple® authorized service providerauthorized resellersapple®, adobe®, aerohive®, cisco®, extensis®, dell®, meraki®, microsoft®, vmware® and more.wireless networkingcomplex environments, dense client bases, advanced authentication methods.shelf-as-a-serviceno office? no problem. we can manage your it lifecycle in our warehouse.the orange bookorganization-level assessment, documentation, recommendations and it road-mapping.franchise it servicesit support for the complexities of franchisees and franchisors.onsite supportour field techs are your it. mac admins or pc nerds, we can help.help deska help desk that actually helps. even for macs.ottobot managementautomated management, maintenance and monitoring for computers and mobile devices.738happy clients30190hours saved last year2on the fast 50 for 2016184years of experiencecontact us



they’re consistently finding ways to say yes, instead of excuses to say no



eric frost, zeus jonesrecent newssome of our thoughts.


twin cities startup week is here!
by admin in events on sep 14, 2023
so you’re starting a startup. congrats, and happy tc startup week! now you’ve got your idea for a …
view post





acrobat pro dc: empower teams to work from anywhere
by admin in industry news on aug 24, 2020
keep business moving with adobe acrobat dc. whether teams are in the office or working remotely, acrobat dc …
view post





security notice: macos
by admin in uncategorized on apr 28, 2021
earlier this week, apple announced several security patches for its supported versions of macos including mojave (10.14), catalina …
view post





clinical use ipads for pandemics and beyond
by admin in uncategorized on apr 17, 2020
now more than ever, healthcare needs to have creative technical solutions for complex problems with inpatient care. at …
view post


leadershipjust a few of the people that make foundation who we are.matt woestehoffmanaging directorstacie marshalldirector of operationsabout us


a different type of it support.


contact us














612-465-0700twitterinstagramlinkedin


	© copyright 2024. foundation technologies llc. all rights reserved. view our privacy policy. it for the creative industry. get back to work.
all trademarks, service marks or copyrights listed are registered to their respective organizations.  cookies may be used to ensure the best performance of our website. 


















