




the online ppmd support group














 




. 











welcome to the online ppmd support group







being a mother is one of the hardest jobs anyone can do, and having a mood disorder can make a hard job feel impossible.  many women experience some form of postpartum mood disorders.  having a mental illness is not a measure of your worth, social status, race or religion.  getting treatment is not a sign of weakness, but a sign of strength and bravery.  mental health in many societies is still often surrounded by misinformation and stigma.  

just as a diabetic has a problem with how her pancreas functions, so does a person with a mental disorder have a problem with how her brain functions.  hormones, genetics and brain chemistry all play a huge role in the onset of mood disorders.  environmental factors and personal experiences also impact an individual's mental health.  some people with mental health issues are able to function by monitoring their lifestyles alone (eating healthfully, staying hydrated, getting adequate rest and exercise, etc.), while others may require medication and talk therapy in addition to some modifications in how they live.  this is similar to our diabetic example above in that some diabetics can manage their illness by altering their lifestyles alone while others require insulin injections in addition to changes in their day to day lives.

if you feel that you may be suffering from a postpartum mood disorder, please contact your doctor.  many women find it frightening to seek treatment, or feel a sense of shame at needing help.  remember that the brain is an organ in the body, just like any other part of your body.  understand that there is no more shame in seeking treatment for a brain disorder than there is when seeking treatment for any other ailment.

we hope the information gathered here will serve as a resource for you. 
please note: if you are in need of immediate help, please contact 1-800-suicide
the national hopeline network serves as a wonderful "springboard" for finding help in your area. by calling their toll-free number, you will be routed to live support. the website also aids you in finding services in your area in non-crisis times.
news:
please feel free to use this banner to link back to our website.

added may 2005: excerpt from down came the rain, actress brooke shields' personal story of postpartum depression. click here to read more.










quote of the day














to share information on upcoming events related to postpartum mood disorders, please send to the administrator. 
volunteer translators wanted:  if you are fluent in another language in addition to english, and are willing to volunteer some time to translate our brochure text or portions of our website into other languages, please contact the administrator.  our goal is to spread information about postpartum mood disorders to everyone in every language possible.





advertisement










 
search by keywords:  


















   we comply with the  honcode standard for trustworthy healthinformation: verify here.   









disclaimer:
 
the online ppd support group web site, its posting boards, chat rooms, and email list is intended solely for informational and peer supportive purposes and is not a substitute for medical evaluation, treatment or consultation.  individuals with medical, mental or personal issues are strongly urged to seek advice from physicians and/or mental health professionals.

the participants of the online ppd support group, professionals and non-professionals, cannot give professional advice, diagnose, prescribe, or in any way treat postpartum mood disorders on behalf of this website.

likewise, participants in the chat rooms and message boards of online ppd support group cannot give professional advice, diagnose, prescribe, or in any way treat postpartum mood disorders. their sole function is to create a supportive and informational environment.

furthermore, the online ppd support group offers links to other sites and resources, but does not bear any responsibility for or endorse the content of said links and resources.

the information available at the site is readily available in other publications. while care has been taken to select information from reliable publications, no guarantee of the information selected may be made for the simple reason that we are not medical professionals.

the online ppd support group will respect and honor the privacy of its users.  any information a user chooses to share online will remain, but no attempts will be made to publicize personal information or to use said information in any way for profit of this website or its administrator. 

the online ppd support group website is funded by the founder, tonya rosenberg, sales of materials via the online store and the amazon.com associate program.  the message boards are funded by tonya rosenberg, and by contributors to the message boards community chest, hosted by ezboard.

this website does not contain advertisements aside from the amazon.com search engine and/or booklist and the online store, which benefits website-related costs only.

the personal stories featured within our website were authored by the individual unless otherwise stated. other contents within this website are authored by the administrator. any information gained from a specific resource will be duly cited.


the founder, tonya rosenberg, is proud to support the following organizations:
psi of wa
postpartum support international
national alliance for the mentally ill
national mental health association







 last updated onfebruary 2, 2018




online ppmd support group 1999-present
founder:  tonya rosenberg
administrator: jessica banas and venessa nickel
assistants:stefanie belote, kym beyer, peggy miller, heather burnham , melissa crawford, and lauren roberts 
special thanks: all the members and moderators of this site (past and present) who have offered support, comfort and kindness to each other.  without you, this site would not be possible.
the graphics within this website and affiliated materials were created by the founder, unless otherwise noted, using:



















 
home - 
site map





reach out and help others - click on a charity to help:   




