





scanning electron microscope photography, video, motion pictures, stock images, fine-art prints and r&d by david scharf.





























scharfphoto.com
scanning electron microscope photography, video, motion pictures,
stock images, fine-art prints and r&d by david scharf.




  info@scharfphoto.com
 +323 666 8657












navigation



homeimagesstock photographyb&w vintage imagesaboutcurriculum vitaeexhibitionsreviewscovers and adstechnical descriptionsservicesmotion picturesvideostill photographytechnical consultationlab servicesarticlesdid you know...b&w films for s.e.m. photographylive specimens in the s.e.m.tuning the s.e.m.detectorskppc storyart galleryview camera 1992microscopy today 1.2017-live hydrated specimens in hivac semsearchcontact










the world around you: up close!

welcome to the exciting world of scanning electron microscope photography and video.



explore subjects from the ordinary to the extraordinary--from common objects and creatures to exotic animals and plants, microbiology, and high technology. this collection of photographic works spans 1974 to the present.


view all photo categories »






















how things have changed!

when i first started taking s.e.m. photos, we did it using 4x5 black & white film. you didn't know if you had a good image until you went to the darkroom, developed the film, and made a contact sheet.

these days we can acquire extremely fine images in real-time digital format. you can see the image as its being photographed...and after i invented and built my first color s.e.m., the images are now in color!!! o.k. its synthesized color but its still very cool!

here are various articles and photo galleries made possible by these advances in electron microscopy...






technology like you've never seen it
a close-up look at microchips and other technology will give you a whole new outlook on technological wizardry!
view gallery »





s.e.m. multi-detector color synthesizer
patented by david scharf, this system uses multiple secondary electron detectors which share the electron emission from the sample.
read more »





did you know?
mites only live about a month but lay 20-30 eggs at a time! they are also more prevalent during seasons which keep humans indoors a lot, so put on your mittens and get out of the house a little more!

view article »





here's lookin' at you
check out this collection of insect eyes! from spiders to flies, you'll be amazed at some of these little buggers peepers.

view gallery »








news
dave is currently featured in microscopy and analysis magazine in an article entitled "life in color" for his revolutionary breakthroughs in sem photography and videography. 
view the article »



services
dave provides services ranging from video footage to still photography, as well as lab work and technical consultation. check out the services page for more info.
services page »







emmy award-winning artist
dave won an emmy in 2000 for his national geographic documentary film, "body snatchers". this was the first time hdtv footage was generated from a sem.

more about dave »







what is it?!
think you know what this is? check out this gallery of things you've probably never seen before.
...coming soon!






the sights of sounds
the musician in me couldn't resist to throw some guitar strings under the scope, here are a couple shots...
guitar strings »











footer navigation
footer navigation


home
about the artist
stock images
services
technical descriptions
contact





gallery preview
gallery preview
















copyright and image usage
copyright and image usage


all images and video on this web site are copyright protected. 

if you would like to use any of the images for personal, non-commercial use, you may do that provided you display our website link along with the image www.scharfphoto.com.

for commercial or other use, please contact us via the contact page or info@scharfphoto.com. we license images at a rate that is comparable with most commercial stock photo agencies.




contact dave
contact dave



name *


email  *


message *






 













copyright © 2014 - david scharf - all rights reserved



web development and seo by meteorsite seo








