













welcome to saltcorner! a saltwater aquarium reference site for hobbyists.








saltcorner
by bob goemans






 home
 contact
 about
 links
 bob's books
 reviews
 articles
 q & a
 species library
 galleries








what is saltcorner?


saltcorner is a website that is dedicated to the hobby of marine aquarium keeping and is the creation of aquarium author bob goemans, who has written a column of the same name for many years.whether you're looking for information about animals and plants/algae; for informative articles by noted aquarium authors; for product or book reviews; for photo galleries of impressive home aquariums; for information about bob's books; or troubleshooting/advice correspondence on a wide range of topics, there's a lot of information here. and it's all free to you thanks to the generous support of our website sponsors who keep the website's lights turned on.


place your banner on saltcorner
click to see its benefits and details!

use the tabs above to navigate to different parts of the website, or click on any link that catches your eye. i hope you find the site useful and informative!






photo gallery spotlight

see more in thiru s's 504 gallon aquarium photo gallery.
see other galleries.







site supported in part by:
 
				




new! book spotlight:
the 'living' marine aquarium manual



read it here for free! no need to sign up. no catches. no gimmicks.just click on the cover and start reading.






critter spotlight
scolopsis ciliata 
photo © jim greenfield

see other aquarium organisms





site supported in part by:
 
				






q&a letter spotlight
brian buchanan (alexandria, va ) writes to bob about: ozone & calcium buffering



hi bob,

first let me thank you for giving of your time to help aquarists. i look forward to every issue of fama and always look for your article first.

i have been in the hobby since 1997 and i do not understand two things; buffers and ozone. i have your plenum setup and a kalkreactor and my ph is not 8.4 and i wish to raise it so the kalkreactor can then maintain it. and the second item is ozone, and wonder if it adds oxygen to the water? or is it carbon dioxide? how do you tell if you need it? please let me know if you need any more information.

thank you.

brian buchanan
alexa...read more.
see other letters and answers.






review spotlight
product review of bioplankton
manufactured by liquidlife usa



(written in 2003)
many reef aquarists face a major challenge in providing the necessary foodstuffs for most invertebrates. in fact, the nutritional factor is the second most difficult task facing aquarists, with that of maintaining water quality the most important! it is well known that the most common food that supports the world's marine food web is 'phytoplankton.' unfortunately, nutrient-rich phytoplankton is generally missing in the daily diet of the invertebrates that occupy most reef aquariums.

because phytoplankton is at the top of the numerical food chain pyramid, it's of great ...read more.
see other reviews.







site design: craig dolphin
© 2012 bob goemans. all rights reserved. the material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of bob goemans.


translate this page: 










