



connecticut antiques online dealers american european furniture estate gold diamond jewelry sterling silver paintings fine art porcelain ceramics objects of art antiquing in new england


































toggle navigation




oneofakindantiques.com





categories 

advertising
african art masks
antiquities
architectural
art pottery
asian
baskets
books
boxes
brass copper bronze pewter
cast iron
childrens
chinese
clocks / timepieces / watches
decorative objects
desk articles
epherma
featured / fabulous finds
fine art
firearms, militia guns
folk art
furniture
glass art
india
japanese
jewelry / estate / gold / silver
kitchen items
lighting
maritime
mirrors
musical
native american
photographic / photos / cameras
porcelain
prints / lithographs / etchings
memorabilia
sculpture
sewing
silver
sports memorabilia
stoneware
textiles
tiffany
tools
toys



information 

antiques price guide
appraisals
about one of a kind antiques
consigning & purchasing
contact us
selling your items
payment policy
shipping
privacy policy
return policy
connecticut sales tax
customer feedback
auction services
bookmark our website
selling silver and gold
link to one of a kind antiques





enter keywords to search




        		     any word(s)
        	



        		     all word(s)
        	

search


receive email updates!









established 1975


one of a kind
antiques
oneofakind antiques.com


online since 1995



 


 


 


contact us







					[
you are on page # 1 in the fineart category of our website. there are 22 items in this category.  click one of the pages below to view more items in this category.





← previous
1
2
3
4
5
next →






click any image to zoom



















jerome howes oil on board rainbow fleet nantucket

item# 12134    $2200

the rainbow fleet, nantucket. signed lower right "jerome howes".
oil on masonite, 10.5" x 42.5". framed. excellent condition. largely self-taught, jerome howes (american, b. 1955) devoted himself to painting in 1994 and quickly gained a wide-spread following on his native cape cod, and nantucket and martha's vineyard. he specializes in marine subjects, having acquired a deep appreciation of the marine art tradition from his father, a paintings and antiques dealer in brewster, massachusetts, who had an extensive private collection of 19th century ship portraits.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom

















f norton robinson still life gouache on paper 1898

item# 11971    $550

f. norton robinson still life gouache on paper dated 1898. the view is of yellow roses in a glass bowl. the image is framed under glass. f. norton robinson (born 1860) was active/lived in connecticut. he is known for portrait, landscape, and still life. the original frame measures 22.5 x 14.5 inches and the painting is 14 x 10 inches.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom























warren sheppard seascape oil on canvas

item# 11970    $4950

warren sheppard seascape oil on canvas. the view is of a solitary sailor navigating a windy sea. the canvas measures 20 x 30 inches and the earlier gold leaf frame measures 42.5 x 33 inches. warren sheppard was an american marine painter, born in greenwich, new jersey, on april 10, 1858. he lived most of his life in the new york and new jersey area, spending summers in new hampshire, painting seascapes off isles of shoals. he learned the art of marine painting under the dutch maritime artist mauritz frederick hendrick de haas, who had moved to america, settling in new york in 1858, the same year that sheppard was born. although he worked closely with the master, sheppard was able to develop an original style, and maintain his own views on the portrayal of nature. bio obtained from rehs galleries inc.

in the 1890's sheppard painted a group of venetian scenes.  recording the architecture along the grand canal, sheppard painted many private villas, betraying the oriental influences on the architecture of the original plans of this unusual city.
from 1880 to 1899, he exhibited at the national academy of design were he showed many paintings, among them moonrise on the ocean, which commanded $1,500 in 1896.
sheppard was not only a talented marine painter, but he was also known for his expertise as a racing yachts designer and navigator.
he died on february 23, 1937.

selected museums:
mystic seaport museum, mystic, ct
peabody museum, salem, ma
india house, new york, ny
toledo museum of art, toledo, oh
addison gallery of american art, andover, ma
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom
















19thc dutch still life oil painting of flowers

item# 11609    $750

19th century dutch still life painting of a glass vase of flowers, including tulips, roses, and lilies of the valley. oil on canvas with craquelure surface. nicely mounted in a period style gilt wood frame. canvas measures 12" x 16" and frame measures 17" x 20".
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.



click any image to zoom

















english oil painting c1800

item# 11584    $875

lively english genre scene of tavern patrons attended by the innkeeper. oil on panel circa 1800. frame measures 10.5 x 12.5 inches; panel measures 8.75 x 10.5 inches.
customer feedback | how to purchase | shipping / handling
shipping extra. connecticut residents add 6.35 percent sales tax. buyers outside of the united states are responsible for any customs taxes or tariffs that may apply.







← previous
2
3
4
5
next →













copyright ©1995-2025, oneofakindantiques.com, llc. owned and operated by one of a kind antiques, llc. all rights reserved. one of a kind antiques, dealers since 1975  in: american, european & asian antiques, baroque, rococo, empire, federal, regency, victorian, arts and crafts, art deco, mid century modern & country furniture, folk art, fine art, decorative objects, silver, rugs, ceramics & lighting.
grandpashabet
grandpashabet giriş
palacebet
royalbet
palacebet giriş
pashagaming
hızlıbahis
palacebet güncel giriş
pashagaming giriş
royalbet giriş
grand pashabet
porno

 







