













home | department of medicine | school of medicine | queen's university | department of medicine | school of medicine | queen's university





















      skip to main content
    














 
















          sign in
          




university wide

faculty/school portals






































department of medicine




















main navigation





                    divisions
                      




                    allergy and immunology
            
        



                    cardiology
            
        



                    dermatology
            
        



                    endocrinology and metabolism
            
        



                    gastroenterology
            
        



                    general internal medicine
            
        



                    geriatric medicine
            
        



                    hematology
            
        



                    infectious diseases
            
        



                    nephrology
            
        



                    neurology
            
        



                    palliative medicine
            
        



                    respirology and sleep medicine
            
        



                    rheumatology
            
        





                    faculty/staff
                      




                    faculty & department administration
            
        



                    divisional administration
            
        



                    ctu schedule
            
        



                    covid-19 ctu coverage
            
        



                    ctu resources
            
        



                    physician wellness
            
        



                    intranet / elentra login
            
        



                    reappointment, tenure and promotion
            
        





                    admin
                      




                    news and events
            
        



                    e-newsletter
            
        



                    annual report
            
        



                    women in medicine
            
        



                    mentorship program
            
        



                    leadership opportunities
            
        



                    equity, diversity and inclusion
            
        





                    research
                      




                    researchers
            
        



                    teams
            
        



                    translational institute of medicine
            
        



                    funding opportunities
            
        



                    internal grant review
            
        



                    resources
            
        



                    participate in research
            
        





                    academics
                      




                    translational medicine graduate programs
            
        



                    core internal medicine residency program
            
        



                    residency programs
            
        





                    careers
                      




                    faculty opportunities
            
        



                    administrative opportunities
            
        



                    postdoc opportunities
            
        



                    new employee orientation
            
        





                    contact us
            
        




























home







 















  welcome to the department of medicine
  the department is proud to be a part of one of the most historic medical faculties in canada. 


  queen’s department of medicine
medical grand rounds



  thursday, february 20, 20257:45 - 8:45am

  presented by: dr. adrian baranchuk
  lyme carditis: key messages 2025


view annual reports

view newsletters
  annual reports & newsletters 






 


















 











the department of medicine trust fund
established to enhance teaching and scholarly activity, purchase equipment, and support research. 



make a gift












 









    

  translational institute of medicine research network (time)   










    

  queen's cardio pulmonary unit (qcpu)   











 









divisions within the department of medicine 










 









 allergy and immunology
to find out more about the division of allergy and immunology from the perspective of research, education and patient care.
learn more 









 cardiology
to find out more about the division of cardiology from the perspective of research, education and patient care.
learn more 









 dermatology
to find out more about the division of dermatology from the perspective of research, education and patient cre.
learn more 










 









 endocrinology and metabolism
to find out more about the division of endocrinology and metabolism from the perspective of research, education and patient care.
learn more
  









 gastroenterology
to find out more about the division of gastroenterology from the perspective of research, education and patient care.
learn more  









 general internal medicine
to find out more about the division general internal medicine from the perspective of research, education and patient care.
learn more 










 









 geriatric medicine
to find out more about the division of geriatric medicine from the perspective of research, education and patient care.
learn more 









 hematology
to find out more about the division of hematology from the perspective of research, education and patient care.
learn more  









 infectious diseases
to find out more about the division of infectious diseases from the perspective of research, education and patient care.
learn more 










 









 neurology
to find out more about the division of neurology from the perspective of research, education and patient care.
learn more 









 nephrology
to find out more about the division of nephrology from the perspective of research, education and patient care.
learn more 









 palliative medicine
to find out more about the division of palliative care from the perspective of research, education and patient care.
learn more 










 









 respirology and sleep medicine
to find out more about the division of respirology and sleep medicine from the perspective of research, education and patient care.
learn more 









 rheumatology
to find out more about the division of rheumatology from the perspective of research, education and patient care.
learn more  










 









help us reach our $2m goal  




70%


give to the department of medicine to support our clinical, research, quality and education mission.











$100,000 donation 
another cardiology patient has donated $100,000 through the uhkf honour your caregiver program this generous gift was given in honour of dr. peggy dejong, dr. joe abunassar, dr. wael abuzied and the cath lab nurses. truly a group effort!





$100,000 donation 
dr. stephen archer and the cardiology department at khsc received a $100,000 honour your caregiver gift from one of dr. archer's patients. this generous gift will be used to purchase new equipment, implement a new electronic medical record system and create a database for khsc's heart failure clinic, all improving patient care.








                            view all donations                          





$50,000 donationapril 2021 a donation of $50,000 split between the division of endocrinology and metabolism and the division of general internal medicine from mr. william fraser in gratitude for the excellent care he received.
$100,000 donation
december 2020 a donation of $100,000 to the division of neurology from mrs. marilyn braden to honor her brother carl e. jones.  read the full story here.
$50,000 donationdecember 2020 a donation of $50,000 to epilepsy in the division of neurology from the cloutier family in memory of yvon cloutier through uhkf legacy giving
$10,000 donationnovember 2020 a donation of $10,000 from the garrington family to cardiology through the honour your caregiver program with uhkf
$500,000 + $500,000 donationnovember 2020 time received a donation of $500,000 from the wj henderson foundation and the dept of medicine matched that gift for an additional $500,000  (time)
 












 









news, events & rounds 








department news & events



- any -dr. archer's bloggeneral dom news & eventstime newstmed blog






















 infectious diseases division chair transition 

general dom news & events | 12 feb 25












 feature: pulmonary hypertension clinic 

general dom news & events | 03 feb 25












 this months time showcase - recent publication by drs mccarthy, goldie, kain, iqbal, sinnarajah, and mathews  

time showcase, time news | 31 jan 25












 expecting the unexpected: cases that surprised me - tmed 801 

tmed blog | 16 jan 25












 generational intelligence: working with multi-generations - tmed 801 

tmed blog | 08 jan 25












 targeting mitochondrial injury: the future of post-cardiac arrest resuscitation care - tmed 801 

tmed blog | 08 jan 25












 this months time showcase - recent publication by dr. alberto neder 

time showcase, time news | 29 nov 24












 incivility in the health care workplace - tmed 801 

tmed blog | 05 nov 24












 this is getting personal: precision medicine in the care of inflammatory bowel disease patients in 2024  

tmed blog | 10 oct 24












 this months time showcase - recent publication by dr. akihiro nakamura 

time showcase, time news | 02 oct 24












 hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia: diagnosis and modern management of the most common inherited bleeding disorder 

tmed blog | 23 sep 24












 remission is possible: a new way to think about type 2 diabetes 

tmed blog | 23 sep 24












 this months time showcase - recent publication by dr. tony sanfillipo 

time showcase, time news | 29 aug 24












 this months time showcase - recent publication by dr. maha othman  

time showcase, time news | 29 aug 24












 dermatology division chair transition 

general dom news & events | 17 jul 24












 this months time showcase - recent publication by drs. jocelyn garland and m. khaled shamseddin 

time showcase, time news | 27 jun 24












 time hall of fame features publication by dr. akihiro nakamura 

time hall of fame, time news | 06 jun 24












 this months time showcase - recent publication by dr. ramana appireddy 

time showcase, time news | 31 may 24












 dr. caitlyn vlasschaert receives governor general's academic gold medal 

time news, tmed blog | 30 may 24












 time hall of fame features publication by dr. diane lougheed 

time hall of fame, time news | 27 may 24












 respirology and sleep medicine division chair transition 

general dom news & events | 23 may 24












 this months time showcase - recent publication by dr. lysa boisse lomax and dr. gavin winston 

time showcase, time news | 30 apr 24








 time/uhkf incubator grants | dom internal research grants | jas fellowship - now live! 

time news | 23 apr 24












 this months time showcase - recent publication by dr. aki nakamura and dr. tanveer towheed 

time showcase, time news | 28 mar 24












 feature: international women's day - dr. sonja molin 

general dom news & events | 28 mar 24












load more




 






rounds - calendar


view full calendar


 








 


















































contact us


department of medicine, school of medicine

(613) 533-2967

medicine@queensu.ca











































