








music festivals - musical events tours
































































musical events tours














search for:


 



home
about us
all events
reviews
contact us
 


















 
full 2music festivals around the worldwe will select for you the best music event, which you will remember for a lifetimesee all eventsfull 2music festivals around the worldwe will select for you the best music event, which you will remember for a lifetimesee all events 





music festivals




montreux jazz festival in 2021, the date is july 2.



neversea festival in 2021, the date is july 7.



gothic music and culture festival in leipziga in 2021 the date is may 21



international guitar festival in argentina in 2021 the date is october 7



all events


news
strategic spending for music career developmentstepping into the world of music is like embarking on a thrilling voyage across uncharted territories. it’s a journey fueled […]
crafting your music brand: identity and audience engagementin today’s overflowing music landscape, distinguishing yourself as an artist is more crucial than ever. the journey of a musician […]
the impaсt of musiс festivals on loсal wildlifemusiс festivals, сelebrated for their vibrant energy, eсleсtiс sounds, and сommunal spirit, often сreate temporary worlds where art, сulture, and […]


the brightest music festivals
we’ve gathered all kinds of music festivals for you – european and american, large-scale ones with a huge number of stages and names, and very small ones, legendary and those whose history is not even five years old. this summer there are more venues than usual, and the music is varied – from indie and electronica to heavy metal and classical.


concert tours



andré rieu. vienna, austria
03.06-05.06.2021
cost: 850$



avril lavigne. head above water tour. vienna, austria
18.03 – 20.03.2021
cost: 800$



rammstein: europe stadium tour. tallinn, estonia
21.07 – 23.07.2021 
cost: 1000$



all events



want to be the first to know about our new tours, promotions and discounts?
then sign up for our email newsletter

sign up



music tours
music festivals have become a good excuse to visit another country, an exciting trip. electronic music, jazz, rock and other festivals are held in different countries. wise operators gather fans and organize trips to significant events.

modern tourism
from the simple pilgrimage and excursions tourism has evolved into a mass of directions and forms. there are even tours for extreme tourists and shopaholics. there is tourism, based on certain events. these include music festivals and competitions.
a group of fans goes on an organized trip to actually participate in the performance of their idol. this is beneficial and comfortable for everyone: for operators and tourists.
music festival rallies fans of a particular genre, completely immersed in an atmosphere of happiness and mental comfort. and for the artist, it is the best way to ensure his fame.
most famous
grand music events are held in all corners of the world, have a schedule and a bright focus.
many are dedicated to electronic music (sonar, “electic daisy carnival” in mexico, “ultra” in florida). imagination festival, tomorrowland in belgium, jazz and heritage festival in new orleans are well known. many dream to visit coachella in california, rock in rio de janeiro, summerfest in wisconsin.

the mawazine festival in morocco attracted over a million visitors. the largest is considered the austrian festival “donauinselfetst”, which can bring up to three million people. contest music is the main driver of the event. most often it is electronic music or rock.
music contests and festivals are common in all corners of the world. it could be america, india or islands in the pacific ocean. the tourist will have the perfect excuse to visit an unfamiliar place with double the benefits.
after all, there are unknown corners that deserve our attention. the traveler will immerse himself in the world of his favorite music and learn many interesting things about the area. it happens that the listener discovers new sides of a certain musical direction.
and the atmosphere and positive aura gives a burst of creativity and inspiration.



not for everyone
music tourism has its own specific and narrow audience. it is determined by the nature of the event and the musical direction. but it is a mistake to assume that such shows are attended only by young people.
at the festival of jazz or serious music you can meet tourists with gray hair and in age. often go to such tours for company, making a pleasant experience for a companion, fiancé or a close friend.
but these events are always attended by those who are not chasing savings, throwaway offers and sales from tour operators.


it is important to remember
any music festivals around the world are not just for the sake of creativity and creativity, but for a decent income. this obliges each visitor to have the appropriate amount and be prepared to spend.
experienced travelers always stock up on everything they need at home; medicine, flash drives, batteries, tissues are better to buy in advance. your phone should have a good supply of finances for an emergency call in case of an emergency. always stick to the team and be on the lookout for a supervisor.


inflow is trusted by leading brands like:







































































search for:



 

about musical events tours musical events tours is group and individual travel to music events outside of the country.
the main value of our services is a full package of necessary attributes for carefree attendance of your favorite musical event.

 


events


strategic spending for music career development


crafting your music brand: identity and audience engagement


the impaсt of musiс festivals on loсal wildlife


unveiling the unheard: exploring unique music festivals beyond the mainstream


 

navigation menuhome
about us
all events
reviews
contact us
 






         ekko by keydesign. all rights reserved.       










enquire now

              give us a call or fill in the form below and we will contact you. we endeavor to answer all inquiries within 24 hours on business days.            



(222) 400-630



contact@ekko.com






 
×








