


















 home | department of mathematics | illinois








        skip to main content
      








college of liberal arts & sciences

department of mathematics





apply
make a gift




admissions


undergraduate admissions


graduate admissions


undergraduate financial aid


visit illinois




academics


undergraduate program


graduate program


currently offered courses


netmath online courses


register for math courses


convocation information




research


research areas


undergraduate research opportunities


internship network in the mathematical sciences (inmas)


illinois journal of mathematics


arthur b. coble memorial lectures


tondeur lectures in mathematics




people


faculty


graduate students


administration & staff


committees


honors & awards




resources


facility operations


business office


communications office


it services & updates


human resources


mathematics library


department resources




alumni


giving


mathematics development advisory board


alumni awards


alumni news & events


get involved


update your information




about


news


newsletters


calendar


diversity & inclusion


department history


history of altgeld hall


careers















 

mathematics at illinois


undergraduate program


graduate program





 

block reference



news



 


read article: new cohort of gaann fellows now at work


new cohort of gaann fellows now at work


the department of mathematics recently earned a graduate assistance in areas of national need (gaann) grant. the three-year, $1 million grant will provide fellowships to several phd students every year. the first cohort of gaann fellows includes: derya asaner, connor grady, doron grossman-naples,...







 


read article: department of mathematics welcomes new staff for spring 2025


department of mathematics welcomes new staff for spring 2025


the department of mathematics is excited to announce that we have three new staff members joining us this spring 2025 semester. victoria prince is our new associate director of netmath, a newly created position that will be assisting partha dey, our current director of netmath, in expanding the...












 

block reference







 


read article: mathematics in your hands: mathematics library joins 100th anniversary of the main library building


mathematics in your hands: mathematics library joins 100th anniversary of the main library building


on november 15, 2024, the mathematics library participated in a celebration for the 100th anniversary of the main library building and the dedication of the shebik family reading room, hosted by the university library...







 


read article: new graduate leadership 2024


new graduate leadership 2024


the department of mathematics is excited to introduce new leadership for our graduate program. traditionally, the graduate program has only had one leadership position, the director of graduate studies (dgs). as we continue to grow our department, this year we have implemented a new position,...







 


read article: mathematics development advisory board holds 15th annual meeting


mathematics development advisory board holds 15th annual meeting


on october 4th, 2024, the mathematics development advisory board convened at alice campbell alumni center in urbana, il for its 15th annual meeting.

the mdab is comprised of several uiuc mathematics alumni who collaborate with las advancement officers and special liaisons from the math department...






read more news








 

upcoming events




view all events













title
campaign for altgeld and illini halls




body
the university of illinois has embarked on a project to restore and renovate altgeld hall and replace its neighbor across wright street, illini hall, with a new building. an investment in these spaces will directly benefit thousands of students and faculty members. the renovation of altgeld and a new illini hall will provide students and faculty collaborative spaces that are essential for learning and discovery in the 21st century and make both buildings accessible to all students.



give to the campaign













department of mathematics

                  273 altgeld hall
              
1409 w. green street (mc-382)
        urbana,
                 il
                   61801
        
217-333-3350
email: math@illinois.edu



facebook
youtube
linkedin



college of liberal arts & sciences





additional resources


department login


undergraduate advising


faculty & staff resources


illinois a-z index & directory


















additional links

about cookies
privacy policy
© 2025 university of illinois board of trustees
login













