



































    beach house rental | homosassa, fl | playa miguel beach houses
  















              

  


     813-783-5034manager@playamiguel.com




       home



  online booking and rates



  contact us



  privacy policy












    
 





         

call us now!




   playa miguel beach houses 
roatán, honduras bay islands


   

online booking & availability


 



   privately owned beach houses on roatán's  south shorea private and secure getaway for ocean lovers. just steps away from coco view resort, the world respected scuba and snorkel resort since 1982along with our neighbor coco view resort,  our privately owned oceanfront homes offer ocean lovers all that roatan has to offer and quite a bit more. with a fabulous coral reef located just outside our front door, scuba divers and snorkelers love us. as does anyone who takes their relaxation, hammocking, and just plain getting away seriously. each house is roomy, fully furnished, well-equipped, comfortable, convenient, quiet and private. our home owners are proud of their little place in paradise. our great local team manager and staff do their very best to live by the mantra: "mi casa es tu casa." playa miguel is perfect for couples, families, small or large groups , or anyone who prefers to vacation "at your own pace in your own place."
 



   just a short beach walk or bicycle ride to famous coco view resort.learn more about each of our homes by clicking the photos below.     

  casa sonrisa, bh5
  

button




  

  casa de mi suenos, bh7
  

button




  

  casa cielo, bh8
photo by: john doe
  

button




  

  la casita, bh9
  

button




  

  casa manana, bh10
  

button




  

  casa flamenco, bh12
  

button










   

 included amenities no matter which beach house you choose, you’ll find that each one is roomy, fully furnished, comfortable, convenient and private, making them excellent for either families or small groups of friends. here are all the lovely things that you will be provided when you stay at one of our beach houses.      included amenities and services

   




   coco view resort pass includes round trip airport transfers, gear locker on the boat dock, water taxi, beach and resort access, admission to entertainment and lectures and moreall linens and bath towelsdaily maid servicebicycle usestarter pack (includes the basics for a carefree vacation: coffee maker and coffee, popcorn and popper, paper towels, bottled water, soap, utensils etc.)full kitchen with stoves, pots and pans, coffee maker and more (varies by house)outdoor showersinternet service




   optional additions

   




   golf cart rentalgroceries, beverages and provisions can be waiting purchases and waiting. scuba package with coco view resortmeal plan with coco view resortscuba instruction and gear rental with dockside dive centerisland tours, car rentals, fishing trips and more.









     


call us today to learn more about our rental properties. 813-783-5034   

contact us








        

call us now!




    

    





 u.s. reservations and home owners association 813-783-5034 manager@playamiguel.comprivacy policy



    created with

















































































































  
  share by:










