











home | hand in hand homeschool











































































































 




skip to content









facebooktwitterpinterestlinkedin 

alessa.education@gmail.com 



 















homeschoolgifted educationspecial educationservicesabout


search for:












 











homeeditor2022-03-21t21:38:37-04:00 






















homeschool help
hand in hand homeschool believes that all parents should be able to access free and reliable information to help them along their child’s educational journey. you’ll find countless articles on our website – all free to read, with no forms to fill out, newsletters to subscribe to, or pop-up ads to close.
should you find yourself still having questions, we offer an array of services.









private consultations: schedule a 1:1 in-person, telephone, or video-conference meeting to help you start homeschooling or to assist you in putting together a learning plan for your child.

iep advocacy services: add a professional advocate to your iep team to help you better understand evaluation reports and services you can request at your next meeting

defense team assistance: bring on board an established and qualified educational expert witness to assist with your divorce or custody cases – or with criminal matters that involve mitigating educational issues.












hand in hand featured in the news




homeschooling
whether you’re just starting to homeschool or in the midst of high school, begin your journey here.
special education
what normal difficulties do children face when learning – and when should you seek outside help?
gifted education
discover how to support your child’s to learn at a faster and deeper pace to satisfy their thirst for knowledge.









the beauty of homeschooling lies in the ability to individualize your child’s education to best fit their needs. when those needs change, your homeschool options can easily change, also.
with 20 years of experience, hand in hand can help your family find the answers you need to support your child’s educational journey.



























last modified on march 21, 2022 


 
 





contact hand in hand
e-mail: alessa.education (at) gmail.com
privacy policy 





 
 
 





		© 2019 hand in hand homeschool	

 
 
 
 


 
 



















 






























































































































































 
 


