

railway history home page












please note: most of the below links no longer work due to engrailhistory.info being taken over by 
someone else. we have not been able to reach mike to find out what should be done with his original site. 


for the time being his pages on this site have been indexed at http://internationalsteam.co.uk/tales/mhr.htm 
and should remain available indefinitely. - 08/30/19 henry 









welcome to a



                  bygone age..........
this site will



                  take you back in time, to an age where only the



                  rich could own a car or fly. the train was the only



                  way many people could travel. so let me take you



                  back in time to the mid 1930's, a time long ago



                  where trains and steam power were still king



                  .....
here you will find facts and stories



                  about railways, trains, locomotives and the railway



                  engineers, who built and ran them. all of the items



                  on these pages date from 1935/6, or before, so



                  please note that over the years since then the



                  names of certain countries, towns and cities may



                  have changed. all place names on this site are as



                  they were in 1935 and all pages are set in that



                  year and should be viewed in that context.
some pages on this site are very



                  large, up to 60k text, and graphics up to 400k.



                  please bear this in mind as pages are downloading -



                  they really are worth waiting for.
full page index & site search.
new pages will be added as and when



                  time permits me to transfer them on to this site,



                  so if you are interested come back every couple of



                  weeks or so to see what has been added.
if you run a rail related web site,



                  consider joining the railway



                  sitering to increase your site traffic and



                  spread the word.
enjoy your trip back to



                  1935 - "right away !"
contents of this site and that of mike's engineering wonders are combining into one site and are being hosted on an ultrafast solid state server, rather than hdd servers. all pages will be transferred over the next few weeks....why not give it a visit... www.engrailhistory.info 

please help me maintain this site...





many thanks for your help


share this page on facebook  - share

visit www.engrailhistory.info
pages on aviation, engineering, railways and shipping from the 1930's
engrailhistory
latest additions to engrailhistory
a railway of the far north. the white pass and yukon railway.
modern passenger rolling stock luxury and comfort in to-day's rail transport
britain's inland system the influence of the midland upon present-day practice
herbert akroyd stuart recognition of the genius of herbert akroyd stuart, who died in 1927, is unaccountably tardy, but he it was who evolved and first put into practical form the principle of airless injection in oil engines.
building the statue of liberty the colossal figure which stands at the entrance to new york harbour was a gift from the people of france to the people of the united states. it is made of riveted metal sections and sixty men were occupied for ten years in building it.
milling of flour, the the picturesque windmills of the past have been superseded by huge modern mills. in the flour mill of to-day the wheat undergoes a number of operations in which separators, dust collectors, mellowing bins, conditioners, sifters, purifiers and other machines play their part.
ship stabilizing fin
fight against floods, the the engineer is continually battling against the titanic might of the mississippi river. the problem has proved too formidable for local effort, and its solution is reorganization under national control.
vehicles driven by gas increasing use is being made to-day of gas for propelling motor lorries and cars. the gas is generated on the vehicles themselves from solid fuel such as charcoal or coke, and road tests have proved the producer-gas method of propulsion to be efficient and economical.
europe's longest swing bridge across the firth of forth at kincardine is a magnificent road bridge whose central span, 364 feet long, is pivoted on a central pier. this span is opened by electric controls to allow ths passage of shipping.
canning the nations' food the development of the canning industry in recent years has entailed a remarkable increase in the manufacture of tinplate, which is made from steel into containers of every shape and size.
engineering wonders page index









my youtube channel









mike's



                           railway history links




add



                           a free link to your website



                           now!



                           railway related sites only



                           please.....







main page index &



         site search.
mp3



         downloads









the railway



                  sitering
formerly "the railway



                  webring"




                  this site owned by
michael



                  j. irlam 
a non yahoo



                  webring











the history



                  webring
site



                  owned by
michael



                  j. irlam



previous |



                  list sites |



                  next |



                  join
previous 5 |



                  random |



                  next 5



powered by crickrock



                  webrings







the old buffers site



                  ring
this site owned by
michael



                  j. irlam 









the



                  railroad webring
former members of



                  this ring are invited to join
the



                  railway webring



veiw / sign guestbook

free



         downloads for windows



         95/98/me/2000/xp/vista
g.w. "king's"



         screen saver
l.n.e.r "a4" screen



         saver

your comments



         on this site are always welcome.








updated 01/2012





