





pathmed - supplements, nutrition & fitness resources




















































skip to content 


menu 
about
editorial principles
privacy
contact us
 







 
 
menu 




menu 
weight loss

reviews

phenq review
night shred review
modere trim review
purelean reviews
phenq vs leanbean
trimtone review
lady boss lean review
leanbean review
keto xo review
ultratox review
ketocharge review
k3 spark mineral review
razalean review


best thermogenic fat burners
best fat burners for women
best fat burners for men
best night time fat burners
cutting supplements
best pre workout fat burners
metabolism boosters


testosterone

best testosterone boosters
t resources

does soy lower testosterone?
does testosterone make you taller?
does l-arginine increase testosterone?


hunter test review
testoprime review
testofuel review
testogen review
prime male review
test boost max review


nootropics

best nootropics & brain supplements
natural adderall alternatives
alpha brain review
noocube review
mind lab pro review
mindlab pro vs noocube


joint health

relief factor review


nutrition

all supplement reviews
best greens powders

athletic greens vs supergreen tonik
athletic greens vs organifi
athletic greens review
supergreen tonik review 
balance of nature review


karma probiotic water review
ryze mushroom coffee review
super greens & weight loss
vitamin b6 & weight loss
ashwagandha & testosterone for women?


 












pathmed

your pathway to health & fitness




welcome to pathmed – supplements, nutrition & fitness
pathmed is an online resource dedicated to un-blurring the lines between health and fitness and nutrition and supplementation using science to support our recommendations. 
our team is made up of personal trainers, nutritionists and fitness enthusiasts who all have one goal in common – to bring you honest and well researched information around supplementation, nutrition and fitness.
there is a greater awareness now more than ever of the need to balance exercise with a well rounded diet but it is easy to be taken in by misinformation through social media platforms and marketing of products. we aim to break down the barriers and provide suggestions to help you meet your health and fitness aims through our guides and supplement reviews.
below you can find some of our latest posts, but be sure to use the menu to browse information that is relevant to your health goals.
if you cannot find what you are looking for if you have any questions about the products we recommend (or those that we don’t) then please feel free to reach out to us – details are on our contact us page.

our supplement articles














our supplement reviews



























































































































 













 

quick linkstestosterone boosters
thermogenic fat burners
night time fat burners
metabolism boosters
nootropics
 


contact:

pathmed, 200 chambers st, new york, ny 10007, united states

email: support@pathmed.com
 






					© 2023 pathmed - all rights reserved - privacy policy











