


manos de oaxaca - oaxacan hands




tour schedule - traditions mexico tours










our workshops and backcactus tours 


 introduction to the workshops and backcactus tours


 2009-2010 schedule


registration


general trip information 


survivor's testimonials


the staff of traditions mexico  


about traditions mexico 


a primer on mexican bus travel 


festivals and celebrations 


michoacán arts and the great easter market


zapotec festival, el rosario


the return of the souls . . .day of the dead in backcactus oaxaca


pottery


 oaxacan clay workshop 


the potters of michoacán


fiber arts 


fiber arts of the oaxacan south coast 


fiber arts of the oaxacan highlands 


zapotec tapestry  workshop  


murex, cochineal, and indigo! oaxaca natural dye workshop


mayan fibers and culture


highland maya backstrap weaving and dyeing workshop


mixed arts 


oaxaca in images - a photography workshop 


flavors of oaxaca, a culinary tour with professional chef scott thornton 


custom trips 


we can design a trip just for you 





there is a place in the far south of mexico 


anos de oaxaca 
 oaxacan hands ... 
the hands of the potter, carver, and weaver.
this website exists to celebrate the potters  of southern mexico.
 
 
 
the knowledge and life ways in 
              the pottery villages have existed as such for thousands of years, a type of 
              sustainability rare in the human world. as the industrial world moves into oaxaca 
              and neighboring states with its plastic buckets and aluminum pans, these articles are disappearing. through 
              our workshops, cultural tours,  and this website we hope to lend 
              a hand to the culture of pottery and other arts by giving these artisans the 
          opportunity to continue with their ancient trade.
through this website you may take a tour of pottery villages, learn about the potters, read a journal of adventures in oaxaca, see the detailed pottery-making methods, and view the huge variety of pottery styles. and we have a few galleries of beautiful photographs. 
all of this, of course, is designed to instill in you an insatiable desire to visit this wondrous land. 
if you are considering a trip to mexico beyond the coastal resorts and umbrella drinks, visits with artisans provide a rich touchstone into their homes and culture. the links in the left sidebar will take you to our companion website, traditionsmexico.com, and its delectable menu of workshops and cultural tours. 
 
 


 
 












workshops 
        and journeys


contents


the 
        potters of oaxaca


tales 
        from the south


links


pottery




photographs

afrocaribbean
      music festival 




talk 
        to us

 

home 
        






copyright 
        © 1995-2008 tony and eric mindling












