





middle atlantic archaeological conference















middle 
		atlantic archaeological conference













2020 middle atlantic archaeological conference has been cancelled.














   
		
		
   
		
		
    
		
		
    
		
		

    
		
		
   
		
		
   

		
   

		
  
		
		





   
				

middle atlantic 
				archaeological conference student committee is now on facebook   
				          maac                  
				  
				#maacsc_students 
				








 entire 
				back issues as well as individual articles of journal of 
				middle atlantic archaeology are available as pdfs.
 

				think of the paper that you were going to present at the spring 
				archaeology meeting. with so many public events being curtailed, 
				postponed, or cancelled, now would be a good time to make it 
				into a manuscript to submit for publication. journal of 
				middle atlantic archaeology is now accepting manuscripts for 
				volume 37 for 2021. contact the editor, 


				roger moeller.
				
publication 
				guidelines
 


maac is transitioning to 
					wild apricot, a membership management software package, to 
					handle dues collection and events. the current web site will 
					continue for some record keeping and archival functions. 
					current information will be available at this link:



					https://maac10.wildapricot.org/conference


 









maac’s statement on 
	supporting a regional approach to sea level rise and the threat to coastal 
	archaeological resources



the maac meeting student 
	scholarship fund has been established to pay registration and membership 
	fees for student participants at the annual meeting. 

more details

welcome





	we meet annually, in early spring, for three days of papers, discussion 
	groups, special workshops, our business meeting, and, of course, a party to 
	catch up on what all our colleagues have been doing for the past year! 

anyone interested in the archaeology of the area from new york to virginia, 
and from the atlantic coast to west virginia, is welcome. you do not have to be 
a member to register for the conference and hear about the latest of a wide 
variety of archaeological sites dating from the earliest paleo-indian sites to 
20th-century sites, and of all site types, from small single-use native american 
procurement sites and large village sites, to historic period urban, rural, 
industrial, diverse ethnic and immigrant sites, and underwater sites. come join 
us! 

mission statement

to provide a yearly conference and a professional journal for archaeologists, 
both avocational and professional, working in the middle atlantic area: a place 
to meet, discuss problems and issues, present recent work, and socialize with 
our colleagues. 
 

 



copyright 
©2020 middle atlantic 
archaeological conference.  all rights 
reserved.
free dhtml scripts provided by

dynamic drive









 





