  bionic capital wealth management | go bionic. | 310-734-8500     
 



310-734-8500
dean@bioniccapital.com



homeinvestment servicesfinancial domainsabout bioniccontact us
select page
bionic capital wealth managementautomated investing. personalized advice.bionic features advanced automated investing and expert, personalized financial advice. because we are independent, we can offer the best investing solutions at the lowest cost. clients pay only 0.57% per annum based on assets managed or as low as 0.33% when choosing a treasury & cd portfolio (minimums may apply). check your savings here.do better. go bionic®.investment strategiesactively managed etfsactively managed etf portfolios are diversified investment portfolios from blackrock, jp morgan, fidelity, and invesco. these tax-aware portfolios efficiently help you reach long-term investing goals. portfolios are managed by 55ip, a jpmorgan company, or intelliflo advisers, an invesco company.annual fee rate = 0.57%. ($100,000 minimum)treasuries and cdstreasury and cd portfolios consist of government-backed fixed-income securities and certificates of deposits managed by bionic capital. these portfolios are for investors who desire guaranteed interest returns with low price volatility. cash flows are reinvested or sent to your bank account at your option.annual fee rate = 0.33%. ($500,000 minimum)bionic portfoliosbionic® portfolios target returns using a mixture of securities, including, but not limited to, stocks, bonds, and etfs. managed by bionic capital, these portfolios are managed to limit realized gains and to optimize cash flows per individual needs.annual fee rate = 0.57%. ($1,000,000 minimum)utilizing 55ip, a jp morgan company, and intelliflo, an invesco company, our clients receive each company’s superior digital trading and portfolio management capabilities. further, we use irebal from schwab institutional to create and trade personalized bionic® portfolios. schwab institutional, a division of charles schwab & co., is our primary asset custodian due to its breadth of capabilities and offerings, but we also access interactive brokers and altruist.our missionour mission is to help you grow and protect your wealth so that you can achieve your financial goals. whether you’re starting your investment journey or looking to optimize your portfolio, we will guide you every step of the way. experience the future of wealth management with bionic capital.our methodologyonce we’ve analyzed your needs, goals, and risk preferences, we determine your investor risk profile. we then recommend a specific investment strategy for you. with your approval, we implement your strategy, or engage 55ip or intelliflo advisers. your account is updated whenever your selected model is updated. we monitor every portfolio and initiate changes when your needs or market conditions dictate.
start a free financial planelearn morerautomated digital investingstate-of-the-art technology from our custodians and asset managers helps us help you.r25+ years experienceowner-manager dean erickson, cfa has over 25 years of experience in the wealth management field.ra team of expertsbionic capital utilizes multiple outside experts to keep your fees low and opportunities for success high.save more. invest more.normal fee rates are 0.33% to 0.57% annually.click here to calculate your savings.you shouldn’t pay for our overhead, so you don’t.
view investment servicescall us(310) 734-8500email usdean@bioniccapital.comfrequently askedwhy should we choose bionic over a big firm?when offering investment advice, independence is critical. many wirehouse advisors have revenue quotas to meet and overhead to cover. they may be pressured to sell products, ipos, and secondary offerings. sometimes you may benefit, and often you will not. either way, we do not sell anything other than service for advising you and managing your investments. because we are independent, we can provide access to the best asset managers and technology providers in the world. importantly, we commit to the lowest fee rates possible, rather than the highest we can get. it’s your money, it’s your choice.who will manage my portfolio?55ip, a jpmorgan company, and intelliflo advisers, an invesco company, manage most portfolios. your investment strategy will be selected from model portfolios from jpmorgan, blackrock, invesco, and others, based on your particular needs, goals, and risk tolerances. when a model changes, relevant trades are made in your account. most clients will benefit from 55ip and intelliflo advisers.as a chartered financial analyst for over thirty years, dean is experienced in managing investment portfolios. he manages bionic portfolios and treasury and cd portfolios and oversees every portfolio.what type of accounts are available?bionic capital manages any account type that our custodian schwab institutional accepts, which includes taxable accounts, 401ks, iras, roth and sep iras, personal trusts, and foundations. we engage third-party managers like 55ip and intelliflo to manage tax-aware etf portfolios at no extra charge.to further facilitate tax management for high-net-worth clients, we offer low-cost, managed variable annuities from nationwide as a tax-deferral option. our fees are the same for any account type but may differ based on strategy. we determine the best account types to hold specific investments to manage taxes and improve your odds of financial success.disclaimernothing on this site should be considered tax, legal, insurance, or investment advice. decisions based on information on this website are the sole responsibility of the person viewing the site. you agree to hold bionic capital llc, its officers, employees, and independent contractors, harmless against any and all claims, losses, liability, and expenses arising from its use.investing risksthe value of an investment may go up or down. an investor may not receive the amount initially invested, and income, if any, may fluctuate. past performance is not necessarily indicative of future returns. potential clients should consider their investment objectives and constraints, among other things, before investing. contact dean erickson, cfa at (310) 734-8500 for a discussion of risks.company brochureclick here to read our company’s 2024 brochure to learn more about how we conduct our business. you can also learn more about us on the sec website.contact usbionic capital llc
investment advisor
crd #150240registered office:
7901 4th st n – #20028
st. petersburg, fl 33702email: dean@bioniccapital.com
phone: (310) 734-8500important linkslearndisclosuresschwab client logincontact usfinancial domainstrademarksbionic and options-enhanced are each registered trademarks for “financial services, namely, investment advice, investment management, investment consultation, and investment of funds for others, including private and public equity and debt investment services.”bionic is also a registered trademark for “banking services.”please respect our trademarks.more linksbionic advisorbionic sharesbionic fundscopyright bionic capital llc. all rights reserved.we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy


close
privacy overviewthis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.


necessary							

necessary
always enabled
necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.

non-necessary							

non-necessary
any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
save & accept


