







eyemasters






























































































cart
















0
















              home
            

            frames
          

            lenses
          

            bespoke
          



            catalogue
          

            sales
          

            about
          
















































cart
















0











homeframeslensesbespoke











cataloguesalesabout









scroll
















 







 









  

a highly personalised approach to frames, lenses and specialist eyewear.eyemasters specialises in dispensing both unusual and regular optical frames with prescription lenses of all types to consumers who bring their prescriptions. we offer a personal service and a ‘one on one’ consultation at a time to suit the customer, by appointment at our studio.

 

< frames  |  lenses >











eyemasters studio




“we stock a different and varied range of frames.”




read our reviews >*****









 

 we couple our expansive range with a fair and transparent pricing policy, ensuring complete satisfaction for the discerning spectacle wearer.eyemasters also offers a bespoke frame service, meaning that we can provide specifically manufactured frames to each customers’ individual requirements. our emphasis is on quality of both advice and product, coupled with a determination to ensure the customer leaves with a pair of well made glasses that both fit and look good. 

 


    book appointment
  











eyemasters store




“the frames you choose are part of your identity,look for exceptional - not average.”




browse our collection >









 

a selection of our favourite contemporary and handmade frameswe are often asked for specific frames from our collections that are not readily available elsewhere… we accept that our location can be difficult to reach, so we also offer a selected range of frames from our online catalogue for order.these are available as ‘frame only’ (for you to have glazed by your local laboratory). we may be able to assist you to find the nearest prescription lens supplier if necessary.

 


    online catalogue
  









 

the latest  

 


“we like to keep you updated with our news.”




see the latest from eyemasters social feeds >











section 1



about



quote 1



about 2



quote 2



offering



social










contact  |  privacyinstagram  |  facebook





eyemasters
inishwood, pett road, pett, east sussex,
tn35 4hb,
united kingdom
+44 (0) 7768 056 902
richard@eyemasters.co.uk


hours
mon 9am - 9pm 
tue 9am - 9pm 
wed 9am - 9pm 
thu 9am - 9pm 
fri 9am - 9pm 
sat 9am - 9pm 
sun 9am - 9pm 












