


 














 embassy of ghana netherlands - ghana embassy the hague, ghana embassy netherlands, ghanaian embassy netherlands 
	embassy website











 

 +31 (0) 70 3384 384



|

info@ghanaembassy.nl 
















  








home (current)


the mission

the ambassador
diplomatic staff
opening hours
public holidays
history of the embassy
ghanaian community
job opportunities




consular section

passport and visa application
travel certificates
consular documents application
renunciation of ghana citizenship
ghanaian citizens registration
consular assistance
police clearance
press accreditation form


faqs
how to ..... videos



trade

start a business


trade and investment 

setting up business in ghana
export market opportunities
investment incentives
trade policies



private sector 

association of ghana industries 
association of ghana exporters
private enterprise federation


due diligence for purchase of gold





about ghana


 ghana at a glance

tourism
ghana immigration service 






media center

news
events
photo gallery
videos



resources


useful links



contact us


                     covid-19






 
 application procedure video  





























click here for passport and visa application






apply now















welcome to the embassy of ghana in the hague, netherlands

the republic of ghana and the netherlands have retained largely uninterrupted and cordial relations since 1701 and throughout the political changes in ghana to date.  the two countries established formal diplomatic relations with resident missions in each other’s capital after ghana’s independence in 1957. from 1982 to 1997, ghana closed down its mission in the hague due to a re-alignment exercise of ghana’s diplomatic missions at the ...
                read more






                consular services
      
            
             the consular section will do everything they can to help you. please note that we offer appropriate help based on individual circumstances.

            







passport & visa application
apply online...!!











travel certificates	
a travel certificate is usually issued to a ghanaian national, who is not in possession of a passport, but must travel to ghana at short notice or in an emergency.











registration of ghanaian citizens
the registration of ghanaians is encouraged











consular documents application
apply online now...!!!











police clearance
police clearance is issued to all ghanaians upon request, i.e. those living at home (residents) or abroad (non-residents)











renunciation of ghana citizenship
the embassy wishes to inform the general public that with immediate effect, renunciation fees has been reviewed to four hundred euros (€400.00)













mission news

view all 





jan 14


upcoming trade exhibitions and fairs in ghana
ghana trade fair company limited invites all interested companies to register and participate in the upcoming events:
  ... 
read more




apr 25


courtesy call on ambassador f.d. kotia, permanent representative by her excellency mrs. nicole shampaine, ambassador and permanent representative of the united states to the opcw,  at the chancery in april 2024.
courtesy call on ambassador f.d. kotia, permanent representative by her excellency mrs. nicole shampaine, ambassador and ... 
read more





about ghana

foreign ministry ghana at a glance ghana immigration service  ghana tourism read more 







                        opening hours: 9:00 - 16:00  consular section from 10:00 - 14:00 (consular section is closed on wednesdays)the embassy is open to the general public from monday to friday.
 



                    visits to the consular section will be by online appointment only.         +31 (0) 70 3384 384	 consular@ghanaembassy.nl 








consular services

passport & visa application  travel certificates	  registration of ghanaian citizens  consular documents application  police clearance  renunciation of ghana citizenship  



website links

home 
the embassy 
about 
news 
gallery 
contact us 



about ghana

foreign ministry ghana at a glance ghana immigration service  ghana tourism read more 





call us +31 (0) 70 3384 384



email us
                 info@ghanaembassy.nl
               







copyright © 2025  | all rights reserved  












open modal






 notice   close




         
        


close








