 humankind public radio program, produced by david freudberg                 login podcastaboutabout human mediaabout the producerfrequently asked questionsterms of servicestorieseducating the whole personhistorynatural health & wellnessmanaging your stresspeacemakerspeople who inspireprotecting our planetsimplifying our livessocial conscience & civil rightssolving addiction problemsspiritual practicesvoices young and oldstaff picksfree contenthumankind specialsclassic programscontacthow you can helpfacebooktwitter  the lost causeare we still living with the racial divide left over from the civil war? has it resurfaced today in the rise of white nationalism, election denial and the surge of anti-immigrant sentiment?listen nowour stories  educating the whole person   history   managing your stress   natural health & wellness   peacemakers   people who inspire   protecting our planet   simplifying our lives   social conscience & civil rights   solving addiction problems   spiritual practices   voices young and old recent programsthe lost causeare we still living with the racial divide left over from the civil war? has it resurfaced today in the rise of white nationalism, election denial and the surge of anti-immigrant sentiment?protecting the publicthis is the intriguing story of how, in some venues, public safety is being expanded to include not just police and fire services but also social workers and other professionals.the rights of civilianscan the rule of law protect innocent men, women and children? learn about the international criminal court in the hague. the prosecutor seeks indictments of both hamas and israeli leaders. and hear the history of war crimes tribunals.the diet-climate connectionagriculture is a huge emitter of greenhouse gases associated with climate change. medical experts recommend that our diets emphasize many of the same tasty foods that scientists regard as most climate-friendly.helping prisoners to healmore than a million americans are locked in jails and prisons. helping them recover from earlier trauma can safeguard society. hear the stories of ex-prisoners who've begun to heal, through the inspired work of robin casarjian.the power of nonviolence: seeds of peacehow exactly can we build a future based on understanding and connection among people of diverse backgrounds — rather than prejudice, misinformation and suspicion that are the fuel for violence?staff picksresilient nursesa no-holds-barred look at the stressful conditions in which many nurses work: the long hours, the emotional toll, the rapid pace, and the way that technology and institutional practices can make it hard to form a caring bond with patients.simple relaxation exercisea 15-minute stress reduction session to calm the body and mind.libraries reimaginedin 2019 americans visited the library more often than they went to a movie or attended a sporting event. but far from institutions of the past, libraries today are rapidly evolving, ensuring free access to knowledge and protecting democracy.producer’s notereplacing parking spaces with trees – french-stylethe city of paris, france has done some climate-friendly remodeling, under the government of mayor ann hidalgo. they’ve removed tens of thousands of parking spaces and in their place planted 300 hectares (about 741 acres) of green space. what would joni mitchell have to say about that?supported by listeners like you! and… annie e. casey boston foundation cpb democracy fund grantham hartford henry luce foundation henry p. kendall hewlett johnson, robert wood lilly endowment lintilhac foundation macarthur foundation nih npr park foundation pew pri rrf foundation sloan foundation templeton foundation university of minnesota university of virginiahome.php  humankind public radio and podcastdonateyour tax-deductible
contributions help keep
humankind afloat.
thanks for listening!podcasthumankind on public radiospiritual carerss for humankind on public radioaboutabout human mediaabout the producerfrequently asked questionsterms of servicesponsorscontactstoriesby categoryby personby organizationstaff picksfree contenthumankind specialsclassic programs © 2025 
 humanmedia ® boston-area website design by bkj productions         