




radio-active:  diva on "the next movement"my interview last night on img2.com












































coup2k.comgorewon2000.netjoin the resistancenew recruits click-> herewelcome, mr. presidental gore click -> herebush fan escape hatchconservatives click->here

























   bush brothers banana republic resistance, news, humor and commentary


























resistance dispatchesfriday - june 29, 2001






















radio-active:  diva on "the next movement"my interview last night on img2.com






































site navigator

























visit "the next movement's" archived webcast detail click herego to the streaming audio (for windows media player) click hereread the transcript click herelong beach (coup2k.com) june 29, 2001 - the diva addresses "the next movement's" question of the day:  "are people still pissed off about election 2000?  and do they have reason to be?"thanks to geoff d. of los angelesi recently received an e-mail from geoff d. of los angeles, telling me that "the next movement," denise clay's talk show on img2.com internet radio, was looking for guests to discuss election 2000, and its aftermath.  i immediately dashed off an e-mail, offering to speak on this issue.  (none of you who know me will be at all surprised that i didn't pass up this opportunity to speak out.)the first guestonce i had been confirmed as a guest on the program, i tuned in live to hear the first guest, professor klinkner (sp?).  as i listened along, i was madly scribbling notes -- about all the things he was saying and, more importantly, was not saying, that i was dying to respond to, or to bring up.  it was a long list.there aren't enough minutes...when the second segment of the program began, i glanced down at my notes and realized there wouldn't be enough time to respond to every item on my list, obviously.  instead, i would let denise clay (who i found to be a great interviewer) lead the conversation, and i would try to restrict my remarks to the topics of interest to her and her listeners.what did i say again?much like my experience speaking at voterwest, as soon as the interview was over, i couldn't remember what i had said, and i had no idea whether or not i was effective in relaying my position and concerns.  i would have to wait until the webcast archive went live, to listen back, and see how i did.the link!this morning, in my overflowing inbox, i found the email from img2.com's audio director, jason ramirez, giving me the link to the streaming audio of last night's program.  i bit the bullet, loaded the archived webcast, and kicked back in the bbbr bunker to hear what i had to say on the issue of whether or not people were "still pissed off" about election 2000.diva note:  though i used to be the kind of person that could not stand to hear my recorded voice -- i used to hate it when my answering machine picked up, and i could hear my outgoing message playing -- i have since gotten used to the sound of my recorded voice, and have decided that (just as the camera is said to add 10 pounds to a person's weight), the recorded voice sounds nothing like a person's actual voice! decenti've now listened to last night's program, and i think my segment went well.  it was, just as voterwest was, a first effort in a new medium, so i am sure i will improve with time and practice; but i am satisfied with how the interview went, and i think i made some good points about how we dissenters feel, and what we believe about coup2k.transcript?as soon as i upload this page to the bbbr (coup2k.com), and send out today's listbot, i plan to begin transcribing the show for those resistance fighters who aren't able to listen to the program online.  as soon as i have completed the transcript, i will post it to the bbbr."i am spartacus!"  a call to actioni'd like to encourage everyone who has the opportunity, and feels so inclined, to continue to speak out in whatever venue they are able.  for me, speaking my mind, whether or not i am heard by one or many, is personally very satisfying.  and remember:  we are creating a record of our movement.  this isn't just for today, this is for posterity.  give voice or pen to your thoughts, and wade into the fray!a note about the bbbr bunker inboxi am still reading and responding to the email i received in response to my scada conference report, and i intend to post more of the dispatches from the troops, and to post them soon.  there are wonderful emails i want to post to the bbbr, but it is going to take some time to get caught up.  please be patient as i try to get all of this done.... so, without further ado, here are the links to "the next movement" with denise clay, and the diva (segment ii  begins at time stamp 23:30):visit "the next movement's" archived webcast detail click herego to the streaming audio (for windows media player) click herescada complete  printer friendly versionscada conference debriefing  part iscada conference debriefing  part iiscada conference debriefing  part iiiscada responses (a work in progress)columnist gil christner on the resident ceo











































site search































 

powered by 
freefind

























join e-mail list
































powered by 
listbot


























support this site

































powered by 
paypal





































table of contentsjune, 2001    1    2    3    4    5    6    8  9  14  15  16  18  19  20 21  22  23  25  26  27  29archivesmay 2001      april 2001february - march 2001  precoup2k - january 2001general issue:shop the coup couture mallshirts, mugs & mousepadsbuttons1  buttons2  videofreebies & do-it-yourself:free pc wallpaper!more free wallpaper!bbbr web bannerskillcoup label art   flip bush label artbumpersticker art  mastheads 1   mastheads 2new recruitssite f.a.q. resistance fighter f.a.q.greatest hits of the bbbrmandatory minimumscommunicationsmail  the diva, webmistress get low-volume newslettervisit     newsletter archivesegroup      radio free bbbrfailsafe egroup bbbr livessearch         search the sitebbbr marching orders!  check legitgov.orgvisit the activism hqactions/marches/protests:now! ryob retrospective!6-29/7-1 philly conventionjuly 4th bush in phillyjuly 4th ca energy events7-7 bananas for a monkey7-7 testicular b-day event!humor:  troop moralelaugh at the couphow the dunce stole... gop election victory guidedear diva: jokes mail war!!    the hymnal 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8the quotable gw bushallied forces:graphic links   text linksbbbr web bannerscoup2k intelligence:fl & tx election lawsvotes not countedracial demographicsglobal perspectivesenemy disinformation:rove's forgerythe nixon lie  gop liescommie flag supreme?bush christian testimony?gore biblically illiterate?gore invented internet?no gop florida recounts?contesting results?the bbbr 'aide de camp'internet radio:  radioleftsolidarity:        fringefolkweb links: link crusaderrants:            the bardgalparty:       democrats.combush recon:    bushwatchmedia recon:     buzzflashnews: online j.,am-po-jocommentary:        bartcopthink tank: cm helwig instactivism:  act for changeprotests:             legit govmarch-east:   votermarchmarch-west:     voterwestreform:               fair votemusic parody:   boot newtgreeting cards:  trucardspostcards:         shrubbishdubya diary:        madkane




























ratethe bbbr resistance as a political site
























10- best
9
8
7
6
5
4
3
2
1- worst

























support liberal radio on the net






















shop buttons t-shirts, mugs, mousepads videos






















the activismhq






























e-mail the diva







































takethe democrats.comvoter pledge

























© 2000-2001 gorewon2000.net and coup2k.com. all rights reserved. permission is given for individuals and non-profit web sites to copy and distribute articles provided herein in their original and unaltered form, provided attribution to this site is included. for-profit or print media seeking rights to publish or reprint content should send inquiries to thediva@coup2k.comfair use notice: this site contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. such material is made available in an effort to advance understanding of environmental, political, human rights, economic, democracy, scientific, and social justice issues, etc. it is believed this constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the us copyright law. in accordance with title 17 usc section 107, the material is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving similar information for research and educational purposes.  see:  http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml







































surfthe anti-dubya webring
























a proud member of the anti-dubya webring
site owned and authored by"the diva"

list
|
 stats
|
 join
|
 rand
prev
|
 skip prev
|
 prev 5
next
|
 skip next
|
 next 5
powered by ringsurf!





































