




 







oaktree school - home












































skip to content ↓





menu





change language








search











high visibility








website menu




homeabout usstaffgovernorsfriends of oaktree school (foos)key informationsafeguarding childrenoutreachchallenge partners school reviewadmissionsdfepoliciesofstedpupil premium and catchuppe and sports premiumwork experience and travel trainingnews & eventscalendarlatest newsnewslettersstudent voicecurriculumcurriculumour special educational need and disability (send)exams and qualificationssixth formsixth formcareers guidance  careers brochureparentsinternet safetyattendanceearly birdsparent payschool menuterm datestimings of the school dayuniformtravel assistancecontact us






    




oaktree school





 listen to our podcast here: news and events - latest news..... half term week 17 - 21 feb.....24 feb inset day school closed...... parent consultation will take place in the afternoon in person and virtual..... 




    welcome    welcome   as headteacher, i am delighted to welcome you to our vibrant school community. at oaktree school, our mission is to support students to connect to their greatness. we believe that each child possesses unique strengths and potential, and it’s our mission to help them discover and develop these gifts & quote.  our dynamic and engaging curriculum is designed not only to educate, but also to inspire and support student growth and development. we offer a supportive environment where studentscan explore their passions, embrace their individuality, and grow into the people they aspire to be. our goal is to help our students build the confidence to live life to the fullest.our highly skilled and supportive staff are dedicated to fostering life-changing relationships with both students and their peers. through personalised learning and nurturing connections, wehelp every child reach their full potential.by working closely with families and the community, we ensure that every child has the opportunity to flourish. thank you for visiting our website. i look forward to welcoming you to oaktree school in person.read more      news    news    3 oaktree students 25th june 2024  view more news      calendar    calendar   half term17th february 2025school closed am inside pm parent consultation24th february 2025easter holiday 7th april 2025 view more dates      quicklinks    quicklinks     





log in |
©2025 oaktree school |
school website by  juniper websites |
high visibility version |
accessibility statement |
sitemap |
privacy policy
cookie settings





top









        cookie policy this site uses cookies to store information on your computer. click here for more informationallow cookiescookie settings     




