


arrow moccasin company
















be sure to visit our on-line order pages

click here to visit our faq page

check out our k9 products

just one of our many handcrafted styles

for you to choose from.


arrow moccasin company has offered the finest quality for over forty-five
years. we are a small family owned and oriented business established in 1951.
ron ouellette [ pronounced "wool-let" ] was employed in
1951 as a bootmaker for "old
sturbridge village" of sturbridge, massachusetts. with over forty-five
years of experience, ron says:



"i was making moccasins then, as i am now.




i'm a bit older, but still not too old to make you a pair."




son, paul carries on the family tradition
of arrow moccasin's attention to quality



we pledge to make each pair of moccasins with the exact same handmade
standards that we have perfected during our 45 years in business. each
moccasin and boot will receive the same painstaking individual attention that
has made arrow moccasin an award winning company, known for our
uncompromising standards and workmanship.



moccasins from arrow moccasin are simply the absolute best quality
available. we have a family work ethic that is reflected in the craftsmanship
of our every task, as well as our 6 to 7 day work week.



this same ethic is reflected in our prices. our prices are 20 to 40 percent
below that of our competitor's. we take a great deal of pride in our work and
in knowing the pleasure and satisfaction that our customers have when they
walk in a pair of moccasins made by our hands.



our moccasins are made of extra heavy, quality, swiss hides that are tanned
in england, the same country that produces the best of bridle leathers. a
special tanning process is used by a small, family owned tannery, that no one
in the world has been able to duplicate. the fibers of the leather are tightly
joined in the process, yet are pliable enough to allow the leather to mold to
your feet and breathe.



that is why arrow moccasins will outlast all others. for every pair is
completely handmade and sewn with a knot in every stitch and we guarantee the
stitching for the life of the moccasin.



each pair of footwear comes with a complete satisfaction guarantee or
we will refund 100% of your money. when you receive your personally
made pair of moccasins, if you are not satisfied for any reason, we will
refund your money with no questions asked.*



* refund is offered on any pair of boots or moccasins that have not been worn.



if you have ever worn a pair of arrow moccasins, you already know about the
quality of our product. and for those of you who haven't, buy a pair and you'll
never regret it!



the ouellette family, ron, paul, mrs. ouellette




comments from the experts


"
my first pair went to the himalayas in 1983. i started buying them from 'baldy' on the 
kancamangus in new hampshire. i also wore them for 13 years to work in the mclaughlin 
gardens of south paris. i haven't worn anything else in almost 30 years."



richard tribou mclaughlin, greenwood, maine



"our winter trek in wisconsin's nicolet national forest over frozen
ground was a totally comfortable experience in our french canadian boots. my
feet were always warm and dry and walking was so comfortable through the snow.
your boots are the greatest for winter trekking. thank you."



l. ellis, madison, wisconsin



"i have always made my own moccasins, that is, until i wore a pair of
arrow moccasins. not only are they quiet, they look great and hold up
better than any other shoe i have worn. they mold to your feet and let you
feel the ground which is essential in tracking. the quality is the best that i
have ever seen. the traditional look and durability that these moccasins have,
deserve much respect. they are cheaper and are of better quality than any
other moccasin made. arrow moccasins are the best moccasins around
anywhere."



justin "two turtles" kram, bel air, maryland



"enclosed are a pair of moccasins in need of resoling. i have worn them
daily for 5 years working on the farm and on all my trekking
expeditions. i have worn out 3 pairs of your competitor's double sole
moccasins before i discovered your company. your moccasins are far superior in
wear and comfort, as well as much less expensive."



eldridge c., des moine, iowa



"i just received my soulier de boeufs and i am writing to tell
you that i am absolutely delighted with them. they fit my feet as if you had
fitted them personally. the leather quality is unsurpassed and i speak as
someone who was in the shoe business for many years. i fully expect to be
wearing these for many years."



walter m. given, iv, charleston, west virginia



treffle bolduc of conway, new hampshire, one of america's top snowshoe makers*,
had this to say about our mukluk sport boot:



"the best i have ever worn." "the warmest, lightest and most comfortable
of all winter footwear. unexcelled for snowshoe use."



* people magazine, february 1985
* esquire magazine, may 1985



"i've worn your moccasins everyday for the last 19 years, summer  through winter, rain 
or shine,or snow.  minus 30 deg to 100 plus. i  have three pair; one for everyday, one for 
church, and my shearling  lined winter mocs. the shearling lined ones were purchased 2 winters
ago, replacing the  16 year old pair, 'cause they were looking a bit "ratty" i kept the  
old pair for when it's real muddy! please keep up the good work, because i don't think i could 
stand  wearing anything else!"



bob miller, sharbot lake, ontario, canada



"i just wanted to say thanks for the wonderful soulier de boeuf mocs i wear on my historical 
trekking hikes. i just finished one to the top of east osceola (white mountains, elev. 4156, 5.6 mi 
round trip) and they are terrific! the soles are holding up superbly without a tear and they are as 
comfortable as heck. they kept my feet dry despite the high heat and water crossings. i have attached 
a photo of myself with them on while trekking that my wife took. i have received so many inquiries 
about who made them while i'm trekking. the ouellette's make such a quality product. these really 
are the most comfortable footwear my feet have ever had on. when i wear my regular hiking boots, that 
hard sole makes one's heels sore after awhile, but i have never, ever, ever had any pain at all with 
the soulier de boeuf's, and that's what i tell everyone i meet. their feel and traction are supreme, 
all the while your feet feel like they are one with the trail. truly remarkable!"



scott lang, west lawn, pennsylvania






click here to see our handcrafted moccasins

click here to visit our links page

click here to visit our faq page

check out our k9 products



arrow moccasins © 1997,
http://www.arrowmoc.com
p.o.box 699, hudson, massachusetts 01749
tel. [978] 562-7870, fax [978] 562-1286


page design by






