





hacking the xbox






 


xbox security
        secrets - hardware mod tutorials - interviews with master hackers - the
        chilling effects of the dmca









(an introduction to reverse engineering)      andrew "bunnie" huang




        sample
        pages
table of contents

        starter hacks

        circuit boards
hardware 
software

        security

        soldering
legal issuesordering
        info
about the author
other
        xbox works by the author
a brief history of
        the book

about xenatera press
faq
        / order support / press inquirieshas
        my order shipped yet?













 this hands-on guide to hacking was cancelled by the original publisher, wiley,
        out of fear of dmca-related lawsuits. after a period of direct
        distribution by the author, "hacking the xbox" is brought to you by the
        no starch press. the book begins with a few step-by-step tutorials on hardware modifications
        that teaches basic hacking techniques as well as essential reverse engineering skills. the book progresses into a discussion of the xbox security mechanisms and other advanced hacking topics, with an emphasis on educating the readers on the important subjects of computer security and reverse engineering. hacking the xbox  includes numerous practical guides, such as where to get hacking gear, soldering techniques, debugging tips and an xbox hardware reference guide.

        "hacking the xbox" confronts the social and political issues 
 facing today's hacker. the book introduces readers to the humans 
        behind the hacks through several interviews with master hackers. 

        "hacking the xbox" looks forward and discusses the impact of 
 today's legal challenges on legitimate reverse engineering 
 activities. the book includes a chapter written by the electronic
        frontier foundation (eff) about the rights and responsibilities 
 of hackers, and concludes by discussing the latest trends and
        vulnerabilities in secure pc platforms.

        hurry and get "hacking the xbox" before microsoft does!
horry0anozg2t ahackqngnzhefxbou2 6efori0micri8oftk1oesyrv qss ko
hwyyv8indadzc acckszgeu8thxbvl/lzrorvdhncr7fiwt8z6est5dxrbg gcfv
2e7cau0ttevljd17kae7mhxpuzn0b/90oewmd7guqvpipqesv54chbutviutfytk
ows/f2ox15m9v0dvd9newtdahssgrr8pidh02sh4u9nazmllbubeb64wqd+pgwcu
tnuzrzewghfz/fef+yxv8dt/b7u5ydfm9/emguhvvzm/oxjblaqo96skupy1evuj

book notes


            bunnie now has a blog

nate lawson of
            cryptography research, inc. has pointed out to me an important
            errata in the book. in figure 7-3, the private and public key labels
            in the diagram have been swapped. i apologize for any confusion this
            may have caused.  

my friend bobby
        woods-corwin just pointed this scary thing out to me: xbox
        hacking is similar to terrorism, at least according to b&n. i
        hope ashcroft doesn't have an eye on me...


you may order the unlimited edition of hacking the xbox from the no starch press. it is also stocked by major bookstores everywhere (amazon.com, barnes and noble, borders, microcenter, etc.). the unlimited edition features a snazzy new cover and
        professionally copy-editted and proofread text (as opposed to my own
        underground-style special limited edition). 
existing orders
        please read this notice -- especially international!





this work is licensed under a
creative commons license.









 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        
 
        

isbn 0-9740575-0-9
copyright (c) 2003 xenatera press, a subsidiary
of xenatera, llc.


