



sen teacher : home page

























































                home page
            
skip to main content










free special needs teaching resources since 1999











                                my stuff
                            



















                                    printables
                                



                                        mathematics
                                    


                                        literacy
                                    


                                        social
                                    


                                        communication
                                    


                                        art
                                    



                                        certificates
                                    


                                        display
                                    



                                        most popular
                                    





                                    apps
                                



                                        windows
                                    


                                        macos
                                    


                                        linux
                                    



                                        ios
                                    


                                        android
                                    



                                        most popular
                                    





                                    search tools
                                



                                        aac symbol search
                                    


                                        free multimedia search
                                    





                                    login
                                





search













                    home page
                



home page












                                    welcome 
                                



welcome to sen teacher which is rapidly approaching its 25th year online. we've just done our first major rebuild of the site since 2017 and are still updating some sections of the site.
all printables are published under creative commons license and are free to use, photocopy and adapt for your own teaching.
 you can use everything without logging in, but if you would like the ability to save your word lists, card sets and store some artwork privately for future use, then you can now register for an account - it's free.







                                    latest updates 
                                




                                        august 2024
                                    
various bug-fixes for the new year - added new charles iii uk coinage designs to relevant printables.
 if you have problems with any printables and have used the site before, please do a complete page refresh to make sure everthing is loaded fresh instead of from cache/history (control-f5 keys on windows or shift-click on the refresh button macos safari).

private saving of word lists, card sets and private clipart is working - login required

                                            northern grid's 
                                            senswitcher
                                            - updated, better performance on ipads and tablets.
                                        


                                        november 2023
                                    

fixed issue preventing load of card printables on ios/macos safari
added thick plain colour border options to cards
switch to google auto-optimised ads - hopefully will reduce number displayed
thanks to anonymous users who reported bugs - hopefully fixed them all, but please report again if not


                                        october 2023
                                    

fixed texture and photo fills on some printables.
fixed minor bugs in follow me card games
put back the old 2014 versions of lightbox and switch invaders for windows 32-bit - pending release of updates.
optimised speed of slower printables.








                                    create a free account 
                                



you can now create a free account on sen teacher which enables you to privately save your custom word lists and card sets.

                                        we don't send out mailings and don't share the membership list with anyone else. click 
                                        

                                            log in
                                        
                                        on the menu bar to sign up.
                                    







                            this week's popular printables
                        









                                    3d model nets
                                
print nets to create a range of 3d shapes









                                    quick certificates
                                
quickly customise and print colourful certificates









                                    flash cards
                                
create and customise flash cards from word lists









                                    clock bingo
                                
generate random bingo & lotto games with clock faces









                                    telling time
                                
print clocks with varied styles and intervals









                                    wordsearch maker
                                
create style and customise your own wordsearches 









                                    image name labels
                                
colourful name list labels with symbols, photos and art









                                    large print maths 1
                                
generate large print add/sub problems at various levels









                                    coin totals
                                
customise random visual coin addition problems. now includes new uk coinage designs for charles iii









                                    clocks pairs
                                
custom clock face matching pair cards









                                    handwriting patterns
                                
large range of penmanship tracing patterns.









                                    letter mash
                                
create scanning mash-ups with letters and fragments









                                    draw time
                                
draw the time on blank customisable clock faces









                                    quick handwriting 
                                
quickly create simple handwriting sheets with guide fonts









                                    word & picture cards
                                
create and share picture word cards









                                    hundred squares
                                
create 100 squares with custom styles and numbers
















                                    guestbook
                                




                                    contact
                                




                                    accessibility
                                




                                    privacy
                                




                                    copyright
                                




                                    terms of use
                                









                        share 
                    


                        tweet 
                    


                        pin 
                    









