














san francisco state university

































      skip to main content
    


















san francisco state university






apply now

a–z

calendar

login




search
                  sf state




search sf state button














toggle navigation
 menu
                            




main navigation


about


academics


admission + aid


student success


student life


faculty & staff


alumni


give


quicklinks expand


bulletin


class schedule


donate now


financial aid


future students


housing


library


maps










 



  fall 2025 deadline extended!

                    
the application period is now open through april 1 — don’t miss out!






apply now







san francisco state home








  welcome to san francisco state university












 





for visual and performing arts degrees




hispanic outlook on education magazine




liberal & creative arts →







 





in the nation for social mobility




u.s. news and world report 




dean of students →







 





of students are first in their family to attend college




institutional analytics




education opportunities →










  learn about sf state







 





our students know they belong to a diverse and inclusive community, free to explore and express their individuality.




campus life →







 





innovation fuels our curriculum — our courses are culturally and socially enriching and unique to our university.




academics →







 





located in the hub of the bay area, we offer a powerful combination of education, art, culture, technology and career connections.




location →







 





we are champions of equity and community inclusion and empower our students to pursue their educational dreams.




student services →










  academic programs








our graduates are leaders in science, business, public service, journalism and the arts. sf state is part of the california state university (csu), the largest system of higher education in the country granting bachelor’s and master’s degrees.




explore by program type
first-year or transfer students →
graduate students →
online and continuing education →







 











  athletics







 









gator athletics has a proud tradition of competitive success within the national collegiate athletic association (ncaa). sf state has 12 intercollegiate sports teams involving 350 student athletes: baseball, men’s and women’s basketball, men’s and women’s cross country, men’s and women’s soccer, softball, women’s track & field, volleyball and wrestling.




athletics →











  gain real world experience








 





go beyond the classroom




participate in implementing the university's goals for international education and exchange.




study abroad and experiential programs →







 





conduct research 




engage in life-changing programs that have an impact both individually and to the broader community.




research and centers →










  sf state community







 














be a part of our community




sf state educates and equips students to thrive in a global society. we deliver academic excellence by pursuing knowledge, inspiring creativity, supporting our diverse community and advancing social justice and positive change in the world.




visit sf state →
admission guide →










explore our campus with a virtual tour!


explore our campus from the comfort of your own home with our virtual tour! this interactive experience allows you to discover key facilities, learn about campus life and get a feel for the environment — all at your own pace.


explore our campus now


view ada accessible tour




virtual tour








  make it possible



student success at sf state means holding our students to high expectations and offering them the support they need to reach them. as a campus with a social justice mission at our core, we hold excellence and equity to be fundamental and interlinking values: we want to see our students graduate with degrees that represent learning experiences of the highest possible quality, inclusive of all of our students. 








 









 
affording sf state




every sf state student should belong and matter, has the capacity to live a purposeful life and can positively impact the world. 




affordability and financial aid →









 









 
start your next chapter here




no matter where you’re from, what you’ve learned or who you think you’ll be, we’re ready to be the next chapter in your story.




request information →









 









 
apply to sf state




join the nearly 24,000 students who enroll at sf state each year and become part of our network of more than 293,000 graduates contributing to the economic, cultural and civic life of the bay area and beyond.




apply now →










  upcoming events












feb
17



fin aid february: use your sfsu aid to study abroad
mon, feb 17, 01:00 pm. - 02:00 pm.
zoom










feb
18



transfer student community welcome
tue, feb 18, 12:00 pm. - 04:00 pm.
adm 5th fl, president's patio











feb
19



stop the bleed
wed, feb 19, 10:00 am. - 12:00 pm.
library 286










more events








  latest news









students tackle drug resistance by teaching machine learning


        
            
            sfsu researchers have published a step-by-step tutorial for applying machine learning to drug resistance

      
    
  
  …
      






‘the future of the ramaytush ohlone’: sfsu alum designs posters for san francisco bus shelters 


        
            
            works by marcelo potosí honor the indigenous peoples of the san francisco peninsula 

      
    
  
            
         …
      






sfsu builds new pipeline for renewable energy microbiologists


        
            
            the university will collaborate with other universities and two national labs to train students for the renewable energy…
      






sfsu revises graduation requirement to incorporate climate justice


        
            
            the change institutionalizes sfsu’s commitment to providing climate justice education

      
    
  
            
        …
      


more news









take the next steps










request information








apply now








visit sf state

























              san francisco state university 
              1600 holloway avenue 
              san francisco, ca 94132 
              (415) 338-1111 
a california state university campus





accessibility


equity and community inclusion


environment and sustainability


title ix


privacy policy






annual fire safety report pdf

annual safety report (clery) pdf


annual safety plan pdf


document reader


wasc accreditation










facebook
twitter
instagram
linkedin





































