










2-minute-website.com: make your own website - try us free today!








get your own website - today!



 

with 2-minute-website.com, you can make your own website instantly -
				it's fast and easy.   


				
					start here 
click
					here to get your free trial now
   	

				  
you don't need to know anything
				about computers, and your website gets its own web address (like www.yourchoice.com).
 
simply choose a website design and add your own text and pictures.













how
            can i make my own website with 2-minute-website.com?
read how you can make your own web site, quickly and easily.
if you ask most people how they feel about about building a website, their response
            is often: "get my own website? i just wouldn't know where to begin".
[more...]




questions
            & answers (faqs)
all your questions answered. frequently asked
            questions about building your website, credit card payment, search engines, domain 
            names, and technical support.
[more...]




editing text in your website
want more control?here's how you can get control
            of the text shown on your website. [more...]




selling products and services
need to take money on your website?set up 
            payment buttons, and you can sell products or services on your site, taking payments by
            credit card or paypal from your customers. [more...]




key facts
just the facts: printable details of exactly what you get when you sign
            up with us. [more...]




what is a domain
            name?
find out the key facts you need to know about naming your
            site. how do website names work, and how can you get a name for your site?
[more...]




all
            about search engines
your site is no good unless visitors can find
            it. read how.  what is a 'search engine'? and how can you use it to get more
            visitors to your website?
[more...]




customer reviews
            
what do our customers think of us? find out here...
[more...]



 



easy and quick to use
up to 250 pages
free domain name
free web hosting
free usage stats
free email forwarding
free  search engine submission
choice of designs
make as many changes as you want
take payments with paypal buttons
friendly customer service




login
            username:


            password:






 

or buy your website
            now and get the web address of your choice - before somebody else
            does! (if you want to buy a free trial site you've already created, log in to 
            your site first, and buy it from there).

            the total price is £65 a year, that's about
            us$100 or €80 per year. our us dollar and euro prices change 
            a little depending on world exchange rates, but don't worry, 
            we'll show you the exact amount before you buy. 
   		
international customers
our price in all world currencies

multi-year savings
              buy a site for more than one year, and save:  get up to 25% off! 
              to get your saving: when you buy your site, choose '2 years' or more.
        

email us
        	customer.service  @2-minute-website.com 
    	

            website sponsors of the
            




 



thousands of people have built a great web site with 2-minute-website.com! 
					below are just a few of our customers' websites - take a look:
                         

kenya
				beach villa holidays - the
				sanctuary bookshop - oban
				cycles - crete village holidays
				- the sailfish, private beach
				cottage to rent  
				- our glass - studio glassware
				- carrickfergus methodist church
				- wolf-e-boy's global travel bites
                                - george and lynne fan site
                                - ex libris books
                                - sanctuary bookshop, lyme regis b&b
				- nelson street vans, jersey
				- marbelton kennels, lancashire
				- salema holiday cottage, portugal
				- quakers in neath
                                - rhondda records
                                - eric ward, artist
                                - john donoghue, writer
                                - morse/ham radio
                                - photography
                                - fishing tips
                                - boac
				- bath domestic cleaning
				- casa da torre, portugal
				- shoes
				and ships and sealing wax ltd - raf
				vulcan crew chiefs - bryning
				border collie dogs - combe
				farm arabian horses - ramsgrove
				beardies - divasharon's
				divine vintage
				- colonials,
				western connecticut state university baseball team
... and many more!





"i found
			your web site construction very easy. for the past month i have tried
			one program after another but could not work with them because i know nothing 
			about the html code. now i can build the site i want without
			that darn html."
john woods



"i didn't realise that starting a website was so easy.
			with 2-minute-website it's just that. simple, convenient and the online
			help is wonderful. i have had a great response from
			my website."
anna quilliam



"wow! that's simply all i can say about your
			product. i have tried lot's of "do-it-yourself" websites but 
			none have compared to this. the money i spent can't
			compare to the dollars i saved on different drawing
			programs, separate hosting, ftp up loaders and all the extra stuff they 
			try to sell you. i wish you guys were around earlier!"
ms c jones





"you have been nothing but helpful. and
			believe me if i had someone to write into telling them about you and how wonderful
			you have been to me i will! i am going to tell everybody about your site!"
linda luksich



"i am so pleased with your websites and
			with the customer service. i have recommended
			using you guys to several of my friends whose businesses are not yet on the web.
			i really appreciate your help and all of the great service that
			you have provided."
lisa navarrette



"by the way your service is just fantastic
			and saved me spending weeks learning how to use dreamweaver!! i will recommend
			it to everyone i meet."
karen heather



"i am so glad i chose your company over all the others! it
			is just what i wanted, and there's so much freedom. thank you so much!
			you guys rule!"
melanie marshall





 renew | about us | service agreement |  privacy policy

all
          customer comments are completely genuine, and are quoted with permission. this 
          web site is © 2002-2013 2-minute-website ltd. "2-minute-website: online web design", "2-minute-website: instant website builder" and "2-minute-website: get your own website today" are trademark (tm) 2-minute-website ltd. uk company number 4452009. our trademarks apply
          to variants, eg "two-minute-web-site". members of the uk web design association. 
        












