














home | synergos






      skip to main content
    








synergos-logo-dark-green















connect menu


subscribe


contact us


events calendar


member login






























donate












menu

about usabout ussynergos is a global organization that advances bridging leadership, which builds trust and collaboration to solve complex problems.learn moreour vision, mission & valuesour approachour boardour staffcountry & regional programscountry & regional programsour country teams use bridging leadership to build collaboration on issues with high potential for reducing poverty, overcoming injustice, and addressing climate change.learn morearab worldbangladeshbrazilethiopianigeriasouth africaglobal philanthropists circleglobal philanthropists circlethe gpc is a home for individuals and families from around the world to re-imagine how to address our society’s most pressing needs.learn moreevents calendarcollaborative communitiesour global networkour global networkwe help our global network of philanthropists and other changemakers create collaborations that shift power and resources to communities.learn morearab world social entrepreneursglobal philanthropists circlesenior fellowslinc south africamenu
















 







building trust works


synergos is a global organization that has pioneered the use of bridging leadership, which builds trust and collaboration to solve complex problems.









we have used this inclusive approach with partners around the world for 35 years to achieve extraordinary results meeting local and national needs.
today, we help dismantle systems that create the most urgent problems of our time: poverty, social injustice, and climate change.






our work





 












country & regional programs



our teams around the world use bridging leadership to build collaboration on issues of national regional importance - helping local and international partners create systemic change and improved lives. 



learn more






 












global network 



we help our global network of philanthropists and other changemakers create collaborations that shift power and resources to communities directly affected by issues and bridging leaders within those communities. 



learn more



more 














 












the synergos approach


we cultivate bridging leadership: the ability to build trust and collective action.
 
bridging leadership is a style of leadership practiced by both individuals and organizations that enables diverse stakeholders to address systemic challenges together. bridging leadership requires inner work to increase self-awareness, skills for social issue analysis such as systems thinking, and a high capacity for collaboration.



learn more









 












bridging leadership voices


the bridging leadership voices project assembles a unique chorus of voices of twenty-three practitioners from fourteen countries in africa, asia, europe, and the americas who are innovating on a wide range of issues including corporate sustainability, philanthropy, agriculture, youth development, and more. we invite you to enter the project in a spirit of exploration.



join us









 












the 2025 david rockefeller bridging leadership awards


join us on tuesday, may 6 in new york city to honor the theme of courageous leadership and reflect on the future of synergos’ growing global network.



learn more/register








 









event calendar
join us to exchange ideas, share inspiration, and promote collective action.



learn more



























menu




synergos-logo-dark-green















about menu


about us


our staff


donate


contact us


events calendar


jobs


























































connect



















































get updates

subscribe to synergos








































much of our text may be republished for free.




terms of use


privacy policy



© synergos, some rights reserved.












