















white plains, ny - official website | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in














    city government      city departments      our community      doing business      how do i…?  


 

 

 

 

 




 










   





 
 












search







 
 







 
 
 



 
















 






  
 
 



 














online payments








applications & permits








agendas & minutes










 
 














white plains multimedia








stay notified








contact us










 
 
 































latest news







 






  
 
 
















city court judicial application 


the city of white plains is accepting applications for two city court judge positions.						read on...







adopt a tree and become a tree watcher! 


the wp urban forestry team is looking for residents who would like to adopt a city tree. learn all about the adopt-a-tree program:
session 1 (span): sat, feb 22, 2 - 5 pm, @ el centro hispano
session 2 (eng): tue, feb 25, 5:30 - 8:30 pm, @ wp library						read on...







youth climate action fund 


white plains participates in the youth climate action fund, supported by bloomberg philanthropies, which provides funds for micro-grants to launch and support youth-led climate initiatives. applications for grants are still being accepted.						read on...







enjoy a winter-theme story on the bryant-mamaroneck park storywalk 


"it’s snowing” by gail gibbons is an intro to winter's wonders. this informative book invites young readers to experience the thrill of the first snow & then uses simple diagrams to explain how rain turns into snow & how snow crystals form snowflakes.						read on...







ebersole ice rink  at delfino park  104 lake street open through march 


ebersole ice rink is open for the season.  whether you're a seasoned skater or a novice, ebersole rink welcomes you.   for info call 914.422.1390.						read on...







2024 year in review 


2024 was a productive year for the city of white plains.   continue reading to learn about some of the city's accomplishments and achievements.   best wishes to all for a healthy, happy, prosperous new year.						read on...







enjoy the downtown white plains bid's restaurant month 


get your knife and fork ready - it's everyone's favorite month for dining!  the downtown white plains bid's restaurant month offers tantalizing meals at savory savings all month long. *exclusions apply.						read on...







summer camp registration opens january 22 at 7:30 a.m. 


wp rec & parks summer camp registration is first come, first served.  register online or in-person. required at registration: 1) application form, 2) camper immunization records, 3) deposit - $300.  camp runs 7/1 - 8/8.  wp residents only!						read on...







white plains youth organizations, apply for round 2 of the youth action fund grant 


white plains  participates in the youth climate action fund, supported by bloomberg philanthropies & can fund micro-grants to launch & support youth-led climate initiatives. applications will be accepted until feb 3 & on a rolling basis afterwards.						read on...







stay in the know!  subscribe to the city of white plains monthly newsletter 


the current newsletter provides info on events scheduled for january 2025  & upcoming community events. to read this month's issue click the additional info link below. once you open the newsletter you will have the opportunity to "join our email list."			additional info...







the rec & parks 2024/25 fall winter guide is available now - online 


please review the guide for recreational & cultural programming information for the months ahead. registration opens 8/28. there is something for everyone to enjoy & appreciate including our 20 multi-purpose parks & green spaces & special events.						read on...







ring in the new year at the city of white plains new year's eve family spectacular 


tuesday, december 31st, 10:30 pm - 12:30 am
main st. & court st.
ball drop, countdown and fireworks						read on...







stay in the know - subscribe to the city of white plains monthly newsletter 


the current newsletter provides info on events scheduled for december 2024 & community events. to read this month's issue click the additional info link below. once you open the newsletter you will have the opportunity to "join our email list."			additional info...







the downtown white plains winter village & holiday market returns with new activities 


this year's downtown winter village & holiday market features an interactive holiday experience that goes beyond just shopping. visitors will enjoy festive shopping, delicious food, & exciting activities. market opens dec 11-22.						read on...







santa's mailbox is at city hall now through dec. 15 


write your letter to santa, place it in an envelope with your return address & drop it in the special mailbox on the steps of city hall - 255 main st. no stamp needed! the mailbox will be at city hall until december 15.						read on...







skate with frosty this sunday, dec. 15 at ebersole ice rink 


take the ice with frosty this sunday, dec. 15 from 1pm to 3pm at ebersole ice rink.  public session fees apply.  kids $10, adults $12 and seniors $7. skate rentals $5, skate assist - $10.						read on...







celebrate the holiday season, join us for the annual holiday tree lighting festivities- 12/12 @ 5pm 


join mayor roach this wed., dec. 12 at 5:00 pm at renaissance plaza park for the annual holiday tree lighting.  enjoy performances by the wp high school band & the archbishop stepinac high school chorus.   rain date: thurs., 12/12.						read on...







shop the last wp downtown farmers market of the 2024 season 


the market is open wed. nov. 27 from 8:30 am - 2:45 pm & is a great option to pick up fresh produce for your thanksgiving meal.  located on court st. betwn main st. & martine ave. this location soon will be home to the wp winter village & holiday market.						read on...







notice of funding availability and public hearing fy 2025-26 


notice of funding availability and public hearings
2025-2029 consolidated plan and 2025-26 annual action plan						read on...







subscribe to the city's monthly newsletter & stay in the know 


the current newsletter provides info on events scheduled for november 2024 & lots more. to read this month's issue click the additional info link below.    once you open the newsletter you will have the opportunity to "join our email list."			additional info...







2025 transcenter annual resident meter parking permit 


read on...







white plains certified as a nys silver climate smart community 


read on...







celebrate the 248th anniversary of the battle of white plains 


commemorate the 1776 battle of white plain this sun, oct. 27, 10 am - 4 pm, @ jacob purdy house - 60 park ave.,   free family fun event!  
for more info call 914.328.1776.						read on...







city of white plains vision zero action plan public meeting oct. 23 


do you want to make the city of white plains roadways safer for motorists, cyclists & pedestrians?  join us on oct. 23 for an interactive meeting to discuss the benefits of vision zero & why this plan is a critical document for the city of white plains.						read on...







city of white plains announces firefighter exam - application deadline oct 17 at 5 pm 


the city of white plains seeks candidates for the march 1, 2025 firefighter civil service exam.  the exam is open to westchester co residents. salary range is $59,417 – $116,056 (subject to change).  applications must be recvd by oct 17, 2024 at 5 pm.						read on...







subscribe to the city's monthly newsletter & stay in the know 


the oct. newsletter provides links to the firefighter application, info about oktoberfest, halloween events, the battle of white plains & vision zero action plan public meeting  & lots more. to read this month's issue click the additional info link below.			additional info...







white plains public library teen after hours returns october 4 


with the new school year comes the return of teen after hours. fri, oct. 4, the library will be open from 6 - 9 pm only to wp school students in grades 9-12. board & video games, refreshments & more.  this monthly event is not to be missed!						read on...







we are excited to announce the posting of a new book along the bryant-mamaroneck storywalk trail 


now on display at the bryant-mamaroneck park storywalk is “fletcher and the falling leaves” written by julia rawlinson & illustrated by tiphanie beeke. an autumn themed book about fletcher the fox who wants to understand the changing seasons.						read on...







traffic advisory - friday, september 27 


traffic advisory - avoid the area of barker avenue, north lexington avenue and water street.  the area  is closed due to police activity.  heavy traffic diversion. 
consider using north broadway and hamilton ave as alternate exits from city.			






reggae concert in turnure park, sat., sept., 28 at 3:30 pm 


join us for an evening  of classic reggae, latin and pop rhythms to dance & enjoy featuring the worla roots band.  3:30 pm at turnure park.  bring a lawn chair, picnic basket and blanket. turnure park is on canfield ave between main st. & lake st. - free!						read on...







family fun wellness festival sat., sept. 21 from noon - 4 pm at tibbits park 


the health & wellness festival is a fun and interactive community event for the whole family.  activities include live performances, vendor booths, health screenings, massages, kids fun zone, fitness workouts, yoga, giveaways, healthy food and much more.						read on...







jazzfest white plains returns for its 13th year.  sept. 11 - 15 across downtown white plains 


jazzfest white plains returns for its 13th year. the 5-day festival presents 18 live performances  from emerging talent to world-renowned artists, including four grammy award-winners & nominees & culminates with the wp jazz & food festival						read on...







the great white plains campout takes place this sat., sept 14.  register today! 


join us for an overnight community campout at delfino park.  bring your own tent and food and we'll supply the fun.   $60 per campsite.  campsite accommodates six.  call rec & parks at 914.422.1336 to register.  act soon - limited spaces are available.						read on...







please join us for the cwp annual september 11 remembrance ceremony 


the city of white plains will host its annual september 11th remembrance ceremony on wednesday, september 11 at 8:30 a.m. at liberty park on lake street, the site of the city's permanent 9/11 memorial.						read on...







the white plains dri program is seeking public input,  sept 9, from 6-8 pm @ wp public library 


the white plains dri program is seeking public input on projects proposed for downtown.  please join us for the 2nd & final public workshop, sept 9, 6-8 pm @ wp public library.  learn about the program & share your thoughts on projects seeking dri funds.						read on...







truck day rolls into gedney yard sat, sept 7, 10 am - 2 pm 


the dept. of public works will showcase dozens of emergency & safety vehicles, utility trucks, & more at this popular event! interactive fun for the entire family. come climb in, honk horns and learn all about the trucks that keep our city rolling!						read on...







for the latest news subscribe to the city of white plains monthly newsletter 


the sept. newsletter provides links to the firefighter application, info about truck day, the dri final workshop, our 9/11 remembrance ceremony, jazzfest, the great wp campout & lots more. to read this month's issue click the additional info link below.						read on...







neighborhood nights fun every monday in august 


don't miss all the fun planned for august.  join us @ 6:30 pm on: 8/5 @ tibbits park for bubble show plus, 8/12 @ mattison park for art in in the park 8/19 @ the mitchell place tot lot for storytime with wp library & on 8/26 @ gillie playground						read on...







let's roll - adults only roller skate night at ebersole rink - tonight 


lace up your skates & celebrate  roller skate nights with dj at ebersole rink @ delfino park. adults only, join us on fri., 23 from 6:30 pm - 9:30 pm for this fun program.  $5 admission & $5 skate rentals.  inline skates are welcome.						read on...







enjoy neighborhood nights at the library plaza 


enjoy family fun events at 6:30 pm at the white plains library.  on thursday august 15 enjoy story adventures with storyteller, rachael harrington and august 22 a bach to rock concert.						read on...







national night out tonight august 21 beginning at 6 pm at the public safety bldg 


national night out is a community-building campaign that promotes police-community partnerships. join us from 6:00 pm to 9:00 pm at public safety 77 south lex. av.e for an evening of family fun, live entertainment, safety demonstrations, and food.						read on...







rock the block this wednesday, august 14 - music, food & good times! 


join the fun downtown - rock the block, wednesday, august 14, 5:30 pm - 8:30 pm on mamaroneck ave. between ?maple ave. & post rd						read on...







summer storm safety tips from con ed 


summer storms may produce strong wind gusts, heavy rain, & lightning, causing trees & branches to fall onto power lines disrupting service to customers.   do not go near downed wires & remember downed wires can be hidden under tree limbs/ leaves/water.						read on...







for the latest news subscribe to the city of white plains monthly newsletter 


the august newsletter details upcoming events & programs including vision zero safety initiative, the new picnic shelter @ delfino park, the  rock the block party & more. to subscribe click additional info & at the top of the page click join our email.			additional info...







national night out is postponed due to expected inclement weather 


national night out is a community-building campaign that promotes police-community partnerships.  join us from 6:00 pm to 9:00 pm at public safety 77 south lex. av.e for an evening of family fun, live entertainment, safety demonstrations, and food.						read on...







stay safe in the heat by following these simple safety tips 


when temperatures rise, remember to drink more water than normal.  find an air-conditioned space. limit your outdoor activities. wear light clothing & sunscreen. check on your neighbors.  never leave children/pets in a hot car.						read on...







storywalk at the bryant mamaroneck park 


the city of white plains recreation & parks department, in partnership with the white plains public library,  presents storywalk at bryant-mamaroneck park.  storywalk combines a children's story with a popular walking route.						read on...







stay cool at  gardella and kittrell pools - pool membership required 


as temperatures rise, residents are advised to avoid strenuous activity, especially in the heat of the day, reschedule work-outs for early morning or evening hours, drink plenty of water, and avoid drinking too many alcoholic and caffeinated beverages.						read on...







subscribe to the city of white plains monthly newsletter 


the july newsletter has info on upcoming events & city programs including the annual independence day celebration, rock the block, city parks & more. to subscribe click the additional info link below & at the top of the page click join our email list.			additional info...







come out for the july 10 rock the block event featuring scott tournet & the spark 


join us wed, july 10 @  5:30 pm on mam'k ave., between maple ave. & e. post rd. for an evening of electrifying live music, al fresco dining and yard games.    enjoy the sounds of scott tournet and the spark with opener - smooch.						read on...







all city of white plains offices closed july 4th. 


in observance of independence day all city offices will be closed on july 4th &  there will be no garbage pick-up on that day.   
there will be no paper recycling this week. paper recycling will resume on wednesday, july 10th.						read on...







city of white plains independence day celebration, july 2  6:30 - 10 pm at wp high school 


white plains independence day celebration will take place  july 2 from 6:30 -10:00 pm at wp high school. please note due to construction some seating & parking areas will be off-limits and bryant avenue will be closed intermittently to vehicular traffic.						read on...







downtown revitalization initiative  - open call for projects 


do you have a project that would help to revitalize the downtown? then the time is now to submit your project.  the dri will provide grant funds for eligible projects that will revitalize #whiteplains downtown.  open call for projects- june 24 – july 26.						read on...







summer in the city 2024 - your guide to summer events 


the summer in the city 2024 guide is a handy tool for all the exciting events planned for the summer.  mark your calendars for the upcoming rock the block events downtown, the 4th of july celebration, father's day concert, neighborhood nights & more.						read on...







heat advisory in effect beginning tuesday, june 18 


• drink plenty of water 
• check on neighbors.
• never leave kids/pets unattended in a vehicle.
• keep shades closed & do not overload electricity.
• call 911 if there is a life-threatening emergency. 
   register life support equipment with con edison.						read on...







in observance of juneteenth, all city of white plains offices are closed on wed., june 19 


in observance of juneteenth, all city offices will be closed on wednesday, june 19. 
there will be no changes to the garbage and recycling pick-up schedule for this week.


thank you for your cooperation in helping to keep our city clean.			






white plains citywide speed limit reduced to 25 miles per hour 


mayor roach has announced that the city of white plains speed limit will be reduced from 30 miles per hour to 25 miles per hour citywide. the lower speed limit will make city streets safer for pedestrians, cyclists and motorists.						read the press release here







storywalk read-along with mayor roach this saturday, june 15 at 11am 


move with the mayor  - saturday, june 15 at 11 am.   join mayor roach for a half mile stroll around the bryant-mamaroneck park storywalk & enjoy a reading of and then comes summer written by tom brenner.						read on...







celebrate father's day this saturday with an evening concert at turnure park 


the father's day weekend concert at turnure park begins at 5pm.  enjoy the soulful sounds of  joe boykin & friends - with an opening performance by biella 99. this is a free, family friendly event.  bring a blanket or lawn chair. rain date wed. june 19.						read on...







downtown revitalization initiative (dri) upcoming events 


white plains was awarded $10 million in funding as the mid-hudson region winner of the 7th round of the dri to revitalize the downtown. please join us on june 11 from 6-8 pm at the wp library to share your thoughts on revitalization opportunities.						read on...







don't miss rock the block this wednesday, june 12 beginning at 5:30 pm 


enjoy electrifying live music & expanded outdoor dining as mamaroneck avenue transforms into white plains premier str"eat"ery!  the 2024 wp rock the block series takes place between e. post rd & maple ave. family fun event!  food, music & games.						read on...







join us for the 20th annual white plains juneteenth parade - saturday, june 8 


the white plains juneteenth parade & festival returns to downtown white plains on sat., june 8.  there will be food, fun, and entertainment.  the parade steps on mam'k ave. at 11 am. the festival will take place from noon - 5pm on court street.						read on...







downtown business meeting - june 4 at white plains city hall 


the city of white plains is participating in ny state's downtown revitalization initiative to support local business within the dri boundary area.  we invite local business to join us june 4 from 3-4pm for a special information session on the dri program.						read on...







now available, the june 2024 city newsletter 


the june newsletter has info on upcoming events & city programs including the new citywide 25 mph speed limit, rock the block, city pools, juneteenth festivities & more. to subscribe click the additional info link & click join our email.						read on...







the white plains outdoor arts festival returns to tibbits park  on june 1 & 2 


enjoy the 62nd annual white plains outdoor arts festival on june 1st & 2nd at tibbits park from 10 am - 5pm.  free event - fun for all ages!   rain or shine.  enjoy artist exhibiting paintings, photography, ceramics, glasswork, textiles, and more.						read on...







the white plains downtown revitalization initiative website has launched 


white plains was awarded $10 million in funding as the mid-hudson region winner of the 7th round of the dri. the city will begin the process of developing a strategic investment plan to revitalize its downtown.  visit the website & get involved.						read on...







youth bureau summer employment program applications now available 


the youth bureau summer employment applications are now available for white plains residents ages 14-21 only.  the summer employment program runs july 1 - august 9.  the application deadline june 11, 2024.						read on...







electric vehicles campaign 









this memorial day honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice while defending our nation 


the white plains memorial day parade will take place mon. may 27 starting at 10 am at the intersection of main st. & church st & will proceed to n. bdwy to the rural cemetery.  a memorial service will follow at the soldiers & sailors monument.						read on...







have a dog-gone good time at the cwp pawty in the park event - sat., may 18 11am - noon 


join us for a paw-ty in the park.  free to white plains residents.  sat. may 18, 11 am - noon at battle hill dog park.  fun contests and giveaways sponsored by 4mydogs,  white plains & pet pantry warehouse of rye.  to register call 914.422.1366.						read on...







dress as your favorite superhero and be a part of  wp comicfest, sat., may 11 


join us may 11 for the 9th annual wp comicfest  noon - 4pm at city center - fun for fans of all ages.  the event will include over 40 vendors.   cosplay costume contest, face painting, virtual reality & more.  register to be eligible for raffle prizes.						read on...







white plains sustainability fair, saturday, may 11 


a nod to earth day/month, sat., may 11 from 10 am - 1pm at the white plains recreation & parks building, 85 gedney way.  fun for all ages!  learn how to create habitats for pollinators.  take home native plants to add to your garden & lots more.						read on...







don't miss rock the block this wednesday, may 8 beginning at 5:30 on mam'k ave 


this wed. may 8th join the fun on mam'k ave ( maple ave. & e. post rd) from 5:30 - 8:30 pm for live music & an expanded outdoor dining experience right onto mamaroneck ave – no cars, just people – transforming it into white plains’ premier str”eat”ery!						read on...







subscribe to the city of white plains monthly newsletter 


the may newsletter has info on upcoming events & city programs including the new citywide 25 mph speed limit, rock the block, comicfest, wp sustainability fair & the memorial day parade.  to subscribe click the additional info link & click join our email.						read on...







one earth written by eileen spinelli is now on display at the bryant-mam'k park storywalk 


we are excited to announce the posting of a new book along the bryant-mamaroneck storywalk trail for the spring. “one earth” written by eileen spinelli is a story about celebrating our planet and discovering easy ways to take care of it.						read on...







hike with the mayor on the jack harrington greenway this friday, april 26 at noon 


join mayor roach for this "move with the mayor" event. hike with the mayor will take place friday, april 26  from noon-1 pm at the jack harrington greenway. move with the mayor is a national initiative promoting a healthy lifestyle.						read on...







white plains bid downtown wing walk - saturday, april 20 


stroll around the downtown sampling different chicken wing flavors at a variety of restaurants, then rate each one to help us determine the best wings in downtown white plains! sample two wings at each participating restaurant.						read on...







summer employment opportunities are available now 


wp recreation & parks is looking for hardworking, dynamic individuals who have good leadership skills & enjoy working with children. if this is you, and you will be 16 by 6/22/24, you are invited to apply for a position with the rec & parks camp team.						read on...







the use of gas powered leaf blowers is prohibited until october 15 - december 15 


during the spring season the use of gas-powered leaf blowers is prohibited.  to report a violation call 914.422.1391.						read on...







register for the 9th annual ny fathering conference, april 16 


the 9th annual fathering conference “fatherhood: the journey forward”  will be held on april 16 from 8:30 am to 1 pm at the westchester county center.  the conference provides fathers with resources & support to live a full, healthy & productive life.						read on...







tips/information from con edison 


remember: don't go near downed electrical wires, treat downed wires as they are live.  report downed wires to con edison at 1.800.75.coned or online at www.coned.com.						read on...







are you a graduating senior?  apply today for the grandpas united civic engagement award 


grandpas united is providing $750 scholarship awards for four deserving graduating high school seniors.   if you know a high school senior who has taken civic action to better their community, nominate them for this award.  application deadline is 4/10						read on...







4.8 magnitude earthquake felt in white plains 


at 10:23 am an earthquake with a magnitude of 4.8 was felt in white plains & surrounding areas. we are not aware of any injuries or damage in white plains at this time.  limit your calls to public safety to emergency situations.						read on...







read the april, 2024 edition of the city of white plains newsletter 


the april 2024 newsletter includes need to know info about upcoming events and city programs including the return of the downtown farmers market on april 17, white plains wing walk, summer camp jobs, and more.						read on...







the city of white plains 2024 spring summer guide 


the city of white plains 2024 spring summer guide is now available online and has been delivered to white plains residences.  the guide is your go to source for recreational programming, parks, facilities and special events.						read on...







water main break 


there is a major water main break in the downtown area that is affecting water service throughout the city of white plains.						read on...







car seat safety check-up event this saturday at white plains high school 


the car seat check up event will take place saturday, march 23 from 9 am - 1:30 pm at white plains high school.  a trained officer will teach you the proper way to install & use your child safety seat.						read on...







funny bunny egg hunt - registration opens march 5 


the funny bunny egg hunt will take place on saturday, march 23 at white plains high school.   this is a free event for white plains children in prek - fifth grade. to register call rec & parks at 914.422.1336.						read on...







skate with mayor roach, wednesday, march 20 from 7-8 pm at ebersole ice rink 


join mayor roach for the first in the series of move with the mayor events.   skate with the mayor will take place wednesday, march 20 from 7-8pm at ebersole ice rink.  move with the mayor is a national initiative promoting a healthy lifestyle.						read on...







the city of white plains march 2024 newsletter 


the march 2024 newsletter includes need to know info about upcoming events and city programs including the st. patrick's day parade, three tax & money saving tips & more						read on...







city of white plains st. patrick's day parade - saturday, march 9 


come celebrate the 25th anniversary of the white plains st. patrick's day parade. the parade steps off at noon on mamaroneck avenue & celebrates the contributions of the irish people.  the parade will feature 20 marching bands & 15 floats.						read on...







register for the league of women voters/westchester disabled on the move webinar - rise up & vote 


register! educate! vote! use your power!  the lwv and the wdom are co-sponsoring the rise up people with disabilities & vote! zoom webinar on thurs. march 14 from 7-8 pm. registration required:  www.lwvw.org or call 914.366.7312.						read on...







experience the first wp youth aviation expo, saturday, march 2 @ eastview middle school 


white plains youth bureau, white plains high school, westchester aviation association, civil air patrol, vaughn college, million air hpn, performance flight & more are sponsoring the1st youth aviation expo, sat, march 2 10 am-2pm at eastview middle school						read on...







what can i do about my high energy bills? 


join nys senator shelley mayer on march 6 from 5:30 - 6:30 pm for a webinar to discuss what can be done about high energy bills.  register at tinyurl.com/mayerutilitywebinar2024			






battle of the badges, bravest v. finest - saturday, march 2 at ebersole ice rink 


join us for the annual battle of the badges where white plains local 274 professional firefighters take on the white plains pba for a fun rivalry on the ice.  proceeds benefit ronald mcdonald house. tickets $10 adults, $5 for children 6 -10 years of age.						read on...







the sale of 2024 transcenter annual resident meter parking permits will be extended 


read on...







fines/fees increase notification 


as of january 1/1/24 the following changes will occur within the municipal parking system:						read on...







the concert in turnure park is re-scheduled to wed oct 4th 


the performance by pablito y su latin show will be held on wednesday, october 4 at turnure park staring at 5:30 p.m.						read on...







heat advisory/cooling stations 


white plains offers the following amenities to help keep you cool:						read on...







white plains is now a certified bronze-level climate smart community 


read on...







2023-24 proposed budget 


2023-24 proposed budget document 







are you interested in serving on the mayor's youth council? 


the white plains youth bureau has announced it has openings on the mayor's youth council for white plains residents in grades 9-12. the first meeting is wednesday, october 3rd, 6:30 p.m. at the youth bureau 11 amherst place, white plains, ny 10601						read on...







view more articles




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 










 







white plains city calendar







 






  
 
 





 meetings calendar
 events calendar
 sanitation/recycling




 meetings calendar








calendar






february 2025




s


m


t


w


t


f


s




26
27
28
29
30
31
01

02
03
04
05
06
07
08

09
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
01












mon, feb 17  

conservation board meeting - cancelled

conservation board meeting - cancelledread on


tue, feb 18  

transportation commission meeting

transportation commission meetingread on





view all




/calendar.aspx





 events calendar








calendar






february 2025




s


m


t


w


t


f


s




26
27
28
29
30
31
01

02
03
04
05
06
07
08

09
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
01












thu, feb 27  

dominican flag raising

dominican flag raisingread on





view all




/calendar.aspx





 sanitation/recycling














 
 
 











 














white plains citywide speed limit reduced to 25 miles per hour 

the city of white plains speed limit will be reduced from 30 mph to 25 mph citywide.  the lower speed limit will make city streets safer for pedestrians, cyclists, & motorists.  vehicles moving at a lower speed reduce incidents of fatalities.				continue reading for frequently asked questions











get to know the city of white plains parks - spotlight on the bryant mamaroneck park storywalk 

white plains has active & passive parks. neighborhood, specialty & citywide parks. parks with pools, courts, fields, & facilities for all seasons and all ages.  join us now for our "in the spotlight" video tour of the bryant-mamaroneck park storywalk.				read on...











check out our white plains sizzle reel! 

a great overview of the city of white plains and who we are as a community.		additional info...










/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 




 







contact us







	white plains city hall


255 main street


white plains, ny 10601


	phone: 914-422-1200


contact us
 






  
 







quick links







2025 tentative assessment roll



2024-25 adopted budget



2023-2024 adopted budget summary



rec & parks prog guide 



municipal code (city charter)





view all




/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







faqs







view all department faqs









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







site links







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices



social media terms of use









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 






site tools





printer friendly
email page
help






 
 
 

 





government websites by civicplus®


 
 
 

 
















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









