













home page | lwi











































    skip to main content
  







main navigation


about





about lwi


board of directors


by-laws


committees


faq re membership, joining the listserv, committees, etc.


lwi's listserv (lwic)


letters from the president


professional status committee and status-related advocacy


visual identity




about lwi

the legal writing institute (lwi) is a nonprofit organization dedicated to improving legal communication, building the discipline of legal writing, and improving the status of legal writing faculty across the country.



our board


full board







some content is only available to members - sign in





conferences





all conferences


applied legal storytelling


one-day workshops


sirico scholars' workshop


we write retreats


regional conferences


other conferences











some content is only available to members - sign in





publications





all publications


legal writing


monograph series


the second draft


lwi lives


moot court advisor's handbook


ssrn ejournal











some content is only available to members - sign in





resources





all resources
for all resources


 


teachers
for teachers



alwd/lwi survey


committees


jobs


plagiarism


status-related advocacy


teaching bank


teaching online

 


scholars
for scholars



bibliographies


publishing


mentoring

 


practitioners
for practitioners



bibliographies


publications


other resources

 




some content is only available to members - sign in





teaching bank





grading rubrics


teaching international sudents


submit a resource






some content is only available to members - sign in





teaching bank


sign in




menu








sign in





become a member





sign in

the teaching bank is an online resource center. it includes writing problems and exercises,
                syllabi, grading rubrics, teaching ideas, and other materials. access to the teaching
                bank is professional teachers of legal writing.
              

learn more



teaching bank sign in:












forgot your password?





back to sign inforgot your password?enter your email and we'll send you a message to reset your password:











leave this field blank












become a member
lwi has nearly 3,000 members. members represent all aba-accredited law schools in the united states as well as law schools in other countries. lwi members also come from undergraduate schools and universities, the practicing bar and the judiciary, and independent research-and-consulting organizations. anyone who is interested in legal writing or the teaching of legal writing may join lwi.
learn more



become an lwi member:become a memberapply for our teaching bank membership:teaching bank membershipback to membership options
become an lwi member:

















leave this field blank




























donate to lwi

together, we can make a lasting impact. please consider donating to lwi today—every contribution matters.


donate here









2025 legal writing scholarship grants

lwi, alwd, and lexisnexis invite legal research and communication educators to apply for the 2025 legal writing scholarship grants. don't miss this opportunity to advance your scholarship and professional development!


learn more here









2025 blackwell award

alwd and lwi are proud to announce that the winner of the 2025 thomas f. blackwell memorial award for outstanding achievement in the field of legal writing!


read more here









december bootcamp

if you missed the december bootcamp and would like to access the recorded content, you may register to receive the recorded content below.


register here









joint comment regarding standard 405

click here to read the joint comment to the council regarding standard 405 and see lwi’s ongoing advocacy efforts to improve the status of legal writing faculty nationwide. 


read more 









2023-24 joint alwd/lwi survey

the report on the individual phase of the 2023-24 joint alwd/lwi survey results is now available! thank you to all members of the community who responded, and special thanks to the joint survey committee, led by lwi co-chair ted becker and ald co-chair marci rosenthal. 


access the report









10th biennial applied legal storytelling conference

mark your calendars now and stay tuned for more details on registration, accommodations, and programming. we look forward to seeing you in ann arbor!


conference details











 

the legal writing institute (lwi) is a nonprofit organization dedicated to improving legal communication. we believe that effective legal communication is critical to the wellbeing of society, the judicial system, and the legal profession.











the latest



all content types
conference
publications


sort by name
sort by date







        
            publications
      
  
    

        
            volume 36, no. 3
      
  
    





        
            publications
      
  
    

        
            vol. 36, no. 3
      
  
    





        
            conference
      
  
    

10th biennial applied legal storytelling conference



join us for the 10th biennial applied legal storytelling conference at the university of michigan law school in ann arbor from july 9-11, 2025. this






        
            conference
      
  
    

16th global legal skills conference



the 16th global legal skills conference will be held june 4-6, 2024, and will be hosted by the university of bari aldo moro in bari






        
            conference
      
  
    

meet the board event



have you ever considered running for the lwi board? if so, then please join lwi board members via zoom on nov. 15 from 4-5pm






        
            conference
      
  
    

new england legal writing conference



new england legal writing conference: the future of legal education is golden
suffolk university law school is hosting a conference this fall on thursday, november






pagination



next page
next ›















standard 405 advocacy updates




  
you can read about and stay updated on the joint effort to revise standard 405 on the professional status committee and status-related advocacy page. you can also click here to read the most recent joint comment supporting and suggesting revisions to the council’s august 2024 proposal.




















footer nav


contact us


privacy policy


terms & conditions




© 2017 | legal writing institute



 lwi on facebook
 @lwionline on twitter
 lwi on linkedin
 lwi on instagram
 lwi on periscope































