










las vegas best off-strip hotel suites | the platinum hotel & spa



























































skip to main content




important notice: our pool is currently closed for maintenance from december 10 to mid-january.
            




702.365.5000
call us


                |
                toll free 877.211.9211

email sign up



















make reservation









suites




specials





spa




dining




weddings & events




wedding venues


wedding packages


chapel in the sky


wedding gallery


submit rfp





meetings




submit rfp


capacity chart


catering menu





gallery




location




about platinum hotel 


vegas attractions


unlv


convention center


faqs




make reservation














arrive
feb 19 2025


depart
feb 20 2025



adults



children







please select departure date.



close







by continuing to browse our site or clicking "i agree," you agree to the storing of cookies on your computer or device. see the platinum hotel's privacy policy.
i agree












the platinum hotel & spa
 




















 
all suite las vegas hotel
experience the comfort and convenience of the platinum hotel & spa in las vegas. located off the strip, we’re just steps away from some of the most sought-after attractions and things to do in las vegas. our non-gaming, non-smoking hotel creates a perfect oasis for your next vegas getaway. relax in your oversized room, ranging from 910 to 2,100 square feet, with optional one or two-bedroom suites and a fully-equipped kitchen. in addition, every suite offers a stunning view from your private walk-out balcony to soak in all that las vegas has to offer.
  book now    take virtual tour






suites & hotel features
oversized comfort
treat yourself to a new experience in the best suites in vegas. located only one block from the vibrant las vegas strip, the platinum hotel & spa is a non-gaming, non-smoking hotel and features 255 well-appointed one and two-bedroom suites, perfect for a getaway with friends and family, or business trip.
						enjoy stunning vegas views, complimentary on-site self-parking, year-round heated indoor and outdoor pools, a fitness center, and same-day laundry services. make your stay even easier with in-room dining, available from 7:30-11am and 4-10pm. start planning your stay today.
view our suites 









las vegas spa
relax off the strip
step away from the hustle and bustle of vegas and indulge in a one-of-a-kind experience at platinum spa + iv lounge (coming soon!) 
						our personalized spa treatments are designed to revitalize your mind, body, and soul, with expert therapists tailoring services to your unique needs. discover our diverse menu of rejuvenating options and treat yourself to a relaxing break away from the strip’s excitement.
book now 









vegas weddings
create your perfect day
love is a journey, and it starts at the platinum hotel & spa, a premier setting for las vegas weddings. our wedding spaces will provide the most romantic backdrop to your special day with breathtaking views of the strip and mountain ranges.
						whether you’re planning an intimate ceremony or large reception, our luxurious venues can accommodate the wedding you’ve been dreaming about. from poolside sunset receptions to a 17th floor rooftop terrace, with panoramic views of the las vegas strip, our function spaces offer an elegant, sophisticated setting for your wedding. discover our wedding packages and begin planning your perfect vegas wedding today.
discover more









world class location
the best of las vegas
located only steps outside the doors of the platinum hotel & spa, our convenient location brings the excitement of the strip to you. whether you’re in search of high-stakes gambling, world-renowned shows, or iconic restaurants, all your desires are at your fingertips.
						with all the best las vegas attractions so close, blended with the comfort of relaxing at your suite in a non-smoking, non-gaming environment, the platinum hotel makes for the perfect destination.
area attractions










email sign up

 
get offers




employment
contact
terms of use
privacy policy
reservations
marcus portfolio
sitemap
website accessibility
reservation policy
owners portal



the platinum hotel | 211 e. flamingo road, las vegas, nevada 89169
            

                call us 702.365.5000 | toll free 877.211.9211










                © 2025 marcus corporation. all rights reserved.
            













































