










home - riggs institute









































 









skip to content






 





home 

overview


about us 

who we are, what we teach and why
publisher disclosure


faqs
philosophy 

student expectation
motivate older students
weekly lists


scope & sequence
services 

overview/catalog
how we teach/instructional methodologies
what we teach/phonetic sytem
adaptation instructions
curriculum survey form
training seminar


resources 

literacy tips
glossary
spelling and vowel rules
course of study
how to present the phonograms


education reform 

workbooks vs. direct instruction
helping children learn phonemic & graphemic awareness
phonics, spelling & whole language
phonics is phonics – or is it?
the indispensable elements of reading
becoming a nation of readers
the four sacred cows
california/textbook adoption


research 

kids brain power
the indispensable elements of reading
research on learning to read and spell
is riggs wrtrt researched?


contact
online catalog
 




site search



search for:

search
 















								home							
















home



september 9, 2019september 28, 2023
by johnsondandv











the riggs institute




changing the way people think about teaching




writing, spelling, reading, and thinking






welcome to the riggs institute





the riggs institute is a self-supporting, non-profit literacy agency and publisher. we offer language arts curriculum for teachers and parents as well as formal training seminars.






about





the riggs institute is a self-supporting non-profit literacy agency founded in 1979 by myrna t mcculloch. we support our literacy initiatives (curriculum, “awareness of the issues” and training and assistance in collaborative efforts across the world) through the sale of our curriculum materials and training, which are in keeping with our irs status as a 501(c)(3) agency. we operate under a board of directors, all of which are unpaid, voluntary positions.


learn more


methodologies





parents and teachers have long known that a child’s brain can soak up information like a sponge. but now, researchers have scientific evidence to back up the theory, along with advice on ways to help children reach their full potential. steve nadia – technology review “kids brainpower”


learn more


how to present the phonograms





the most important component of this program, which enables virtually every learner to learn, is the simultaneous multi-sensory methodology used to teach it. each student’s “learning style” is addressed, neurologically, through four avenues to the mind.


learn moreoverview



the writing and spelling road to reading and thinking





the writing and spelling road to reading and thinking, written by the institute’s founder myrna t. mcculloch, still teaches the phonetic structure of correct english spelling. twenty-six letters from the 45 sounds of english speech, using 71 common phonograms (letters and combinations of letters which make a single sound in a given word). these are taught in four weeks, simultaneously with dictated letter formation instructions designed to prevent or correct common reversals and to develop cognitive visual/directional motor skills.
these sound/symbol relationships are then applied in the dictation of 2100+ of the most commonly used spelling words. forty-seven rules of spelling, plurals and syllabication are stressed along with a memory-aid marking system. this method begins where english-speaking primary level children are in their spoken and comprehensible vocabularies (4000 to 24,000 words) when they begin first grade. the intent is to enable them to spell, write and read what they can already say and understand by the end of grade two.
methodologies used
to address all “learning styles” without risking discrimination, orton, spalding and riggs (mentor to our founder/author myrna mcculloch) say we must use four pathways to the brain:

sight
sound
voice
writing

we teach using multi-sensory, classical direct, socratic instruction and dictation, thus teaching through the stronger avenues while remedying any weaker avenues without the necessity of pre-testing. direct and socratic instruction includes presenting the concepts through questioning rather than exclusively telling, illustrating those concepts, helping students to practice the concepts, using teaching charts which are created with the students, then assigning and assessing work to determine mastery. dictation is prominently featured in this method to build comprehension and the requisite auditory and phonological awareness and processing skills necessary for students to think, spell, and write on their own.






connect with us


contact
 













search our site
search for:

search
 

sole sources read more >

 





					copyright © the riggs institute. all rights reserved				

					theme by colorlib powered by wordpress 







































