





new zealand travel guide, photos and maps.
















































home
about
faqs




 login (coming  soon)


	not a member? register (coming  soon)













backpack new zealand
new zealand travel guide





home
travel guide
about new zealand
photos
maps
contact


















why new zealand?
 
 
aspiring


keepler track fiordland national park.







why new zealand?
 
 
adventure!


queenstown shotover river.







why new zealand?
 
 
tranquillity & relaxation


bendemeer south island.







why new zealand?
 
 
culture


rotoruatraditional maori welcome.







why new zealand?
 
 
nature


kaikoura humpback whale.







why new zealand?
 
 
really?
do you really need another reason? 

new zealandnature at it's best.







why new zealand?
 
 
ok, i give up!
i am going to the beach!

abel tasman national park.










 
having started this site 23 years ago i have given up on the backpacking side of things - hostel, tours etc as it is too time consuming keeping up with latest prices and closures. although i'm keeping the site up, i've removed all hostel and business listings. i will keep some of the articles up since some things never change. furthermore, i'll continue to focus on the mapping aspect and have recently added a database of all linz tracks or a sortable table limited to tracks over 800m, complete with links to each of their maps. i will give my final tip for travellers to new zealand - go tramping! it is the best way and cheapest way to see the real new zealand, the natural side of new zealand. it's what i miss most about home since i have been living in europe, no where in the world comes close to the network of hiking tracks and huts we have.



latest articles

















travel guide: catlins












articles: doc huts












new zealand people












hiking faq












money and costs












the coromandel












stewart island north west circuit












auckland

















5 days travelling the south island

in travelog
by darren



i highly recommend renting a car / vehicle even if you have more time than i did. i believe it is the most flexible way to see a place as wide open as the south island. here is a quick summary of my tour...

read more















bull mound / quoin ridge

in hiking tracks
by grant



heading from near palmerston north to the capital, the tararua forest park offers many weekend tramping opportunities, though the wild winds that strike this part of the country are a constant threat. the open tops provide vistas stretching from the wairarapa to the kapiti coast and south to wellington harbour.


read more















abel tasman costal track

in hiking tracks
by maureen



the abel tasman coastal track is a breathtaking, casual walk around a spectacular, unspoilt coastline. this is a haven for anyone out there who loves the sea. there are brilliant, blue lagoons, estuaries and tropical island sanctuaries. the beaches, oh those beaches are simply a delight covered with sand that is so soft on your skin it feels like powder.

read more















rotorua

in travel guide
by maureen



when you say rotorua, people roll their eyes and nod dreamily. rotorua is a mystical and magical place where steam rises from the ground, geysers erupt, mud pool bubble and hot springs steam. rotorua is primarily renowned for its hydrothermal activity which has drawn tourists since the 1800s.


read more













tourist map
map of new zealand with photos highlighting some awesome places.











accommodation




camp
huts









campsites








backcountry huts























popular posts




new zealand people



hiking faq



auckland










categories


travel guide
articles 
hiking tracks
directory
maps
new zealand photos 






random photos













 copyright © 1999 - 2025 backpack new zealand  |  all rights reserved | privacy policy
 


connect with us




































