



































































roanoke times | breaking news | roanoke.com | read roanoke, va and virginia breaking news. get latest news, events and information on virginia sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















29°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



virginia video network



crime



state



education



politics



nation & world



business



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



virginia tech



uva



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion 



people



pets



travel



faith



contests



puzzles



comics



play




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



roanoke archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



today's deal




shopping


curated-commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









29°
mostly cloudy
























        
        
            virginia tech hopes to get lawal the ball more at bc

the hokies will visit last-place bc on tuesday.

















        
        
            pry brought in montgomery to "grow" the hokies' passing game

“i think we need to grow our passing game. i think philip gives us a great opportunity to do that,” brent pry said.

















        
        
            virginia ranked last in u.s. for math recovery from 2019-2024

average student achievement in math for virginia’s students remains almost a full grade level below 2019 levels, according to researchers at harvard and stanford universities.

















        
        
            bill to curb appalachian power's rate increases advances

proposed legislation by del. jason ballard, r-giles, goes next to the senate floor.

















        
        
            in the region: roanoke men crack top 25 poll

plus basketball, wrestling, swimming and baseball action.

















        
        
            protesters in roanoke decry trump, musk, congress

among the hundreds of people who amassed outside the federal building in downtown roanoke during lunch hour monday, frustrations pointed toward president donald trump and his advisor, billionaire elon musk.

















        
        
            vhsl altering state wrestling, swim and dive championships due to impending storm

forecasts are calling for several inches of snow and ice across the commonwealth










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            wsls blames 'human error' for not airing end of 'saturday night live' special


















        
        
            roanoke schools to explore possible third high school


















        
        
            rocky mount families win civil lawsuit following years of racial intimidation















                
                the latest










        
        
            virginia under a winter weather advisory wednesday and thursday – up to 4 inches of snow

a winter weather advisory was issued by the national weather service on tuesday at 3:13 a.m. valid from wednesday 6 a.m. until thursday 1 p.m. the advisory is for the roanoke area as well as botetourt, rockbridge, patrick, franklin and bedford counties. 




















        
        
            controversial virginia bill on license plate readers advancing again

the bill would set rules about who can see and use data from license plate readers and could allow the readers to be installed along up to 60,000 miles of state highways,












        
        
            wind advisory issued for virginia until monday midday

the national weather service issued a wind advisory at 4:41 a.m. on monday in effect until noon. the advisory is for the roanoke area as well as tazewell, smyth, bland, giles, wythe, pulaski, montgomery, grayson, carroll, floyd, craig, alleghany, bath, botetourt, rockbridge, franklin, bedfor…




















        
        
            virginia: with peace on tax rebates, gaming on the table in budget talks

the odds are strong that gaming, not tax cuts or education spending, will dominate budget talks between the house of delegates and senate in the final week of the session.





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            protesters against trump administration decisions organize outside of poff federal building




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion




















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto




















        
        
            hokies' pry on hiring montgomery as oc












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            hokies' pry on hiring montgomery as oc

virginia tech coach brent pry discusses the hire of philip montgomery as the hokies' new offensive coordinator. 




















        
        
            in the region: vmi basketball wins at mercer

plus more basketball, softball and wrestling.





















        
        
            roanoke upsets no. 4 hampden-sydney

roanoke holds on over the final seconds to defeat no. 4 hampden-sydney, 81-72, on saturday inside the cregger center. 




















        
        
            in the region: tech's lemley pitches 2nd perfect game

plus more softball, baseball and basketball.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            11 best clean protein powders

affiliate content. find the perfect protein for your lifestyle! discover the 11 best clean protein powders for optimal nutrition and performance.




















        
        
            kids who read succeed

content by elevate early education. kids who read succeed.












contributor








        
        
            investing in mental wealth: 11 ways business owners can support employees

contributor content. a new year provides a fresh opportunity for business owners to reflect on their role in supporting their workforce's mental health and overall well-being.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            john l. eby, jr., dds



                                        3150 brambleton avenue, sw, roanoke, va 24018
                                    






















        
        
            bt enterprises



                                        po box 8073, roanoke, va 24014
                                    






















        
        
            new river community action/head start



                                        1093 east main st, radford, va 24141
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





instagram









sites & partners


place an ad

today's deal

event calendar

join our team

newsletter signup

public notices

get healthy




services


manage subscription

contact us

licensing

shopping

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        roanoke.com, 210 church ave. s.w., suite 100 roanoke, va 24011
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






sports breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe

























