




disneyland paris travel guide | everything about disney in paris
































































important pages


trip planing
tickets
packages
deals




  
  


deals, packages & tickets

tickets*
packages*






  
  



suche







price matchpromiseenjoy the best price around for a hotel & ticket package at disneyland paris*




disney premieraccessneed for speed? overtake the queue for some of the most popular attractions thanks to the fast lane*







homepage








dlp.info - your guide to disneyland paris
welcome to dein-dlrp.de, the comprehensive free disneyland paris travel guide! here you will find information on all important topics concerning the disneyland park just a few miles outside the gates of paris.





disneyland paris - current offers & news



































  

now: christmas at disneyland paris
christmas at disneyland paris is simply magical! kitschy, romantic & full of highlights. this particularly magical time is about to begin again! from 9.11. you can experience all the highlights of the christmas season again, including mickey's dazzling christmas parade and a meeting with santa claus. or enjoy your favorite christmas songs performed by disney characters at let's sing christmas.





  

lastly: halloween in disneyland paris
throughout october, disneyland is dominated by pumpkins, ghosts and witches, even the magnificent main street is full of pumpkins and here and there a ghost peeps out. of course, the background music in the parks is also geared towards halloween and there is even a special parade, mickey's halloween celebration. instead of the cheerful, upbeat music that usually echoes through the streets, spooky, scary tunes are played during the halloween season










table of contents


table of contents

buy tickets for disneyland paris
what does disneyland paris has to offer

disneyland parks
walt disney studios park
disney village
events, shows & seasonal highlights


disney hotels & disney nature resorts
make the most of your trip to disneyland paris
what else can i find at disneyland paris?

val d'europe
golf disneyland
official disneyland paris partner hotels










book tickets & packages for disneyland paris









tickets disneyland paris


get dated day tickets for 1-4 days at the best price - the full disney magic from just €56.00
cancel free of charge up to 3 days before the booked date
or stay flexible with day tickets that you can use within a year - from just €105

the budget-friendly, dated tickets & multi-day tickets are only available before the first day of your visit & only online! find out more about disneyland paris tickets & all your options here.
buy tickets cheap










packages for the disney hotels


experience disney at its best: with overnight stays in magnificently themed hotels
including admission to both parks on all days of your stay
spend the night in the wild west, experience the excitement of marvel or sleep like a disney princess

to make your choice easier, take a look at all the information about the disney hotels here. you can also find out more about how to book a disneyland paris holiday with us.
book a package at the best price







what does disneyland paris have to offer?





disneyland park



join us on a fairytale journey through five breathtaking lands where adventure waits for you just around every corner. discover attractions and shows, meet the disney characters and immerse yourself in the magic of a disney park, which can be felt especially intense in front of sleeping beauty castle. at the entrance to disneyland park you will find the inscription "here you leave today and enter the world of yesterday, tomorrow and fantasy". so what are you waiting for?! the disney magic awaits you!
more information about disneyland park





walt disney studios park



discover the world of movies! what secrets are hidden behind the scenes of a movie studio? immerse yourself in the world of disney & pixar movies that come to life in this theme park. in addition to roller coasters and carousels, the walt disney studios park also offers first-class shows that will take you straight to broadway. you can also immerse yourself in the world of marvel superheroes at the avengers campus, which opens in 2022.
more about walt disney studios park





disney village



enjoy yourself around the clock and even at lofty heights. the disney village with its wide range of activities awaits you! right at the gates of the two disney parks and in the immediate neighbourhood of the disney hotels, you will find the disneyland paris amusement district, where a multitude of restaurants, bars and shops await you, where you can pass the time from early in the morning until late at night. experience live sport events on the giant screen or are you more in the mood for a dinner in the jungle? both are possible and by no means everything that awaits you here in terms of food, drink and entertainment. and if all this wasn't exciting enough, then climb to lofty heights with panoramagique and view the resort from above.
more information about disney village





events, shows & seasonal highlights



disneyland paris, in addition to the attractions and roller coasters in the two theme parks, is famous for its events and shows, which are part of the permanent entertainment programme, enchanting guests and making children's eyes light up. day after day, the stars on parade through disneyland park attracts numerous visitors, while in the evening buffalo bill's wild west show is a popular destination for young and old alike. not forgetting the various seaonal events such as halloween and christmas, which cause a big stir in the theme parks every year with their extras, special parades and shows. the shows at disneyland naturally also include the atmospheric disney music, which by the way creates a special atmosphere throughout the resort and is always in tune with the surounding area, from the western sounds around big thunder mountain to the songs from the classic walt disney films in fantasyland.
learn more about the shows & events at disneyland paris




disney hotels & disney nature resorts
in the disney hotels you are close to the magic. these hotels, which are located directly on the grounds of disneyland paris invite you to live your disney dream all day and night long. here you not only enjoy an extra portion of magic and the full disney feeling, but also benefit from numerous special services, such as extra magic time.

here is an overview of the disney hotels and disney nature resorts:










		  disneyland hotel
	
	 pure elegance, luxury and a lot of comfort await you at the disneyland hotel, which is located directly at the entrance to disneyland park. let yourself be pampered!












disney hotel new york: the art of marvel

		a hotel where everything revolves around the marvel superheroes? this dream comes true at the disney hotel new york: the art of marvel. a luxurious hotel in the style of an art gallery with many marvel objects.












disney newport bay club

	  the disney newport bay club offers you stylish elegance without being pompous. you can relax and at the same time explore the two disney parks - enjoy it.












disney sequoia lodge

	   welcome to the national parks of north america - this is how you will feel at disney sequoia lodge! rustic and cozy, with a dose of disney magic.












disney hotel cheyenne

		welcome to the wild west! do you have a lasso and cowboy hat with you? small and large cowboys will feel comfortable at disney hotel cheyenne. so book a room at this wild west hotel quickly.












disney hotel santa fe

		  welcome to route 66, deep in the south-west of the united states. here at disney hotel santa fe, lighning mcqueen or hook could come jumping around the corner at any moment.












disney davy crockett ranch

		 the disney davy crockett ranch is located in the middle of nature, in a quiet forest. here you can spend the night in a log cabin in the forest, have a barbecue in the evening and relax with the whole family.












villages natures paris

	villages nature paris combines disney magic and the offer of a center parc - here you can really enjoy both, from the themed pool to a petting zoo to the magic of the disney theme parks.







make the most of your trip to disneyland paris
here you will find everything you need to know before you book a trip to disneyland paris (formerly euro disney or euro disneyland) to spend an incomparable and magical holiday! here is a quick overview on the way to your disneyland paris dream holiday: it already starts with the travel planning! if you have the question "when should i travel to disneyland paris?", our travel planning section will help you! you'll find everything from choosing the best time to go (when are holidays in france, spain and other european countries? how crowded will disneyland paris be because of this). what are the best offers for tickets? or should i rather book a package including breakfast and half board and if so, are there any special offers? you need more information? just have a look at the "travel planning" section of our online disneyland pairs travel guide book! once you have made up your mind about these questions about your planned trip, the next big question is "which hotel should i book at disneyland? there are the disney hotels and the partner hotels as well as many other accommodation options in the area - each option has its advantages. with our detailed descriptions of each hotel you are sure to find what you are looking for. to make your holiday a dream come true, just take a look at "disneyland paris resort" in the navigation bar here on this website. there you will find all the information about the various accommodation options at disneyland paris! once you have decided on a hotel and booked your room, you will need a ticket for disneyland paris (formerly: euro disneyland). should it be a one-day ticket or do you need admission for several days? or did you already add the tickets directly with your booking (the disney packages already include the admission to the theme parks)? and once you're on site, there's a lot to experience during your stay! that's why the next question comes up very quickly! what should i not miss? which attractions are there in the parks? where can i find which roller coaster? how do i spend my holiday? how much does it cost to eat at disneyland paris? again, the travel guide from dlp.info will help you make the most of your trip! just take a look at the "holiday in disneyland paris" section of the navigation and learn all about disneyland paris! actually, it's quite simple: book a hotel, add a day ticket, arrange your arrival and off you go!




what else can i find at disneyland paris?





val d'europe



the resort consists of more than just the two theme parks, the disney village and the hotels: val d'europe, as part of marne-la-valle, is another core element. it is one of the valleys in the marne-la-valée region where disneyland paris is located. the huge shopping centre and the extensive designer outlet "la vallée village" in val d'europe also belong to disneyland resort paris. here, apart from mickey mouse and donald duck, you can shop in a relaxed atmosphere and let yourself be pampered by a comprehensive culinary offer. this area, which is a unique project for france and particularly important for the development of the economy of the marne-la-valée region, is home to housing estates, shops, restaurants, offices and hotels, as well as a sea life aquarium, where the underwater world comes to life.
learn more about val d'europe





golf disneyland



are you a passionate golfer or have you always wanted to try out how it feels to stand on the green? no matter what your golf skills are like: golf paris val d'europe is the right place for you! golf paris val d'europe is located just a short distance from the two disney theme parks and the disney hotels. it's a golf course that's open seven days a week and consists of three 9-hole courses, so you have several options for playing an 18-hole round. if you don't have a license to play the course, you can take training lessons and also get the right equipment on site. and if you just want to get a taste of the atmosphere, that's no problem either. from the clubhouse you have a good view of the course.
further information about golf disneyland




official disneyland paris partner hotels












hotel l'elysée

		 l'elysée is an official partner hotel of disneyland paris. in the heart of val d'europe, it is the perfect accommodation for those who want to combine a vacation in france with some disney magic.












explorers hotel

		   one of the official partner hotels of disneyland paris at val de france. it offers a free shuttle to the parks, a great swimming pool and much more.












campanile hotel

		    official partner hotel of disneyland paris at val de france, which was known as kyriad until early 2019. 3-star comfort, a restaurant, a free shuttle to the parks and much more are waiting for you.












b&b hotel

		    the b&b hotel is an official partner hotel of disneyland paris at val de france. simple and functional equipped at an affordable price, with a free shuttle to the disney parks.












adagio hotel

		 official partner hotel of disneyland paris at val d'europe. apartments for up to 7 people, a pool, underground parking and more are offered for a relaxing holiday close to the magic.









disneyland paris resortdisneyland paris at a glancedisneyland parkmain street, u.s.a.frontierlandadventurelandfantasylandmeet mickey mouseprincess pavilionsleeping beauty castle discoverylandmeet darth vader shows and paradesdisney illuminationsdisney stars on paradedisney d-light & after glowdream and shine brighter  walt disney studiosfront lotproduction courtyardavengers campustoon studiosmeet olafonce upon a time: art of disney animation worlds of pixarshows, parades & eventscoming soon: frozen landonce considered: star wars landonce upon a time... backlot disney villagebarsrestaurantsshoppingshows, cinema & more disney hotelsdisneyland hotelmy royal encounter disney's hotel new york - the art of marvelhotel guide disney's hotel new york - the art of marvel disney newport bay clubhotel guide disney's newport bay club disney sequoia lodgehotel guide disney's sequoia lodge disney hotel cheyennehotel guide disney's hotel cheyenne disney hotel santa fehotel guide disney's hotel santa fe disney davy crockett ranchhotel guide disney's davy crockett ranch  more hotelsdisneyland paris partner hotelshotel l'elysée val d' europestaycity paris marne la valléeadagio marne-la-vallée val d'europecampanile val de franceexplorers hotelb&b hotelappart city hotel marne la vallée val d'europedream castlegrand magic hotel (ex magic circus)marriott village d'ile de franceradisson blu hotelrelais spa hotelresidhome val d'europehipark serris val d'europeibis val d'europeresidence du parcsejours et affaires serris rive gaucheibis budget hotel val d'europecampingmotor homeholiday home villages nature paris by center parcsgolf disneylandclub-house grill (menu)golf resort radisson blu disneyland parismarriott vacation club village ile de france val d'europesea life val d'europe events, shows & seasonal highlightsevents at disneylandrundisney seasonal events at disneylandshows & parades at disneyland 



disneyland paris calendar

today's waiting times, restaurants and more in our day calendar


disneyland paris calendar with opening hours, crowd forecast, ticket prices, deals and much more




disneyland trip planningdisneyland special offersearly bird offerslast minute offers disneyland packagesdisney's meal planticketsstaying overnightdisney hotelsdisney nature resortspartner hotelsmore hotelscampingholiday with the motorhomeholiday flat disneyland for disabled guestsdisabled priority cardeasy access cardguests with disabilities able to walk disneyland with childrendisneyland with toddlerscelebrate a birthday at disneyland parismeet the disney charactersprincess for a day disneyland for adultsdisneyland paris for pregnant womensave moneyspecial offers best time to travelweatherfrench school holidayseuropean school holidayspublic holidays in france arrivalcarbusplanetrain closed attractionsbook your holidayholiday in disneyland parismeet the disney charactersselfie spotsmeet the disney characters with lineberty appmeet the disney princessesmeet darth vadermeet mickey mousemeet olafprincess paviliondining with the disney characters short breakday tripshort tripweekend trip princess for a dayfind disney (and other) movies at the resortdiningdining with disney characterstable service restaurantsbuffet restaurantsfast food restaurantsdisney's meal plancelebrate a birthday at disneylandbook a tablebreakfast at disneylandvegetarian foodfood for allergy sufferers shoppingshopping service disneyana & collectiblespin tradingvinylmation nightlifesport & active holidaysgolf disneylandrundisneywellness at disneyland paris servicesbaby switchbaby care centerdisabled priority carddisneyland paris appdisney shopping serviceeasy access cardphoto passdisney premier accessextra magic timelineberty appmagic shotsluggage storagestroller and wheelchair rentalanimal care centeronce upon a time: fastpass good to knowdisabled priority cardeasy access cardfirst aidlost and found officecash machine / atmluggage storageclosed attractionsinternet accessparking & car parkspark ruleswaiting times experience moreextra magic timelinebertyguided tourssave timegetting married at disneyland useful tipsmeet the disney charactersvegetarian foodsave timetips for people with disabilitiestips for pregnant womenfastpass attractions in an overviewroller coastersthrill ridesdark ridesfamily attractionsattractions for childrenattractions for girlsattractions for boyspixar at disneylandstar wars at disneylandtoy story at disneylandwaiting times for attractions tourstour for those in a hurrytour with toddlersaction tourguided tours 




more from dein-dlrp



disneyland parisgerman version of our guidebook
walt disney worldthe big german guide book
main street emporiumour huge forum about everything disney





useful informationworking at disneyland pariscontact to disneyland paris















our site contains affiliate links. these are marked with *. if you book or purchase something via these links, we will receive a commission. this will not cost you anything extra. thank you for your support.

impressum / imprint | datenschutzerklärung / privacy policy












thank you,for visiting our guide.check back regularly!




			© dein-dlrp | some elements ©disney. dlp.info is a travel guide for disneyland paris and is independent of "the walt disney company", "eurodisney s.c.a." or their subsidiaries or affiliates.

impressum / imprint | datenschutzerklärung / privacy policy


















book a disneyland paris dream vacation









arrival



nights

−

+



hotels & resorts

all
disney hotels
disneyland hotel
hotel new york
newport bay club
sequoia lodge
hotel cheyenne
hotel santa fe
davy crockett ranch
villages nature
partner hotels
hotel l'elysée
staycity apart
ki space hotel & spa
explorer's hotel
campanile val de france
b&b hotel
adagio val d'europe



adults (18+)

−

+



children (0-17)

−

+









