









home2 - mache - minnesota association of christian home educators



































































 





skip to content
























homeschool minnesota - mâché






minnesota association of christian home educators




















































 
homeabout us about us contact us beliefs who’s who advertise with mâché volunteermn law mâché legislative watch mn law current legislation reporting forms faq’sresources homeschool minnesota podcast minnesota homeschool university how to begin homeschooling is homeschooling for me? how to begin homeschooling withdrawing a child from public school help! i’m overwhelmed testing resources special needs partner with us important links homeschool now archives video library article archiveevents leadership weekend 2025 2025 mâché homeschool day at the capitol class of 2025 graduation 2025 mâché convention calendar advertisers, exhibitors, & speakers add a community eventstore store checkout cartgroups group listings add a group listing g suite for educationmy account my account member resourcesdonate donate to mâché














become a member










 
















 


how to begin homeschooling


 


 
 


 



 


partner with mâché


 































we inspire, equip, and protect minnesota homeschool families.




















 
 



















 
 



















 
 



















 
 



















 
 



















 
 



















is public online or virtual school at home the same as homeschooling? no.
the growth in the number of online public school programs has led to confusion between traditional homeschooling and online public school. enrolling your child into a publicly funded program is not homeschooling. 
according to hslda:












in a homeschool,
»  education is parent-directed,
»  education is customized to meet the child’s and family’s needs,
»  education is primarily home-based, and
»  educational choices are left up to the parents, but they must still comply with state homeschooling laws.











however, homeschooling is not
»  virtual public school, or
»  curriculum provided through a public school or district.












you can find additional distinctions between traditional homeschooling versus public school at home at hslda.
 



















join or renew your membership today!
partner with us as we help to protect your freedoms, equip, and inspire minnesota homeschool families.





join now





















connect with us!
subscribe to our e-newsletter!
subscribe to the homeschool minnesota (mache) e-newsletter to stay updated on legislative alerts, homeschool news, and community events.







name

please enter your name.


email address

please enter a valid email address.




subscribe!




thanks for subscribing! please check your email for further instructions.
something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.









 















© 2025 mâché – minnesota association of christian home educators
12527 central avenue ne suite 317
minneapolis, mn 55434














login to my account ~ refund and privacy policy
phone: 763.717.9070









 






x close






0




scroll to top 







































