














department of biochemistry and molecular biology » college of medicine » university of florida










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































skip to main content





skip to main menu






uf health






      university of florida
      













        department of biochemistry and molecular biology
      



          college of medicine
        










open search







open main menu










main navigation




        home
                          - current page











        about
                              





show submenu for about




about overview








        administration
                              





        awards & honors
                              





        contact us
                              





        giving
                              








        dr. mavis agbandje-mckenna
                              







        department resources
                              







        faculty
                              





show submenu for faculty




faculty overview








        primary faculty
                              





        instructional faculty
                              





        joint faculty
                              





        affiliate faculty
                              





        emeritus faculty
                              





        research faculty
                              





        research staff
                              





        postdoctoral associates
                              







        research
                              





show submenu for research




research overview








        faculty research interests
                              





        facilities
                              





        research labs
                              





        publications
                              





        grants
                              







        graduate programs
                              





show submenu for graduate programs




graduate programs overview








        m.s. and combined b.s./m.s. degree program
                              





        ph.d. program
                              





        online graduate certificate in medical biochemistry & molecular biology 
                              





        request information
                              





        current graduate students
                              





        former graduate students
                              







        academics
                              





show submenu for academics




academics overview








        undergraduate courses
                              





        graduate courses
                              





        distance education
                              





        science advice
                              





        student services
                              








        supervisory committee information
                              








        registration
                              








        travel funding
                              








        graduation checklist
                              








        student forms
                              









        news & events
                              


































                research and education at the forefront of biochemistry & molecular biology
              


              biochemistry and molecular biology offers a wide range of courses and research training programs for medical, dental, graduate and undergraduate students. we invite you to explore our website and to visit our departmental offices and labs.
            











learn about our research






meet our faculty






dr. mavis scholarship fund














                        the foundation for discovery
                          



          the department of biochemistry and molecular biology provides road map for research in molecular life sciences
        


read article





















                        nih funding
                      


          the department of biochemistry and molecular biology (bmb) is proud to announce that we are the #1 ranked nih-funded bmb department in the state of florida and in the top 10 bmb departments among public universities in the u.s.
        























research news












                        new online graduate certificate program
                          


published on january 28, 2025
          


          the department of biochemistry and molecular biology at the university of florida college of medicine is pleased to announce a new graduate…
        


read story






















                        uf medicine research shows the role of diet in…
                          


published on november 26, 2024
          


          matthew merritt, ph.d., a professor in the department of biochemistry and molecular biology, recently published research in the journal cells report…
        


read story






















                        mckenna and mietzsch paper selected as editor’s…
                          


published on october 16, 2024
          


          congratulation to dr. rob mckenna & dr. mario mietzsch!



their paper titled “the structure of spiroplasma virus 4: exploring the capsid…
        


read story


















see more department news






dr. ramon sun receives 2024 sfg glycobiology significant achievement award







mbi names associate directors for research programs and innovation







tedx uf | lauren douma, ph.d.












view all posts









our research









science-molecule-strucutre










                        enzymatic mechanisms and structure-function relationships
                          




see research faculty listing













science-dna








                        gene regulation and the control of protein function
                          




see research faculty listing













science-atom-positive-negative












                        nucleic acid-protein interactions and chromatin structure
                          




see research faculty listing













science-bacteria










                        metabolism and in-born errors of metabolism
                          




see research faculty listing













science-neurons








                        macromolecular structure determination
                          




see research faculty listing




















calendar of events







department calendar
upcoming events







              feb 18
            






bmb journal club | alexander pearce & matthew petrides









                                      11:45am to 12:35pm
                                  







              feb 19
            






dr. joseph takahashi – office of research seminar









                                      3:30pm to 4:30pm
                                  







              feb 20
            






protective interorgan, intercellular, and intercompartmental metabolite shuttles in obesity









                                      4:00pm to 5:00pm
                                  







              feb 25
            






masters thesis defense: catherine mckenzie









                                      9:30am to 11:00am
                                  






bmb journal club | jacob ratcliffe & matthew gibbons









                                      11:45am to 12:35pm
                                  







              feb 26
            






masters thesis defense: pranit manohar









                                      1:00pm to 2:00pm
                                  






bmb faculty research discussion | charlie khemtong









                                      4:00pm to 5:00pm
                                  







              feb 27
            






doctoral dissertation defense: kimberly paulsen









                                      1:00pm to 2:00pm
                                  







              feb 28
            






masters thesis defense: sunfeel akaphan









                                      9:30am to 11:00am
                                  







              mar 04
            






bmb journal club | rotation presentation #3









                                      11:45am to 12:35pm
                                  















scroll calendar down







scroll calendar up









full calendar














          bmb journal club
        




          bmb journal club
        


        each week, a student in the biochemistry and molecular biology advanced concentration presents a journal article from the current literature to the group of bmb students, postdocs, and faculty.
      






learn more
























our education










                        masters program
                          



          designed to provide students the necessary skills to obtain positions within the private and government research sectors as well as provide the background necessary for entry into competitive ph.d. or other professional school (md, dvm, dds, etc) programs.
        


learn about our masters program






















                        ph.d. program
                          



          designed both to provide students with fundamental graduate-level training and to provide flexibility in tailoring a course of studies to fit with a student’s research interests. students joining the graduate program in biomedical sciences with a concentration in biochemistry and molecular biology (bmb) are given maximum flexibility to pursue a wide-range of research and curriculum opportunities.
        


learn about our ph.d. program






















                        courses
                          



          we offer a diverse range of undergraduate and graduate level courses.
        


see all course listings






















                        distance  education
                          



          distance learning courses are offered to uf students in online degree  programs, ms and bs, or non-degree seeking students and are delivered online. these courses can be taken for undergraduate or graduate credit and require a non-degree application. our courses follow a traditional uf semester calendar.  students receive a transcript awarding undergraduate or graduate credit.
        


learn about our online courses




























congratulations fall 2024 graduates!









            ph.d. graduate
          

                        elijah newcomb
                      

















            ph.d. graduate
          

                        emily peng
                      

















            master’s graduates
          

                        austin nelson
                      

















            master’s graduates
          

                        korosh jabbari
                      

















            master’s graduates
          

                        benjamin lewis
                      

















            master’s graduates
          

                        conor given
                      

































        department of biochemistry and molecular biology
      



          college of medicine
        




utility links



about uf




college of medicine
















                  physical address
                

                                      1200 newell drive                                      gainesville, fl 32610                                  

                  phone
                


352-294-8404



                  email
                


bioch-online@ad.ufl.edu










                  make a gift
                



giving opportunities







                social media
              






facebook







twitter














university of florida health - home





university of florida - home







log in




website support




sitemap




disclaimer & permitted use




disability services




security policies




uf privacy policy




shands privacy policy




this page uses google analytics (google privacy policy)










      © 2025 university of florida health
    




















