



alan folsom's home page









  
 
any society which would give up a little liberty to gain a little security will deserve neither, and lose both--benjamin franklin








 hello, my name is alan folsom, and welcome to my web page.
  i have no idea why you're here, as this page serves no useful
  purpose other than some tests and links for me, but as long as
  you are, feel free to look around. if you're looking for the
  author of several mystery/adventure books, sorry, i'm not the
  one. besides, he spells his name with two l's. revise your
  search.
  if, on the other hand, you are trying to find information on the
  musician alan folsom, try
  here. i've never met him,
  but he has a strong resemblance to other folsom's i know;
  probably a distant cousin.

   i am 70 (arrghh) years old, and am retired as a computer programmer.   i was employed by
  jmi software consultants
  of horsham, pa.  the economy being what it is, after 14 years i was
laid off, and the company folded.  after 6 months contract programming for them, i was hired  by sapling inc and retired from there after 13 years. i was almost immediately diagnosed with cns lymphoma in the brain, and am (so far), a brain cancer survivor
   
   in my other life, i have been active as a scout leader, and enjoy
  playing with knives and knots, cameras, and with outdoor dutch oven
  cooking.  currently i serve as clerk of horsham monthly meeting of friends (quakers).  i'm also a ham radio operator (callsign ky3t), and have
  been known to brew a beer or two. i have three sons, tom age 40,
  and the twins, sam and ed who are 33. i also have a long
  suffering wife: kitty, who puts up with all my hobbies and
  interests.

 

rip pepper folsom, 1990-2008.
you have meant so much to all of us.

 


some links
      of mine:

hccp  my homebrew competition software
my
      weblog
lord knows why...
some very old family pictures




these are a few of
       my favorite links 

my knot page
 







alan@folsoms.net
alf@folsoms.net
alanfolsom@gmail.com
alanfolsomjr@icloud.com

should you wish to reach me, any
      of these email addresses should work. the first is
      my preferred email address, but gets hundreds of spams per day. the others i have acquired over time, but are still active.
  


my pgp public key, as well as some information on
      internet email security, can be found
      here.



frustrated by web pages that don't work quite
  right?
   see if they meet the html standards
  here, and let the webmaster
  know if it's wrong!!


should anyone be
      desperate for something to get me, i have an overly extensive
      
      wishlist on amazon. of course, there is also an
      
      "about you" area, should you want to read my one and only
      review!
buying from amazon?
      please
      
      enter their site through this link, and 5% of your
      purchase price will be donated to help scouts attend summer
      camp.



peace,
 



and what does the lord require of
         you
       but to do justly, to love mercy,
       and to walk humbly with your god?"
       -- micah 6:8





last modified on 12 december 2012.








       © 2001 - 2018, alan l. folsom, jr. (wow, that long??)



 




