










learning design and technology (ms) | stanford gse













      skip to main content
    













programs & degrees


admissions & aid


faculty & research


about




future students


current students


faculty/staff


alumni


careers








news


directory


events


give




















 



search










 








programs & degrees


admissions & aid


faculty & research


about







 


ldt






ldt home


program information


faculty


students & alumni


ldt expo







 




 



master's programs

















learning design and technology (ms)


the face of education is changing.
new technologies have catalyzed an evolution in tools for learning. as schools, governments, and corporations look to emerging technologies to enhance learning environments and improve outcomes, these efforts must be guided by empirically-grounded learning sciences and design.
the learning design and technology program builds the creativity, knowledge, and skills necessary to pioneer the future of equitable, effective learning.
  






the program
this 11-month, full-time residential program integrates powerful contemporary ideas about learning with emergent technologies to design and evaluate learning environments, products, and programs. the ldt program features a blend of theory and project-based courses, a real-world internship, and a major design project. it awards a master’s of science (ms) degree.
learn more about program content












learning design and technology at stanford







 

why stanford?
located in silicon valley, stanford is known for its spirit of innovation and entrepreneurship. the ldt program embraces that creative energy, and gives students the flexibility to explore what stanford has to offer. our students are welcome in courses across campus, including the schools of law, business, engineering, and humanities and sciences, as well as the creative hub known as the “d.school.”




 

why you?
our students are interested in making an impact on learning through design. curious and creative, they come from diverse backgrounds and bring a wide variety of experiences. what they share is a passion for asking big questions about how people learn, and a conviction that thoughtful design can improve the quality of learning experiences.
learn more about our students




 

after you graduate
ldt opens doors to a wide range of opportunities. during the program, internships allow students to explore different ways to apply their learning in the real world. at the end of the program, ldt portfolios showcase a variety of student projects. after ldt, our graduates go on to design and evaluate effective technology-based learning environments in settings such as schools, museums, research organizations, and industry.
learn more about our alumni









program faculty










 


jennifer langer-osuna



associate professor









 


roy pea



professor









 


nicholas haber



assistant professor









 


sarah levine



assistant professor









 


victor r. lee



associate professor














see all program faculty










in the news












 







october 1, 2024


gse news


collaboration is key: new education students build a community bound by purpose




announcements
     | 
      students













 







august 12, 2024


gse news


designing with learners in mind: gse students create tools for the future of education




events
     | 
      innovation
     | 
      technology













 







june 18, 2024


gse news


gse 2024 graduates leave campus to lead lives in service to learning




announcements
     | 
      awards
     | 
      campus life




















our community











 




          victor lee, associate professor
        
studying novel technologies for stem education


read more about victor lee










 




          irina sthapit and lauren beaton, ma '19 learning design and technology
        
supporting girls in science


read more about irina sthapit and lauren beaton










 




          antero garcia, associate professor
        
fixing technology policies


read more about antero garcia
















what you need to know







admission requirements
to learn more about requirements for admission, please visit the application requirements page.




financing your education
to learn more about the cost of the program and options for financial support, please visit financing your master’s degree on the admissions website.




contact admissions
for admissions webinars and to connect with the admission office, see our  connect and visit page.












 back to the top




 

stanford graduate school of education482 galvez mallstanford, ca 94305-3096tel: (650) 723-2109



 

improving lives through learning

find us on linkedin
find us on instagram
find us on threads
find us on facebook
youtube
find us on twitter

make a gift



 

footer #1


contact admissions


gse leadership


web accessibility





 

footer #2


career resources


faculty open positions


explore courses


academic calendar


office of the registrar


cubberley library





 

footer #3


webmail


stanfordwho


stanfordyou


25live


login















stanford home
maps & directions
search stanford
emergency info




terms of use
privacy
copyright
trademarks
non-discrimination
accessibility




© stanford university,  stanford, california 94305.
    











