


bridal jewelry & accessories outlet - jewelry for brides, bridal parties, bridesmaids & flower girls
















 home | bridal directory | order | mailing list | contact us


 

bridal jewelry and accessories outlet
presents
the wedding collection
wedding jewelry for brides, bridemaids, bridal parties and flower girls who want to save money.
from wedding hair accessories to wedding tiarras to bridal hair accessories and bridal jewelry, we have it all.


 












this web site is only for brides and bridal parties who want value when purchasing bridal jewelry and bridal accessories for their wedding.






        view our bridal jewelry on-line catalog
    








accessories 
barrettes 
bracelets 
brooches 
bun wraps 
collars 








combs 
crescents 
gloves 
earrings 
flower girl jewelry
hair bands 







hair wrapss 
necklace and earring sets
pearl necklaces 
shoe clips 
tiaras 
veils 











        view our wedding services directory
    






bridal makeup artists directory
find a highly recommneded wedding makeup artist using the bridal makeup artist directory.
wedding limos
get the best rate on a nj wedding limo - blue streak prom and wedding limo has been serving the nj and nyc for over 15 years. blue streak has the spectacular fleet of wedding limos and wedding party buses to guarantee to make your special day spectacular.
bridal directory
if you are interested in saving money on your wedding, visit our wedding directory.  if you own a bridal or wedding related business, find out how to get listed in our wedding services directory.








        bridal jewelry asnd wedding day resource to save money 
    






top 10 ways to save money on your wedding






        visit our other bridal jewelry showroom
    







value
we are a manufacturers outlet selling our custom styles at greatly discounted prices. look at our web site and make your requests.
visit our showroom
if you are in the nj, ny or ct area visit our retail outlet for unadvertised out of stock specials.







        visit our other bridal jewelry departments
    






about the bridal jewelry & accessories outlet
order  
join our mailing list
testimonials
links
links exchange
contact the bridal jewelry outlet







        why the bridal jewelry outlet?
    







bridal jewelry can be customized for petite and plus sized ladies
we can accommodate any size bridal party (2 to 22)
our costume jewelry makes the perfect bridal party gift
value, value, value...






 







nj website design by worldwideriches






bridal jewelry, wedding jewelry & accessories outlet
nj's only bridal jewelry & accessories outlet




