







bryant's red devils red nose pit bull breeders in georgia. old family red nose pitbull puppies for sale.

















































rich history
preserving the past
through well established old family red nose bloodlines
as well as other exceptional bloodlines from prestigious breeders


















30 years of breeding experience

count on our expertise and
top notch care
established bloodlines
known history












                        website last updated:
                        












about us

                                we have been breeding traditional, athletic, old school, red nose pit bulls for over 2 decades. our red nose pit bulls are dual registered with both the ukc and the adba, with
                                purple ribbon, champion, and grand champion red nose and old family red nose (ofrn) pit bull bloodlines in their
                                backgrounds. we typically have 1-2 litters of red nose pit bull puppies for sale each year. we are located in adairsville, georgia
                                which is 1 hour south of chattanooga, tn and about 1 hour north of atlanta, ga.
                            





our bloodlines

                                we deal with only the very best old family red nose (ofrn) pit bull bloodlines and its crosses:
                            

flametree
hemphill
wilder
sitzes
pritts
sarona
high's (arizona red rock)
camelot (old lines)
red hot






our goals

                                temperment is very important because all of our pit bulls must be trusted around
                                our children, and we want others to be able to trust them with their children.
                                we also used these dogs to hunt wild boar for many years. temperment is important
                                when hunting with dogs because they must have the ability to do their job while being easy
                                to handle by any hunter.
                                
                                    our goal is to produce, quality, healthy, even-tempered american pit bull terriers
                                    with the ability to do it all!
                                








beauty is a bonus

                                we want to stress that we are not breeding for size or for color.
                                we are striving to achieve the total package. drive and structure interest us
                                most because these are working dogs. if you are looking to own a red nose pitbull
                                that will provide your family with years of enjoyment and get that "wow, what a beautiful dog!"
                                reaction, one of our dogs will definitely fulfill your needs. not only are our red nose
                                pitbulls beautiful, they also have wonderful temperments, awesome structure and
                                conformation, true working ability, and drive... all in one package!!!
                            




their job


                                while the most important job that any dog can do, is being a loving, and loyal companion.
                                we have the satisfaction of knowing that our dogs are intelligent and digilent enough to perform
                                nearly any task that is required of them.
                                we used our red nose pit bulls as hog dogs to catch wild boar for many years, but they also make
                                wonderful family pets. the red nose pitbulls that we have produced have been used
                                for other kinds of work too, including personal protection work, weight pulling,
                                schutzhund training, and several of our red nose pit bulls have been featured on
                                tv and in the apbt gazette.
                            






keeping gameness alive

                                we are in favor of working pit bulls in a sport (like hog hunting) where they
                                can test and prove themselves legally. this keeps gameness alive in the breed.
                                gameness is the desire to keep going when hurt, tired and even losing.
                                this combined with the willingness to protect their loved ones, are the hallmarks of the pit bull breed,
                                and that is what we are working to preserve.
                            







pit bulls & kids

                                our pit bulls are fearless warriors while hunting, and fearless guard dogs when it comes to
                                protecting their family. contrary to what some people say, pit bulls love children.
                                our kids have been raised up with pit bulls since birth. our dogs would give their lives to protect
                                our children (as if they were their own) and i feel my childrens lives have been enriched because they
                                have these dogs in their life.
                            





unconditional love

                                i would protect my dog with my life just as they would do for me! it is an unconditional love.
                                
                                    in my opinion, having a dog for a friend is much
                                    better than having a human for a friend.
                                 a dog will never judge you and they love you for who you are!
                                no matter what.
                            















testimonials


                    we have worked with many people over the years and we are always happy to hear when they are satisfied with the dog they bought from us.
                    have a look at what our clients say.
                






lucifer


                                    jen, i want to thank you. he is such a beautiful dog and his prey drive is so high, that's
                                    why i have him as a working dog. he's calm, cool, collective, people friendly dog, but he knows
                                    what to do when you he needs to. i'm going to win a lot of trophies with this dog, believe me, thank you.
                                





john greeley and tiffany vloyanetes
puppy from apocalypse and trouble








recon


                                    couldn't be more happy with him. he's awesome!
                                





vinny mancinone and jessica kirkpatrick
puppy from apocalypse and trouble








gracie

                                    just wanted to say gracie is an amazing girl. i can't believe her agility and coordination she already has
                                    at this age. she is very easy to train, very bright and wants to please. great dog!!!
                                

                                    gracie is in training at bullet proof pitbulls in canada. jeremy only trains what he thinks is worth training
                                    and he really likes her. he says she has the right dna, good breeding and serious attitude when messed with by the
                                    pack of pups she is with. now he has to harness and control it for the handler to turn it on and off. he says she is
                                    a sweet girl but has the right disposition and is really motivated to please. p.s. my wife has two yorkshire's 8 and 10 lbs.
                                    gracie seems to like and put up with.
                                





mark girimonte
puppy from little ann and jack








lexa


                                    thank you so much, she is everything i hoped for and more. you produce the most
                                    beautiful pups in the world.
                                





sofian rasheed
puppy from georgia and clyde








georgia peach


                                    georgia peach, sits, shakes, lays, walks on a leash. smart girl!
                                





kari vierra
puppy from georgia and clyde









zoee


                                    she is doing great, super playful and super sweet. getting along with all the other
                                    animals my friends have.
                                





rob gross
puppy from little ann and jack









                                    i just wanted to thank you for everything. our pup is safe and sound and we absolutely
                                    love him. i'm going to take him to the vet to get him his vaccines so that he can go on walks
                                    and burn off that energy. thanks again! a pleasure doing business.
                                





tony cardenas
puppy from georgia and clyde








deja

                                    she goes crazy with my daughter, so totally happy about that... loves the couch,
                                    and sleeping with my daughter lol. she goes to the bathroom outside, we couldn't be
                                    more happy.
                                

                                    she came to a home with tons of space and gets plenty of love. she's already spoiled...
                                    it makes me happy that you actually care. so happy we decided to purchase from you.
                                





the mercado family
puppy from little ann and jack








dixie

                                    she's freaking awesome... she's got so many complements my head is about to burst.
                                    thank you for such a fine dog.
                                





james worley
puppy from apocalypse and trouble














want to see our upcoming breedings ?

go to our breedings page

























