

 


world class travel & tours homepage of worldwide travel




















menu
science
about usarticle on water waves researchclimate change 
homepage hurricane katrinahurricane resources
photography & trip reviews africa morocco - tangierasia chinabeijingguilinintroductionshanghaivictoria - katarina shipxianyangtze river cruisethailand - bangkokturkey - istanbulturkish ports & greek islescanada canadan rockiescaribbean arubast. luciasouthern caribbean - cruiseeurope austria - cruiseczech republicprague  englandlondon
northern england
franceparisversaillesburgundyrhone valley & alpsprovencefrench rivieragermany - austria border to nuremberg - cruisegermany - nuremberg to trier - cruisegibraltargreecegreek isles - turkish ports - cruisehungary - budapestireland northern irelandrepublic - west republic - east italyintroductionpompeiiromesicilysouthern italyportugalspainturkey - istanbullatin america argentinabuenos airesbarilocheushuaiabrazil - amazonchilesouth islands cruisesantiagocosta ricaarenalcentral pacificcorcovadocentral valleyguanacastemanuel antoniomonteverdeoverviewsan jose hotelstortugueroguatemalamexicocancun/rivieracopper canyonusa assorted sightsalaska inside passage - cruiseflorida - disney/universalhawaiinew orleansnew york city
 


science, photography, and  trip reviews
.

homepage
by

j. ernest "sunny" breeding jr., ph.d

 

travel business suspended 
due to the cronavirus covid-19 pandemic very few people are traveling.  as a result, in order to reduce business expenses we have been forced to suspend, at least temporally, our travel business: world class travel & tours.  we do not book travel for our clients.
  
science


  with a ph.d in geophysics from columbia university i have spent most of my life either doing research in the earth sciences or teaching about it. the about us page has information about rebeca darden breeding and me.
  i published an online article on wave propagation that covers more than 35 years of my research and describes significant findings.
  climate change due to global warming is an extremely important subject that is more and more in the news.  unfortunately, there is much confusion about global warming in the media, and many people do not really understand what is happening. i have a very strong background on this subject, and i spent part of my career  as a college professor.  so i created some web pages explaining climate change, and present the view of a climate scientist. i also present lectures on climate change to groups. for the subjects that i discuss and a brief biography go here. contact me for more details.
hurricane katrina came ashore on 29 august 2005 in the new orleans area and the mississippi gulf coast. the destruction went on for miles and miles. our house was flooded by the storm surge with four feet of water flooding our house. i have written a review of hurricane katrina and the damage to our house.
when hurricanes and other storms occur you can learn about them through our resource page on hurricanes.  





athabasca falls in the rocky mountains in canada.


photography with travel/trip reviews
rebecca darden breeding and i have been fortunate to travel to many destinations throughout the world. i have a very strong interest in travel photography and take lots of pictures of places we visit with my nikon camera equipment. many of those pictures are presented in the destinations described below. we sell prints and images. i also provide a review of each destination. this information is presented as a public service, and is especially for our relatives and friends.
asia
china is an amazing country with popular and historic sights to visit like the great wall, the terracotta warriors, palaces and temples. it has stunning scenery to see like the karst limestone mountains with sharp peaks in the southern part of the country, and there are wonderful shows to enjoy with colorful and beautiful costumes. it is one of the world's top destinations. our review of china starts here.
in southeast asia a place with dazzling and fascinating sights is bangkok, thailand. you will see temples, shrines, a grand palace, impressive buddhas, fascinating statues,  gorgeous flowers, and more. this is also a good jumping off point to other destinations in asia and micronesia. to learn more choose bangkok.
istanbul, turkey is a great place to visit. see palaces, ancient churches, mosques, minarets, museums, the grand covered bazaar, turkish rugs, and leather goods. the nearby  turkish ports and greek isles are both beautiful and very interesting.
canada
the canadian rockies offer some of the most spectacular scenery in north america. see vancouver, jasper, banff, lake louise, mountains, lakes, and water falls.
caribbean
there are many islands in the caribbean, and you can find beaches, rain forests, and mountains. you also find interesting cities, peoples, shops, and entertainment. one choice is st. lucia, which is one of the most beautiful of all of the caribbean islands. see the magnificent pitons, beaches, rain forests, and nature trails. it is also a place for snorkeling and scuba diving.
aruba is a desert island that has numerous nice resorts with lovely pools, beautiful beaches with palm trees, and interesting sights to see. it is located in the southern caribbean only about 17 miles from venezuela in south america. it is very popular, and 80% of the people that go there return for another visit. it is a great beach location to rest and relax.
there are some very attractive islands in the southern caribbean. one way to easily experience a number of them is to do a southern caribbean cruise. see puerto rico, dominican republic, barbados, martinique, st. maarten/st. martin, and st. thomas/st. john where there are great beaches and beautiful scenery. check out our southern caribbean cruise review.
europe





bernkastel, germany in the morning mist on a river cruise.


 
austria is a very beautiful and we visited vienna, melk, durnstein, mondsee, and salzburg on shore excursions from a river cruise. see cathedrals, churches, abbeys, castles, and palaces. mondsee and salzburg are places where the movie the sound of music was filmed. mozart was born in salzburg. see austria.
a fascinating place is prague in the czech republic. you can see the prague castle, st. vitus's cathedral, the charles bridge, old town, the astronomical clock, powder tower, wenceslar square, the jewish quarter, jewish cemetery, and lesser town.
a very popular destination in europe for travelers from the u.s.a. is england. there is a lot so see in london including buckingham palace, westminster abbey,  houses of parliament, big ben, st. paul's cathedral, tower of london, and more. be sure you consider northern england, which includes the beautiful north york moors, yorkshire dales, and the lake district. the medieval town of york is a must see.
france has so much to offer. there are both river cruises and land tours. see the french riviera, provence, rhone valley and alps, burgundy, versailles, and paris. you can see roman ruins, medieval cities, ancient amphitheaters, castles, palaces, and cathedrals. in paris see the eiffel tower, arc de triomphe, louvre, notre-dame, sacre-coeur, and much more.
on a river cruise in germany from the austria border to nuremberg you can see the walhalla temple, regensburg, weltenburg, and nuremberg. see cathedrals, churches, abbeys, palaces, and castles.
a great way to see germany from nuremberg to trier is by cruising the rivers on a small ship. you can see nuremberg, bamberg, wurzburg, miltenberg, rudesheim, cochem, bernkastel, and trier. there are castles, palaces, cathedrals, museums,  vineyards, and beautiful scenery.





hungary parliament in budapest on the danube river at dusk.


when you go to greece you can walk in the footsteps of plato, socrates, aristotle, and apostle paul. now that is exciting! in addition, you find fascinating ancient ruins including the acropolis, parthenon, theaters, stadiums,  as well as scenic country, romantic islands, and attractive ports. 
the greek isles and turkish ports are beautiful and very interesting. you visit ephesus, rhodes, bodrum,
  santorini, myknosos, and delos and see castles, palaces,
  temples, medieval cities, and museums.
the capital of hungary is the fascinating city of budapest. there you can visit castle hill, the royal palace, matthias church, the parliament, st. stephen's church, heroes' square, the national jewish museum, the holocaust memorial center, and the wallenberg memorial.
in italy, rome is a great city to explore with the vatican museum, sistine chapel, st. peter's basilica, st. peter's square, spanish steps, trevi fountain, pantheon,  coliseum, palatine hill, and the roman forum. but there is much more to see when you go south to visit  pompeii with its impressive ruins, then southern italy where you find capri, naples, sorrento, and alberobello, and sicily which offers palermo, taormina, mount etna, agrigento, selinunte, and syracuse. in addition to great ruins you will be fascinated by the scenic mediterranean coasts, amazing caves, museums, shops, trulli, royal palaces, temples, cathedrals, and archaeological sites.
another fascinating european tour with a touch of africa is to go to spain and portugal with side trips to gibraltar and tangier, morocco. spain has much to offer, and is one of the top tourist destinations for worldwide travelers to europe. see madrid, trujillo, caceres, merida, seville, marbella, granada, alhambra, cordoba, and toledo. in portugal see cascais, boca de inferno, lisbon, sintra, guincho, and evora. there are spectacular mountains, beaches, cathedrals, mosques, palaces, and medieval cities. see our review.
istanbul, turkey is not only in asia but spreads into europe, being shared by two continents. see fascinating palaces and attractive mosques. 
latin america: mexico, central & south america





heading back down from the lighthouse at the summit of cape horn, chile at the southern tip of south america. at the bottom, where everyone looked so small from above, we would board the zodiac boats for the trip back to the ship.


south america has many great destinations to visit including those in argentina. there you find buenos aires, the birthplace of tango dancing and very much a european style city. you can visit the may plaza, president's (pink) house, metropolitan cathedral, may pyramid, cabido, and the massive flower sculpture. you will also want to visit eva"evita" duarte peron's tomb in the impressive recoleta cemetery. then go south to patagonia and explore bariloche. this is the very popular lake district, and with the lakes and mountains has extreme beauty. further south is ushuaia, the most southern city on our planet. the mountains, lakes, and nearby tierra del fuego national park are gorgeous.
chile, in south america, has some amazing sights to see. the southern part of chile is made up of many islands, which are best seen from a small ship. the most southern point reached is cape horn. climbing to the lighthouse at the summit is a challenge, but will worth the effort. wulaia bay in the navarino island has spectacular scenery plus a museum of indigenous people. the aguila glacier island in agostini sound has the glacier and other beautiful scenery.  visiting magdalena island and walking amongst many thousands of penguins is an incredible experience.  it is all described in the south islands cruise.
also in south america a great place for adventure is the amazon jungle in brazil. in addition to the great rivers you see jungle, monkeys, tropical birds, and other wildlife. there are also native indians, tribal dances, brazilian music, and latin dances.





white faced monkey in corcovado national park in costa rica.


the most popular country visited in central america is  costa rica. there you find an abundance of rain forests and one of the most active volcanoes in the world. this incredibly beautiful country has much to see in the wild including numerous monkeys, tropical birds, iguanas, crocodiles, big turtles, and butterflies. in the center of the country from east to west is the central valley, arenal volcano national park, and monteverde. on the pacific coast from south to north is corcovado, manuel antonio, central pacific, and guanacaste. on the east coast is tortuguero.
many people overlook guatemala in central america, but  there you find the charming and historical city of antigua with numerous fascinating ruins, beautiful mountains, chichicastenango with its impressive market, and lake atitlan.
yucatan, mexico in eastern mexico includes cancun, the mayan riviera, and the colonial city of merida. here you find everything from great resorts and beaches to interesting cities and the incredible mayan ruins. the mayan riviera is a great place to relax.
a very different experience is found in northwest mexico in the copper canyon. this system of canyons is four times larger than the grand canyon of arizona. in addition to a great railroad journey into the canyon you visit the desert and the sea of cortez.
united states





the talented and popular victory belles from the world war ii museum performing great world war ii era songs at the french quarter festival in new orleans.



assorted sights is for pictures from different sights in the united states that do not fit anywhere else.
alaska is one of the most beautiful and fascinating places on our planet. in additional to gorgeous mountains and glaciers there is much wildlife including whales, seals, sea lions, bears, and eagles. one of the best ways to experience the southern part of alaska is on an inside passage cruise.
in florida, orlando offers disney world, universal, and much much more. it is easy to see why this is one of the world's most popular destinations.
the hawaiian islands, with all of their tropical beauty, are a favorite destination for many travelers. we think that the islands of kauai, with the impressive waimea canyon, maui with the road to hana, and hawaii (the big island), with the volcano national park are great choices to visit.
new orleans is one of this country's great treasures. this unique city and surrounding area have an interesting history, and this is a place where people return to time and time again to have much fun. the french quarter, beautiful swamps in the area, and nearby plantations are great destinations any time of the year. there are many restaurants that offer some of the best food found anywhere in the world. special events during the year include mardi gras, the french quarter festival, and the jazz and heritage festival.
new york city is easily a favorite city with a lot to offer. top destinations include the statue of liberty,   brooklyn bridge, the world trade center, grand central terminal, rockefeller center, carnegie hall, the empire state building, broadway, times square, american museum of natural history, central park, the metropolitan museum of art, lincoln center, cathedral church of st. john divine, riverside church, the cloisters, and much more.





fountain and boating in central park, manhattan, new york city, new york.


contact infomation 


115 blackbeard dr. 
  slidell, la 70461 usa
send email
photos by sunny breeding. we sell prints and images.
 






      web site monitoring by
 







copyright 1997 - 2020, j. ernestbreeding jr., all rights reserved.
      for questions about this web site contact the webmaster.




