










a leader in lodging & entertainment | the marcus corporation
































skip to main content














about




history


theatres


hotels


restaurants


the marcus corporation foundation





investors




news




careers




contact

















the marcus corporation
a leader in lodging & entertainment
the marcus corporation (nyse: mcs) is a leader in the lodging and entertainment industries, with significant company-owned real estate assets.
headquartered in milwaukee, wis., the marcus corporation has two divisions: marcus theatres® and marcus® hotels & resorts.
				the company was founded in 1935 with a purchase of a single movie theatre in ripon, wis.
learn more




our marcus businesses
marcus theatres, marcus hotels & resorts and marcus restaurant group




marcus
theatres
marcus theatres is the fourth largest theatre circuit in the u.s., with locations in major markets in the midwest.
arrowvisit site
marcus theatres



marcus
hotels
marcus hotels & resorts owns and/or manages a distinctive portfolio of hotels, resorts and other properties that are unique in their markets.   
arrowvisit site
marcus hotels



marcus
restaurants
marcus restaurants surfaced back in 1958 and its chefs have been dedicated to producing quality cuisine with the finest and freshest ingredients ever since.
arrowvisit site
marcus restaurants














investor information
nyse: mcs

headquartered in milwaukee, the marcus corporation is a leader in the lodging and entertainment industries, with significant company-owned real estate assets. the marcus corporation’s theatre division, marcus theatres®, is the fourth largest theatre circuit in the u.s. and currently owns or operates 995 screens at 79 locations in 17 states under the marcus theatres, movie tavern® by marcus and bistroplex® brands. the company’s lodging division, marcus® hotels & resorts, owns and/or manages 16 hotels, resorts and other properties in eight states. for more information, please visit the company’s website at www.marcuscorp.com.

learn more














marcus career opportunities
join one of our teams today

making our ordinary day your extraordinary day since 1935.
we welcome you to join us for the next chapter in your career! we have a variety of career opportunities available in our theatre and hotel divisions, as well as the corporate office. if you are interested in joining the marcus family, click here for more information!

learn more


















the marcus corporation | 111 e. kilbourn ave. suite 1200, milwaukee, wi 53202
                | 414.905.1000

                website accessibility |
                terms of use  |
                privacy policy  |
                transparency in coverage



            ©2025 the marcus corporation. all rights reserved.
        














