



robin mead




























































robin mead
freelance travel writer and photographer

navigation





home
about dr robin mead
books
kindle books
clients
contact









a keen-priced asian adventureby robinmead on august 30, 2019 in cruise views, travel update 

  here’s what looks like another great value holiday idea from the imaginative planners at imagine cruising: an asian adventure with stops in malaysia and thailand, a cruise, and stays in bali and singapore. the package costs from £1,599 per person and includes a seven-night hotel stay in bali (book a balcony cabin or above […]



read full story • comments { 0 } 


rivers of wine: cruising through burgundyby robinmead on august 25, 2019 in cruise review, travel articles 

our contributor john barr fell in love with river cruising only recently, and was thrilled to discover that riviera travel catered for another of his interests by offering a cruise through france’s top wine-producing region. here is the story of his trip. ‘wine that maketh glad the heart of man.’ the old testament had a […]



read full story • comments { 0 } 


the east coast floods – 65 years onby robinmead on january 20, 2019 in uncategorized 

our contributor john barr has vivid memories of the winter of 1953, when he was caught up in the disastrous east coast floods. sixty-five years on, he looks back at those dramatic days, recalls how he survived, and reflects on the lessons he learned.  there was no forewarning of the trauma to come when, as […]



read full story • comments { 0 } 


hotel review: lainston house hotelby robinmead on january 17, 2019 in hotel review 

in the first of our new series of hotel reviews, regular contributors douglas and jackie miller returned to an old favourite: the exclusive hotels group’s lainston house hotel, just outside winchester. here is their report. we were just as delighted with this seventeenth-century country manor house hotel as we had been on our first visit, […]



read full story • comments { 0 } 


the ups and downs of canada’s far westby robinmead on november 25, 2018 in travel articles 

our regular contributor john barr is not in the first flush of youth and has to use a walking stick these days, so when we heard that he was off to the far west of canada for a two-week visit we were not just impressed but also curious. how would he get on? here is […]



read full story • comments { 0 } 


how travel specialists aid conservationby robinmead on november 18, 2018 in travel update 

our friend sue ockwell has worked at promoting the association of independent tour operators (aito) for more than 30 years, so we were surprised to hear that the organisation was adopting a new – and even longer – name. we asked her to explain. i’ve known aito (www.aito.com), a trade organisation that gathers under its […]



read full story • comments { 0 } 


a villa holidays odyssey the greek wayby robinmead on november 13, 2018 in travel articles, uncategorized 

our favourite pr man, peter horrocks, spends his time promoting the holiday homes marketed by villas du monde. his usual stamping grounds are in france, so when he we heard that he was taking a holiday in greece (staying in villas du monde properties, of course) we just had to hear about it.  villas du […]



read full story • comments { 0 } 


malta: island of sunshine and memoriesby robinmead on september 24, 2018 in travel articles 

  where have all our writers gone? well, sandra brind has been taking a break in malta – and taking a trip down memory lane as well. here she recommends the island for the perfect late sunshine break. this year valletta has been celebrating being ‘european capital of culture 2018’, writes sandra brind. so it […]



read full story • comments { 1 } 


the secret of dentdaleby robinmead on march 27, 2018 in travel articles 

when our friends philip and christine ayers found themselves a holiday hideaway in beautiful cumbria, they bought a couple of cottages there. now they are available to other visitors on a self-catering basis, and if you want to learn more about the attractions of the area….read on. one summer during the mid-1980s we were exasperated […]



read full story • comments { 0 } 


putting the zing back into zimbabweby robinmead on february 26, 2018 in travel articles 

our writer sandra brind is a big fan of zimbabwe as a tourist destination, and thinks it will it will soon become a holiday hotspot again now that president mugabe has been replaced. here, sandra and her son, simon scotting, recall their last visit there – and yearn to return. now is the time to […]



read full story • comments { 0 } 

1
2
…
7
next →


 
subscribe to blog via email

enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							email address						











about the authorif you want an expert view of travel, or the travel industry, then why not ask award-winning writer robin mead?
he became a full-time travel writer 40 years ago, after working as a journalist and editorial executive on several of london's fleet street newspapers, and is now a recognised authority on all aspects of travel.
read more


 

popular latest comments tags 




cruise views: caribbean choice
july 31, 2012



keep an eye open for the lincoln imp
february 15, 2013



malta: island of sunshine and memories
september 24, 2018



 that’s entertainment!
december 6, 2011



a keen-priced asian adventure
august 30, 2019





a keen-priced asian adventure
august 30, 2019



rivers of wine: cruising through burgundy
august 25, 2019



the east coast floods – 65 years on
january 20, 2019



hotel review: lainston house hotel
january 17, 2019



the ups and downs of canada’s far west
november 25, 2018





 ace333 apk: i have been surfing online more than three hours t...



 hosine: thank you a lot for giving evoyerne an extremely s...



 cheap proxy: i have fun with, result in i discovered exactly wh...



 heron bay ec: hello my friend! i want to say that this article i...



 findgreatfunphotos: i just could not depart your web site prior to sug...







 search











feedback


had it not been for robin mead, we would never have met up with martin wood, the quintessential town crier of shrewsbury with whom we rambled through the town while being regaled with stories of the supernatural!

it seems that there is no end to robin's exquisite knowledge of sights to see and things to do, with accommodation to suit, virtually anywhere within the length and breadth of the united kingdom.

in recent years robin's timely and sound advice on several occasions has added considerable value to our own travel itineraries under preparation in the antipodes, and these observations reflect my personal experiences.
graeme cumbrae-stewart oam, melbourne, australia.


"robin has joined me on a number of my familiarisation trips for travel writers. he has his finger on the media pulse, finds the fresh angle and knows how to sell a story to the right media at the right time."
david ballard, communications manager, british rail.


"robin has supported fred. olsen cruises with positive editorial coverage, and has also been a popular guest lecturer on board our ships."
nigel lingard, marketing director, fred. olsen cruise lines.  









calendar of posts
february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




« aug
 
 




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 





blogroll

travel writers uk
val field




pages 
about dr robin mead
books
clients
contact
kindle books







© 2025 robin mead. all rights reserved.  

 






























