




white robed monks of st. benedict (benedictine monks)
















white robed monks of st. benedict








listen!
first word of
														the rule of st. benedict
 direct link to:
faq: baptism/confirmation
baptismal petition
confirmation petition
quinceanera petition
faq: 1st communion petition
1st communion petition
holy orders application
incardination application
faq: marriage also weddings

marriage/vow renewal petition
monastic application
network affiliation
funeral petition
house blessing request form




may all beings be happy
									and at their ease.
									may they be joyous
								    and live in safety.
metta  suttra






welcome!
peace and joy
				to you and yours!
the white robed monks of st. benedict serve the contemporary catholic and all people. their outlook is that of a catholic spirituality (experience: love/compassion) rather than religion (belief: fear, guilt, shame, blame). accordingly, they educate about the nondual mind of a child so the kingdom of god may be experienced at-hand. (matt. 18:1-4) thus, they are neither roman nor orthodox, liberal nor old catholic. the white robed monks of st. benedict are just catholic.

the monks, in the traditional spirit of benedictine hospitality, offer without question the word and sacraments to everyone who requests them. the monks appreciate that jesus never really said no to anyone who came to him and he had only two commandments: love god, love neighbor.  (matt 22:37-40, jn 15:17) maintaining simplicity, they are neither institutionalized nor bureaucratic. given their monastic orientation, they appreciate god through the eyes of the early church rather than an institutional church. they are an independent   catholic jurisdiction in the tradition of the old catholic church (brief history of the old catholic church). their clergy come from the roman and other catholic jurisdictions.  their general purpose is to let the world be a more compassionate place of child-like wonderment inviting peace and joy.

cloud/sky reflection: letting distress go
life events: letting be







ordinary time 2025 reflection


contact us: the abbey guest master
about the monks | about the order | about the network
about contact centers  | about offering a donation
about nonduality | about the mind of a childnewsletters
may the blessings promised to the compassionate be to you and yours in abundance.
peace and joy 
		















white robed monks of st. benedict
post office box 27536
san francisco ca 94127-0536 usa
phone: 415-292-3228
page url: http://www.wrmosb.org/index.html
copyright © 1995-2024 white robed monks of st. benedict






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
fight spam! click here!





