








kelsey theatre at mccc
                    



 


                        




 toggle menu menu     


shows / schedule 

current & upcoming productions
past productions


tickets / donate now! 

order tickets
buy subscriptions
season brochure
box office hours

school shows & group discounts
gift cards
donate now!


auditions / volunteers 

open auditions
volunteers
donate
corporate sponsorship


classes & camps 

tomato patch
junior tomatoes
tomato patch master class
mccc academic dance & theater


about us 

about the kelsey theatre
contact us
directions, parking, & accessibility

resident theater companies
staff
theatre rental










  



 


2024-2025   season subscriptions on sale now!
   buy now! 
      
  


 

 


  


 

 


  



 



 



        
                      








click here forthe 2024-2025full-color brochure
 

buyer beware!:  scam websites are out there!! make sure you are on purplepass.com before you pay- none of our shows cost more than $30(plus $1.50 service charge)! make sure you are on purplepass.com before you pay. 


 must call box office for limited handicapped seating - stadium seating
don't drive at night?  no worries - we have matinees every sunday and many saturday matinees as well!
  purchase any of our shows here 
now playing:

guess who’s coming to dinner?
fri. feb. 14 & 21, 2025 at 8pm                             
sat. feb. 15 & 22 at 8pm                                                                                                  
sun. feb. 16 & 23 at 2pm
mtm players – special guest director diane l. parker
it's 1967 and a progressive white couple's proud liberal sensibilities are tested when their daughter brings her black fiancé home to meet them in this fresh and relevant stage adaptation of the iconic film. blindsided by their daughter's whirlwind romance, matt and christina drayton quickly come to realize the difference between supporting a mixed-race couple in your newspaper and welcoming one into your family. however, they aren't the only ones with concerns about the match, and soon a multi-family clash of racial and generational difference sweeps across the draytons' idyllic san francisco terrace. at the end of the day, will the love between young joanna and john prevail? with humor and insight, this drama begins a conversation sure to continue at dinner tables long after the curtain comes down.. pg13 
buy guess who's coming to dinner tickets here $22/$20   

special added staged reading
it's never too late - by lou di pietro
thurs., feb. 20, 2025 at 7:30pm
theater to go
theater to go is thrilled to announce a one-night-only fully staged reading with a 9 piece orchestra of the musical it’s never too late, book and lyrics by lou dipietro and music by louis josephson.
it’s never too late is a heartfelt musical that weaves together the stories of individuals who discover that it’s never too late to pursue their dreams. with a rich tapestry of characters and uplifting music, the show encourages audiences to embrace change and find their true selves, no matter their age or circumstances
the staged reading features a talented cast of professional actors and musicians who will bring dipietro’s poignant story and music to the kelsey theatre stage. this event provides a unique opportunity for the community to experience this work in progress that celebrates personal growth and the courage to make life changes.
lou dipietro is the father of joe dipietro, who created the international hit musical  i love you you’re perfect, now change which was produced by theater to go last season to enthusiastic audiences.
buy it's never too late tickets here $10
 

coming soon:

reock & roll revue’s john lennon/the solo recordings                           
fri. feb. 28, 2025 at 8pm
sat. mar. 1 at 8pm                                                                          
sun. mar. 2 at 2pm
the reock & roll revue 
the reock & roll revue returns to the kelsey theatre for 3 shows! in over 16 years and more than 20 different shows, the reock & roll revue have been performing their unique combination of rock concert and documentary productions. 2025’s show will be a tribute of sorts to one of the greatest songwriters of all time. we will be exploring mr. lennon’s solo recordings from 1969 up until his passing in 1980.with an incredible selection of songs from all of the john lennon solo recordings; this will be a show not to miss. once again, the revue will showcase the music and the stories behind the music and the times. hope you will join us.    
buy reock and roll tickets here $30    

                                                                                           
oklahoma!
fri. mar. 7 & 14, 2025 at 8pm                                                                               
sat. mar. 8 & 15 at 2pm & 8pm                                                                                                                
sun. mar. 9 & 16 at 2pm
the bear tavern project
at its heart, rodgers and hammerstein's oklahoma! is a love story between confident cowboy curly and feisty farmer laurey. as the road to romance and the road to statehood converge, curly and laurey are poised to carve out a life together in a brand-new state. but the road to love is as bumpy and fraught with all the dangers and excitement of the time. the unforgettable score includes: “oh, what a beautiful mornin’,” “people will say we’re in love,” “i cain’t say no!” and the exhilarating title song, “oklahoma!”  g 
buy oklahoma! tickets here $26/$24      

see the whole season here:    

a special thank you to our sponsors - please check out their websites!
give the gift of live theater - a gift that keeps on giving!













come back in the spring!








   












quick links

shows schedule
tickets
auditions


donate to kelsey theatre! 


our community

mercer county community college
division of lifelong learning
conference center at mercer
wwfm, the classical network
kelsey theatre

    

contact us
  609 570 3333  boxoff@mccc.edu   maps and directions  west windsor campus  1200 old trenton road  west windsor, nj 08550
  







copyright © 2023. kelsey theatre - mercer county community college. all rights reserved. 


 
 
 







 





















 

   





