


free sex stories - erotic stories - erotic fiction - 1stsexstories.com















































 


you must be 
    18 years or older to read these free sex stories. 
    there are many many more erotic stories at the sites that sponsor this free 
    adult fiction site. 
    please click on their banners and check out the rest of the hot 
    sex stories!


all of our erotic 
    fiction is free. please visit our sponsors to keep this sex story site open. 
    thank you!



 
 
dirty stories too taboo for the internet... 
      until now! 
  



welcome to our 
    free sex stories!


authors 
    

    please, the more sex stories this site has the better it gets. 
    

















 






this section 
    will be devoted to sex stories contributed by our visitors. we invite you 
    to submit your story to us via email and ask that the story be sent as an 
    attachment in text format. you will be given full credit for your erotic sex 
    story and your name will be posted under the title. the stories we are looking 
    for are similar to those posted in the newsgroup alt.sex.stories. feel free 
    to submit your stories at any time. we will also post photos or other illustrations 
    to go with your story submissions if you send them in gif or jpeg format. 
    hope to hear from you soon. 
 


experience 
  the kink, don't just leave it up to you imagination!

bound women climax as the water pressure rises


  submissive sluts 
      dominated by their masters, read the bondage 
      stories.  






allme.com erotica 
    archives in affiliation with 1stsexstories.com have come together bringing you this 
    great free site. make sure to add it to your favorites (click 
    here to add it now).



 these links will take you to a new page with an index of the 
  story titles broken down into categories of sex stories along with other indexes 
  for our more popular authors and links to other sex story websites. book 
  mark this site. it is a must for your favorites. we are constantly updating 
  for your enjoyment. 

  a 
  whole new collection of wife slut sex stories updated weekly!!  
 introduction 
  to our sex stories archives  
 sex 
  stories indexed by categories  
 author 
  collections index  
 other 
  sex story sites  
 allme 
  writer guidelines page  
 allme 
  online sex story submission form 
sex stories
free 
  sex stories































 






all of our erotic 
        fiction is free. please visit our sponsors to keep this sex story site 
        open. 
        thank you to all the writers who have sent their stories in. 








amazing 
    movies of women with huge dildos.
more 
  amazing movies and photo's of women with huge dildos. 
 
  movies and photo's of women that love brutal anal sex. 

 

 free 
  fetish bdsm photo galleries !!


 
  more free movies here!
.
 




 sexy females near you!! 








get some pussy now!




 
find cheating wives


_________________

author collections
 some of our most prolific authors are featured here. once a writer has sent 
  us a significant numbers of good stories we create a special index page for 
  them so fans can find them more easily. as this section grows we'll be cross-indexing 
  them with the category indexes above so it'll be even easier to find what you 
  like to read.


  robin's fantasy world 




  princess dany's empire of erotica 




  captive hacker's journal of female domination 




  a. g. thomas' gangbangs & rough sex 




  kammi's slut wife sex stories 




  libertine's sex stories collection 




  little miss blair's sex stories collection 




  lynn jones' slut wife sex stories 




  night writer's sex stories collection 




  nitewriter's sex stories collection 




  patricia's xtc illustrated sex stories 




  purplecat's sex stories collection 




  slut sex story series by sueann 

.
.





click 
    here for another great free sex stories site 

check out some great 
    sex toys to use while you read these stories!

    sex toys by planet hot girl


 







also try these news groups for hot erotic fiction and sex stories



 alt.sex.stories - for those who need it *now*.

 alt.sex.stories.bondage

 alt.sex.stories.d - for those who talk about needing it *now*.

 alt.sex.stories.gay

 alt.sex.stories.hetero

 alt.sex.stories.moderated

 qz erotica search - search the alt.sex.stories.moderated database for erotic fiction.





here are even more sex stories for your reading pleasure. our fiction is the hottest!


erotic  stories by sueann


interracial  stories 


gangbang  stories 


enjoy these erotic bondage  stories


porn links and hot places.


wife slut  stories 


fisting  stories 


fetish  stories 


 beastiality sex stories 


little miss blair's sex story collection


nite writer's nasty sex story collection





a collection of bondage sex stories




thousands of porn stories in one location!

our friends at porn stories have been compiling thousands of the nastiest raunchiest sex stories for years and have put them all in one place for your enjoyment!  teen, milf, big tit, interracial, hairy pussy, nasty grannies... whatever makes your dick hard, you'll find it inside porn stories.  to give it a shot click the banner below and tell em we sent you!

















huge story archive
adult free stories
erotic stories
sex 
  story lovers
sex 
  stories post
gay stories post
free erotic stories sex 
  stories blog

 alt.sex.stories text repository 
  welcome to alt sex stories text repository.
  "purple blanket" by jonathon earl bowser. ... 
  copyright ©2004 alt.sex.stories text repository. all rights reserved. 


 alt.sex.stories text 
  repository -- homealt.sex.stories text repository
  ...because the best things in life truly are free. home. ... 
  alt.sex.stories.moderated -- the newsgroup, the archive. ... 


 a sex stories : 100% 
  free sex stories and erotic fiction100% 
  free sex stories archive, erotic fiction and adult audio. ...
  porn storys updated daily! story submissions accepted. 100% free sex stories 
  archive warning! ...


 greenguy's 
  erotic sex story links at link-o-rama
  daily updated adult links to erotic porn stories 
  and links to quality sex story sites.


 literotica - 100% free 
  sex stories, erotic audio, adult fiction
  ...literotica free sex stories, erotic fiction and adult audio. ...
  literotica features 100% original sex stories from a variety of authors. ...


 the top xxx clichés 
  of alt.sex.stories... 
  all women in sex stories can give great head. even the 13-year olds. ...
  people in sex stories can always find the thing they're looking for. in bed. 
  ...


 free sex storyonce 
  a month enjoy a free erotic sex story.
  includes free sexy tips newsletter, erotic story archives 
  and sex story writing contests. adult toys. ... 


 sex stories xxx stories, 
  lesbians, virgins, dr., co-eds, masturbate.
  all free www.wiggyguy.com 














free stories 
 




 








enter your e-mail to receive free


sensual  stories in your mail box






no spam ever - we protect your privacy



 








webmasters 



  if you would like to do a link exchange and have a story site please send an email to

    




















 

www 



free sex stories 








____________________
 sex story newsgroups - special interest





 news:alt.sex.bondage.stories 

 news:alt.sex.stories.bondage 


 news:alt.sex.stories.cuckold 

 news:alt.sex.stories.so 




 news:alt.stories.transformation 

 news:alt.transformation.stories 

 news:alt.sex.stories.tg 




_________________________
 sex story newsgroups - less known





 news:alt.adult.stories 

 news:alt.adult.stories.text 

 news:net.sexuality.stories 

 news:net.sexuality.stories.discuss 

 news:t-netz.sex-stories 



 news:uw.alt.sex.stories 

 news:uw.alt.sex.stories.d 

 news:z-netz.alt.sex-stories 


_________________________
 sex story newsgroups - moderated
all of the sex stories posted to the alt.sex.stories.moderated newsgroup have to be approved prior to being posted, making this a strict no-spam group. the second newsgroup listed below is used to discuss the erotic stories posted to the alt.sex.stories.moderated newsgroup. the third link is not a newsgroup but will take you to the alt.sex.stories.text.repository webpage where you can search for erotic stories posted to the alt.sex.stories.moderated group. 





 news:news:alt.sex.stories.moderated 

 news:alt.sex.stories.d 

 www.asstr.org/search.html 


_________________________
 link partners





accelerated 
        porn - some of our girls squirt, some of our girls scream, some are 
        sleeping! if you want titty fucking, milf bagging, big cocks drilling 
        gaping anal bangs, or sweet slow seductions - we have it all!

all xxx movie clips - offers the hottest and latest porn dvd movie titles and amateur video 
        clips found on one site! 

ambiguous sex - hardcore 
        xxx action where inhibitions go out the window. 

authors archives - a premier 
        library of romantic stories, fictional fantasies, and recounts of real 
        life experiences. 

bangin asians - join 
        for full access to full length asian porn videos and to download hardcore 
        asian sex movies. 100% uncensored hardcore action from the finest asian 
        ladies in porn! 

big cock craze - looking 
        for a big dick movie? huge cock & big penis porn videos and movies 
        - explore our huge hardcore movie database 

big porn library - 
        the ultimate collection of all genres in the best adult movie downloads! 
        teens, lesbians, wives, pornstar movies, hardcore first timers, amateurs 
        and blowjobs!

big tit treats - these 
        beaufitul busty babes have mellons that just invite your face or cock 
        in between! check out the free big boobs movies & pics below!

bj blowout - blowjob blowout 
        - blowjob movies & free bj movie clips 

blasted coeds - coed 
        cuties suck and fuck their way through college, making the grade one load 
        at a time. 

blasted gay - gay blowjobs, 
        gangbangs, gloryholes & hardcore porn

blasted movies - free 
        samples of the best adult movie doenloads, thousands of xxx movies.

blasted trannys - there's 
        nothing like a boob in your mouth and your cock in an ass! you know you 
        shouldn't but you can't help it, there's nothing quite like the eroticism 
        of a hot tranny! we have the finest in porn, all inside, sucking and fucking 
        for his and her pleasure! check it out! 

candys lesbians - features 
        only the sweetest and fresh ladies in hardcore lesbian porn vides! from 
        the shy and inexperienced just experimenting to the bold and beautiful 
        lesbians who know how to shake things up, we have it all!. 

classified tales - 
        a premier library of romantic love stories, fictional fantasies, and recounts 
        of real life experiences. 

cock grappler - features 
        male on male cock stroking, sucking, and spurting action. bonus features 
        include streaming video and gay porn movies on demand from our custom 
        hardcore theaters. 

confession stories - the largest 
        library of romantic stories in a clean, categorized, discreet user friendly 
        environment. 

confidential stories - erotic 
        story site enhanced for mobile users. 

copious sex - full length 
        xxx porn movies for you to download to watch whenever and wherever you 
        want, or you can stream them online!

covert stories - go 
        under the covers to enjoy a huge collection of passionate tales. 

cum addicted coeds - these hot 18-21 year old coeds are sexually active and ready to experiment! 
        watch as they are instructed in the art of cock sucking, clit licking, 
        accepting anal, and rough fucking their pony tails off. 

discreet reports - collection 
        of sex stories based off of reall life experiences. 

discreet tales - the only members 
        story exchange network for personal fiction. members can share their stories 
        anonymously or with credit if they choose. real people with unique visions 
        of erotic tales. 

discreet writings - this library 
        is un-matched by any other membership based personal stories site. you 
        want top of the line? discreet writings offers the perfect blend of fantasy 
        meets reality. 

eighteen x movies - hot sweet teens that are juicy as a peach, eighteenxmovies features 
        the most naked and sexy teens around. from tiny titties to chubby teens 
        and everything in between, fresh faces that are proud of their maturing 
        bodies and happy to show it off! 

excessive pornography - excessive pornography
        offers 1000's of videos for members to enjoy. frequently updated. tons 
        of categories.

exxxplicit videos - 
        our porn is drm free, this means if you see something you like, why not 
        download it to enjoy whenever you want? get your money's worth and enjoy 
        porn like it should be enjoyed! 

firecracker hardcore - firecracker hardcore members area had hd porn movies for you to download 
        to watch whenever and wherever you want, or you can stream them online! 
        collect your favorites! 

firecracker movies - some of our girls squirt, some of our girls scream, some are even sleeping! 
        if you want titty fucking, milf bagging, big cocks drilling gaping anal 
        bangs, or sweet slow seductions - we have it all! get free instant access 
        right now! 

firecracker porn - 
        deep throating, double penetrations, wild threesomes, the hardest hardcore! 

fresh stories - stimulate your imagination 
        with stories both men and women enjoy. 

full moon anal - 
        free 2 day membership for all anal porn! 

full moon gangbangs - solid quality, high speeds, smooth video streaming. watch these sluts 
        get filled with more cocks than they have holes for! next time they want 
        to act on a 'fantasy' they might think twice!

full moon porn - full 
        moon pornoffers free xxx movie trailers and xxx dvd movies to view online 
        or download! trial memberships to the full moon porn porn site are available! 

full moon wives - the 
        sexiest mature older women who love to get naughty on film. 

galactic hardcore - mind blowing hardcore sex! this porn library is out of this world! 

high heel housewives - sexy wives are betting for your attention! 1000's of milf videos & 
        pics.

horny hardcore - xxx 
        dvd movies! sex &amp; porn movies - free trailers! 

hot sexy wives club - bored and lonely housewives, mature, experience and horny! 

hot writings - this site features 
        smoking hot erotic stories in every category you can imagine! there are 
        many features to this site that makes it exclusive and worth the price 
        of membership.

hurricane asians - 
        100% uncensored hardcore action from the finest asian ladies in porn! 

hurricane blowjobs - hardcore cock sucking videos. 

hurricane hardcore - hardcore porn videos by hurricane hardcore - check out free porn video 
        samples and pics 

hurricane lesbians - hurricane lesbians features only the most sultry and wild girls in lesbian 
        porn! 

intense pornography - everything you need is here, and you can watch it all day: anal, 
        big boobs, cumshots, facial, blowjob, pov, double penetration, tits fuck, 
        cum swallowing, cum swapping, gonzo, blowbang, harcore and many more! 
        you won't find any dirtier movies anywhere else! 

intense xxx videos - intense sex that will get your cock exploding!
interracial 
        library - our site isn't just blacks on blondes and blacks in blondes. 
        we bring you the best interracial movies around. 

ir blowout - when you want 
        to watch a brother go urban on some white broad, that's the hardcore interracial 
        videos that we will have waiting for you to download!

 ken's trannys - kenstrannys.com 
        is your gateway to premium tranny movies and shemale adult content! 

legendary library - massive pleasure is just a page turn away. 

lesbo blowout - there's 
        nothing hotter than two sexy teen lesbians exploring one another for the 
        first time. they kiss, lick, suck, and 69! watch a free lesbian movie 
        sample now. 

massive sex videos - free trial membership of 1000's sex videos.

milf moguls - from husband 
        inspired threesomes and fantasizing about your best friends mom, to hot 
        mature wives cheating with the poolboy, experienced ladies do it all! 
        check out the free milf videos and porn movies. 

mythical porn - automated 
        slide shows of hardcore porn pics for hands-free enjoyment! 

nasty pink teens - 
        these first timers are too cute to pass up - you have to see them helplessly 
        spread out and fucked! nasty teens eager to please! 

naughty cute teens - they are naughty, they are cute, they are all teens! huge library of 
        teen hardcore porn! 

passion for porn - 
        our passion for porn
        knows no limits or boundaries. we like it soft, we love it hard. inside 
        you will find women who will take dick in the ass, the mouth, and both 
        at the same time. membership access is instant, secure, and simply a pleasurable 
        experience! 

porn berries - these beaufitul 
        babes are swinging sweet puppies you'll want to drown in between! 

porn stories - porn stories 
        .net offers sample sex stories for free and free 3 day access to erotic 
        fiction, audio sex stories, xxx stories for download and mp3 porn stories.

porn that delivers - full length porn movies you can download and keep! 

sex city usa - 4 free hardcore 
        video clips.

sex net usa - rough, hardcore 
        all american sex! 

sexy amateur angels - nasty amateurs go hardcore for the first time! 

sexy housewives - sexy housewives 
        who are bored and lonely sitting in a house. these are cheating wives 
        in porn videos and pics.

sharp tales - the largest library 
        of romantic stories in a clean, categorized, discreet user friendly environment. 
        sharp tales has something for everyone! 

shrewd stories - we offer the only 
        membership based members story exchange network for erotic fiction. 

slick tales - while you are waiting 
        in line, on the train, or sitting in the waiting room, you can read about 
        erotic fantasies that turn dull situations into an enjoyable imaginative 
        experience. 

slippery movies - slippery 
        movies is the place where porn lovers come to cum! our girls work hard 
        to suck and squeeze every ounce of love juice from your length. spitting 
        and dirty talking, facial freaks and anal cum dumpsters - our girls love 
        to get drenched inside and out! 

smokin' stories - over 25 categories 
        of erotic stories.

smooth writings - full desktop 
        and mobile device access - fully printable stories to enjoy anywhere you 
        want!

spicy library - . our library is 
        un-matched by any other membership based stories site. you want top of 
        the line? spicy library offers the perfect blend of fantasy meets reality. 

spooge spot  - watch these 
        handy little sluts show off tehri cock stroking skills and get a handful. 

stacked hardcore - 
        restirction free access - no drm, just join and enjoy!

stacked porn - porn library 
        stacked high and overflowing with sexuality. 

stories archive - stories are 
        categorized so you can find exactly what you are looking for quickly and 
        you can also explore new fantasies. we respect your privacy by providing 
        secure, discreet billing and customer support. 

story depot - the largest library 
        of romantic stories in a discreet user friendly environment. story depot 
        has something for everyone!

sugar sweet amateurs - enjoy these first timers in all kinds of situations the can (and can't) 
        see coming! 

sugarsweet boobies - these beaufitul busty babes have mellons that just invite your face 
        or cock inbetween! check out the free big boobs movies & pics. 

sugarsweet hardcore - download high quality hardcore video's right now!

sugarsweet lesbians - full length high quality movies for your downloading pleasure! membership 
        has no restrictions, our content is sweet and fresh as the ladies you 
        see here. hot lesbian sex, threesomes, lesbians playing with sex toys, 
        first timers and bisexual curious teens, hardcore lesbians ass licking, 
        clit flicking, tit sucking!

sun coast amateurs - full length amateur porn movies site! 

sun coast asians - asian beauties are cock crazy! hd videos & hands-free picture slideshows. 

sun coast blowjobs - tons of high quality videos and pics of the hottest chicks sucking dick! 

sun coast interracial - white whores gagging in huge black cocks! 

sun coast porn - porn 
        babes who know how to fuck and are begging to show you how much they love 
        it! 

taboo stories - text, audio 
        stories, adult movies & xxx photos. 

twat bandits - steamy 
        lesbian movies, high quality pictures, videos on demand! 

uncommon porn - the most 
        uncommon porn site! we have it all from gangbangs and group sex to trannys 
        and teens. some of our girls squirt, some of our girls scream, some are 
        even sleeping! 

wife xxx - bored and lonely 
        housewives willing to do anything for your attention! 

wiley wives - free wife 
        porn 

wives nexxxt door - fantasies explode as the ladies next door mature into the horny housewives 
        & sexy milfs you desire! 

xxx clips library - top porn stars in the latest full length dvd quality movies.

xxx stories - xxx sex stories





xxx categories: amateur 
      porn | anal sex | asian 
        porn|  big boobs | big 
          cocks movies | big tits | blowjob 
            videos | naked coeds | eighteen 
              year olds | gangbang sex | gay | hardcore porn site | interracial 
                porn | lesbian sex | xxx 
                  movies | tranny hardcore | wife 
                    porn
mushroom links | swanky links | hardcore porn | 12x videos | free galleries







 

dirty stories too taboo for the internet... 
           until now!
 


 











































 




