







austin seafood company | austin fish company
















austin fish company
fresh seafood market + fried/steamed takeout
3711 s. croatan hwy (mp 12.5) || nags head, nc  27959
info@austinseafoodco.com  ||  252.441.7412
we are now closed for the season
erving the obx for over 62 years!!!






 ... serving the obx for 64 years!!!...































mp12.5 on the us158 bypass ... directly across from jockey's ridge ... look for the shark!




voted "best seafood market on the beach"




fresh atlantic seafood fills our cases daily!




our youngest austin seafood expert learns the trade early one morning!









 








 









fresh seafood




takeout




find us





 



 ... see you in the spring, 2025!  ...







fresh seafood





fresh seafood arrives daily from the bounty of the atlantic as well as the pamlico sound.





















































fresh crabcakes ready for the fryer






bountiful shrimp, fresh or steamed






live lobster available






fresh clams!






fresh picked crabmeat






succulent oysters






the freshest tuna from local docks






fresh steaks daily!









<







7 - 8







>













we are unequaled on the obx!
fish offerings:
tuna, mahi mahi, flounder, salmon, red snapper, swordfish, shark, grouper, sea bass, wahoo, sea trout, bluefish and many others in season.
 
shellfish varieties:
clams, blue crabs,  crabmeat (jumbo/lump/backfin),  softshell crabs, snow crab legs, king crab legs, jonah crab claws,  dungeness crabs, deviled crabs, crab cakes, crawfish, live lobster, lobster tails, ocean scallops, bay scallops, bacon-wrapped scallops, oysters (pint & in shell), shrimp and other items in season.
 
austin's offers visitors to the outer banks of north carolina the perfect place to pick up fresh seafood for a family dinner, big party or special event while vacationing on the outer banks.  give us a call at 252-441-7412 and place your order. it's that easy!  we accept visa, mastercard, discover, american express.  (be sure to check out our freshness guarantee below.)





in addition, if you want us to do the cooking just order from our fantastic takeout menu here!
































our freshness guarantee
all our seafood is caught fresh daily so you get "fresh from the net" quality.  the fda and local north carolina department of health regulate our operation on a routine basis. seafood is inspected regularly to ensure proper handling, storage, packaging and shipping methods and procedures are followed.
































austin fish company ...
award-winning leader in outer banks seafood!






find us




our location







the austin story




located just a stone's throw from the atlantic ocean and snuggled next to jockey's ridge (the tallest sand dune on the east coast) in nags head, north carolina, you'll find austin fish company, a family owned and operated seafood market.  "we have been in the same business in the same location for over 50 years" says jimmy austin, owner of the quaint seafood market. jim, a true native of the outer banks, was always proud to inform you that austin's is one of the oldest seafood markets on the outer banks.





















jimmy was a commercial fisherman on the beach for years before he started his seafood business. "i've been in the seafood business all my life" remarked jim, "and have served the east coast of the united states from south florida to new england." together with wife sandra and daughter debbie, the austin's have proven for years that austin's offers the freshest seafood available anywhere!




mr. austin passed away unexpectedly on october 1, 2010.  he is greatly missed, but his memory will not be forgotten.  the austin women (sandra, debbie, tiffany and elly) ... and jace (grandson), will continue the business without him.  although he is gone, his presence is remembered and his legacy will carry on through austin fish company.
















austin's ... the best source for fresh fish and shellfish anywhere on the outer banks!






austin fish companyvoted "best seafood market on the beach"


3711 s. croatan hwy (mp 12.5)
nags head, nc 27959
info@austinseafoodco.com
252.441.7412
 
 
website by: hatterasdesigns.net
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































