 






ocean county historical society: telling the stories of ocean county, nj






























































 skip to primary navigation skip to main contenthome
events
museum

stages of development
exhibits
ochs gift shop
donate items to the collections


research

library and archival holdings
family names of ocean county
families of old dover – booklets
research center donation


bookstore

books by ochs
books by other publishers
maps
other items
shopping cart


about

hours & visiting
our board of trustees and our officers
contact us
mission statement
social media

youtube
facebook
instagram
twitter




support

membership
volunteers
internships

community service information
undergraduate internship program
graduate internship program




donate

tribute and estate gifts
annual appeal
research center donation


 



welcome to the
ocean county historical society
telling the stories of ocean county





where the unique history of ocean county is told
for over 70 years, the society has been collecting, preserving, and interpreting stories, artifacts and archival resources that celebrate ocean county’s distinct heritage.
the elizabeth sculthorp force house, a vernacular victorian home, built in the mid-1800s, was once the residence of a sea captain and then later of an innovative educator and social reformer. featured are native american artifacts, period furnishings, late 19th and 20th century local industries, artworks, photographs, and other archival resources. the house is listed on the national register of historic places, the state register of historic places, and the new jersey women’s heritage trail.
the richard l. strickler research center, a contemporary addition to the house, is an extensive repository of books, maps, and historical and genealogical records that provide students, researchers, genealogists, and history enthusiasts with essential resources necessary for telling the stories of ocean county.
special notices:
the ocean county historical society will close at 2:15 on tuesday, february 18, 2025. 
the ocean county historical society is pleased to offer the 2025 robert h. staples continuing education scholarship.

the ocean county historical society is a partner organization with revolution nj, the state of new jersey’s official commemoration of the 250th anniversary of the united states. learn more…





upcoming events
march 23, 2025
revolutionary women: women's experience during the revolutionary war

			view all events




 
elizabeth sculthorp force house
the original home of elizabeth sculthorp force, teacher and social reformer 

			learn more




richard l. strickler research center
an invaluable source of historical information about ocean county

			visit us






benefits of membership
becoming a member of the ocean county historical society offers an opportunity to meet friends, explore genealogy, and become a partner in telling the stories of ocean county.

			become a member


donate
your donation to the ocean county historical society helps us to enlarge our historical databases, develop educational events, and host interactive programs.

			make a donation




discover more about ocean countybrowse our online bookstore for historical maps, audio/visual media, and books, such as "shore chronicles" and  "place names of ocean county" - just two of the many fascinating stories about ocean county.
shop now


ocean county historical society received funding this year from a grant from the new jersey historical commission, a division of the department of state.








ocean county historical society  26 hadley avenue  toms river, nj 08753  (732) 341.1880  contact
 © 2025 ocean county historical society. all rights reserved.    privacy / admin























