













content writer canberra with seo expertise












































skip to content


 



website content writer – canberra
website content writer with seo expertise in canberra

0411 707 612


home services seo explained website basics locationswebsite content writer – canberra  blogweb design in canberra  contact 





home services seo explained website basics locationswebsite content writer – canberra  blogweb design in canberra  contact 















when words and keywords don't come easily,
smart words can help! 
							

 







website content writer (seo) – canberra, australia





if you’re serious about climbing the google search rankings, an experienced website content writer in canberra – like smart words – can help. at smart words, we write quality website content that’s optimised for google – australia’s dominant search engine. our writers, who understand the fundamentals of search engine optimisation (seo) and keyword research, strive to be clear, concise, and persuasive.
the smart words team is based in belconnen, canberra, but can write website content for clients anywhere in australia.




the right keywords can improve your google page rankings!








why is website content writing with seo so important?




if done correctly, quality content writing (with seo) increases a website’s chances of being noticed by google, which looks for keywords, informative content, and healthy word counts (500+ words per page). as an experienced website content writer in canberra, smart words can help you reap the benefits of seo content writing.
smart words strives to take the hype (bs) out of website content writing and seo in canberra. we don’t lock clients into expensive monthly plans – nor do we make outlandish promises.









benefits of website content writing with seo in canberra




an experienced seo content writer in canberra can help a business realise these benefits. 



may assist in generating more business enquiries.
increases website traffic over time – leading to greater brand awareness and competitive advantage.
relatively inexpensive compared to ongoing pay-per-click (ppc) advertising.




please note: website content writing with seo is a marketing tactic that takes time to work (it is not a quick fix) and should be part of a broader marketing strategy.









why choose smart words for seo content writing in canberra?



our service enables you to focus on your core business.
we can demonstrate our success with other clients (we’ll show you actual page rankings).
as experienced website content writers with seo expertise in canberra, we know what works and doesn’t.
we’re familiar with the concepts of “conversational copy” and “converting copy.”
our website content writers are based in canberra (australia) and don’t use chatgpt or similar systems.
we understand the importance of getting the seo keyword and writing balance right.
our pricing is competitive, transparent, and fixed – there are no hidden surprises.
we strive to be the best website content writer with seo expertise in canberra.









about us




our principal website content writer, richard fury, has a degree in communication from the university of canberra, along with significant sales and marketing experience. richard has worked for major companies in sydney and brisbane, including telstra, commander, pricewaterhousecoopers, melbourne it, and bulletproof networks (acquired by ac3). richard and the team employ a practical, no-nonsense approach to website content writing (with seo) in canberra. richard is a passionate supporter of small business in australia and writes for value spotting.
at smart words, we prefer to use simple and direct language (plain english) that “cuts to the chase” and appeals to google and other search engines. overly ornate or flowery language isn’t our go! thanks to modern technology (video conferencing, mobile, email), smart words can service clients anywhere in australia. as dedicated website content writers with seo expertise, we pride ourselves on being agile, versatile, and creative, as well as honest and transparent. we also assist our clients in navigating the hype surrounding digital marketing.




call richard on 0411 707 612 for a friendly, no-obligation chat














 copyright smart words 2015-2024  |  abn: 50 134 656 447  |  seo content writer canberra
						




telephone: 0411 707 612 - email: richard@smartwords.com.au








error: content is protected !!








