








caplin & drysdale law firm | since 1964




















main content
main menu






menu



search


our storyour storydeliberately differentclient advantageswhat we valuediversity, equity & inclusionwhat they say about usprofessionalsclient servicesclient servicespracticesclient advantagesnews & insightsnews & insightsthe latestnewseventspublications & alertsblogsjoin our mailing listcareerscareerswhy caplin & drysdale?attorneysparalegals & administrative staffemployment opportunitiesdiversity, equity & inclusioncontactcontactour officesmedia and press inquirieskey administrative contacts
linkedin icon





facebook icon



twitter icon













tailored solutionsinnovative strategieswe listen, we engage, and we respond. our approaches are unique to each client, designed to maximize the probability of success.



experiencethe differencefor over half a century, caplin & drysdale has been synonymous with the highest art in the practice of law.



trusted advisorsthe lawyers' lawyerwe've earned the trust and respect of companies, industry peers, and government organizations throughout the united states and around the world. 



logo icon





bankruptcy
complex litigation
exempt organizations
international tax
political law
private client
tax disputes & litigation








criminal tax cases & white collar defensetax fraud cases present unique factual, legal and tactical issues. since the founding of caplin & drysdale, the firm has had a robust practice in this highly specialized area and have sucessfully represented clients who have, or are concerned about, potential criminal tax issues.more



complex litigationcaplin & drysdale litigators are regularly asked to handle complex business, financial, and commercial disputes that have put a business in peril. we also represent plaintiffs around the world seeking to have their rights vindicated through the court system. more







what's new


matthew sanderson comments on limiting fara enforcement in new york times
bloomberg law quotes niles elber on cta
the united states takes the lead on amount b – will taxpayers and other countries follow?


more






business, investment & transactional taxcaplin & drysdale has broad experience advising business entities and their principals in tax planning with respect to both their operations and their transactions. clients include domestic and foreign manufacturing and service companies, fund managers, financial institutions, and insurance companies. more



political lawcaplin & drysdale's bipartisan political law group provides businesses, trade associations, nonprofits, candidates, and activists with timely, concise counsel on the high-stakes legal issues that involve "pay-to-play" restrictions, lobbying regulations, campaign finance laws, and ethics rules. more





80%of our members recognized with the industry's rankings publications 
41 countriesrepresented in our client list
61%of our attorneys have published thought leadership in the last 2 years
subscribe to our mailing list






jump to page










washington, d.c. t (202) 862-5000
new york t (212) 379-6000






join our mailing list
site map
disclaimer
privacy policy
© 2025 caplin & drysdale
attorney advertising
site by firmseek









share icon





linkedin icon





twitter icon



facebook icon






we use cookies to make your experience of our website better. by continuing to browse this site you consent to the use of cookies. please visit our privacy policy for more information.






