





northwest adoption exchange







































help improve our website! we’re working to make information easier to find.
take a few minutes to complete this short activity and organize topics in a way that makes sense to you.thank you for your input.










northwest adoption exchange


nwae



toggle navigation








donate


wa login




meet the youth




youth profiles


about youth in care


parenting a teen


about making inquiries


frequently asked questions 






adoption from foster care




about adoption


other forms of permanency


the adoption process


find an agency


how to interview an agency






about us




who we are


how we help families


how we help professionals


about in-depth profiles


youth-led permanency consultation 


contact us


















finding adoptive families for youth in foster care.


northwest adoption exchange makes important connections between youth in foster care and potential adoptive families.



view youth profiles











featuring in-depth profiles



there are lots of older kids who want to be adopted, but not enough families.with in-depth profiles™, we're changing that. by collaborating with teens like paige—teens who want to inspire and speak directly to potential adoptive families—we're helping more teens find permanency.


see paige's story







see paige's story







get emails featuring insights on adopting from foster care, youth stories, and more.


sign up for email






our approach






strength-based


we feature youth using positive language that honors their story and celebrates their potential, because we all deserve to put our best foot forward.









youth-driven


youth voices are important. we search for innovative ways for youth to tell their stories to potential adoptive families.









fiercely optimistic


our community can meet the need. we believe that every child can find the adoptive family they deserve.









interested in adopting from foster care?





learn how to adopt.


move forward on the path to adopt from foster care.

how to adopt





learn how we can help.


discover how we connect youth with adoptive families.

how we help














for youth


sign up for email






donate




contact us


about nwra


careers






© nwae
2025
|
privacy policy
|
terms of use

northwest adoption exchange is a program ofnorthwest resource associates, a 501c(3) nonprofit agency which is committed to enhancing the health and safety of children, families, and communities.




