








homepage - house rabbit network















































 





 



skip to content




 
house rabbit network



house rabbit network
about

board of directors
news
hrn rabbit statistics
mission statement


resources

services

spa day
rhdv-2 clinics


education
veterinarians


adoption
support

donate

condo sponsorships
legacy gifts


events
wish list
volunteer
gift shop


contact
 










 






rescuing rabbits innew england & beyond






educating abouthouse rabbits& their care






compassionately
caring for allbunnies in need



















adopt
by choosing adoption, you provide a loving home to a rabbit in need, helping to reduce the number of homeless bunnies in shelters. bunnies are charming creatures full of intelligence, warmth, and joy – consider finding your perfect match with us today!
is a rabbit right for you?
try fostering or bunsitting with us first. this offers you the opportunity to see if a rabbit fits into your lifestyle while allowing us to help rescue more bunnies and support our community!
 







what’s hoppening at hrn?









 















sponsor
from rabbits with chronic illnesses to rabbits surrendered with near fatal injuries, here at hrn, we give them another chance at life. our veterinary care is our largest expense – and we couldn’t save these rabbits without donors like you. to prevent the overpopulation of rabbits and eliminate the chance of reproductive cancers, we spay and neuter every rabbit who hops through our doors. every bunny deserves pain-free lives in loving homes, a commitment we are proud to honor.
save a rabbit’s life today
when you fully or partially sponsor a rabbit today, we can provide the best veterinary care possible for them. while most of our rabbits can be treated and then adopted into forever homes, some are assigned sanctuary status. these bunnies are placed in hospice homes with loving foster parents who spoil them until they cross the rainbow bridge. these bunnies are often undergoing treatment to ensure they are comfortable and happy.
















advocate
rabbits are often misunderstood, affecting the quality of their care. our mission at hrn is to challenge these misconceptions, promoting better welfare for rabbits across the northeast. through education & outreach, we are forging a path to a holistic representation of these complex creatures.
be their voice
rabbits are quiet animals and often suffer in silence – it’s our responsibility to be their advocates and speak on their behalf. become a member today to help continue our education initiatives.
 

 











who we are
founded by rabbit-expert, suzanne trayhan, in 2000, house rabbit network (hrn) remains a team of dedicated, highly-skilled, and passionate humans who work tirelessly every day to save bunnies in need.
hrn is made up of over 150 individuals who are champions of rabbit rescue! from lovingly caring for sick and abandoned rabbits to finding them loyal forever homes, our volunteers make up the heart of the network. we have many teams to address all aspects of owning and rescuing rabbits: bonding services, bunsitting, a foster committee, spa days, new bunny ownership, and more. read more about hrn departments under “about.”
 
 




















 









			 
	 


		thanks for hopping by! 	

		built with make. your friendly wordpress page builder theme.	






instagram





facebook





 
























