


 dreamscapes landscaping buffalo, ny - lawn care, landscaping, snowplowing and more

 


































 loading, please wait...
            







                                        							716-683-2408
    							    						
serving buffalo & wny since 1956
        					





about
services

lawn care
outdoor living
landscaping
snowplowing


portfolio

blog
employment
contact







buffalo's premier landscaping & lawn care provider



lawncare


outdoorliving


landscapedesign


snowremoval




request a quote










about dreamscapes
 
 
dreamscapes was founded with one simple principle in mind: provide unparalleled customer support and outstanding quality services. since our founding in 1956, we have built up a staff of professionals to serve your every landscaping need. we employ experts in the landscape and lawn care industry to give you a personalized and custom approach to your outdoor design needs. from routine lawn mowing and fertilization to creating elegant outdoor living spaces, dreamscapes has been the dominant leader in the industry by providing attention to detail, quality products and quality workmanship. our reputation for customer satisfaction in the buffalo and western new york areas, are what has made dreamscapes a household name in the industry.
 






services





lawn care
from lawn care such as mowing and trimming... 
                        						to fertilization and maintenance... 
                        						to seasonal care and clean-up... 
                        						to dethatching and aerating... 
                        						let us make your lawn look like what you see in your dreams!
read more... 




outdoor living
from outdoor living and landscape installation services...
                                				to comprehensive outdoor room construction... 
                                				let us give you the yard of your dreams!
read more...




landscape design
from landscape design and construction...
                                				to landscaping beds and planting...
                                				to pavers, walkways, steps and patios...
                                				to outdoor kitchens, ponds and waterfalls, deck construction and more...
                                				let us turn your dreams into reality! 
                                				read more... 




snow removal
from snowplowing and sidewalk clearing... 
                                    			to residential, commercial and municipal snow removal... 
                                    			to a variety of ice-melt and salting solutions... 
                                    			let us take care of your snow removal needs, so you can enjoy your dreams!
read more...









portfolio






before and after photos

there are 14 photos in this gallery.






landscaping

there are 26 photos in this gallery.






patio

there are 10 photos in this gallery.






walks and steps

there are 17 photos in this gallery.








walls

there are 20 photos in this gallery.






water feature

there are 15 photos in this gallery.






miscellaneous

there are 37 photos in this gallery.








customer testimonials


            i have never used a landscaping company ever but i would recommend this team anyday!!!!they transformed my front yard exactly they way i wanted it.the communication from design until after planting has been done has been terrific				
				

                william                 d                                 ~ hamburg                , ny  
                


            gary and crew,
i cannot tell you how grateful i am for you helping me this end of winter with all the snow.  i have been told since i was a child that god sends angels when you need them most.  this past season you have proven that to be true. 
thank you from the bottom of my heart.				
				

                m                 f                                 ~ depew                , ny  
                


            gary and crew, 
thank you so much for the great work. the yard is beautiful. i am very happy with the outcome. the workers were great and friendly, and worked very hard. i know we are going to have many great evenings on this beautiful patio. thanks again!
laly and oscar				
				

                laly and oscar                 c                                                  
                


see all testimonials >>
write your testimonial >> 



dreamscapes











company

contact us
request quote
blog
employment



services

landscaping
lawn treatments
lawn care
snow plowing



customers

testimonials
portfolio
help & support





send a message



first name   

last name   



e-mail   


your message   

send inquiry






contact dreamscapes

dreamscapes landscaping
5 old indian road
                                    cheektowaga, new york 14227
                                    (716) 683-2408 phone
                                    
    								
















© 2009-present dreamscapes landscaping all rights reserved.
website development and web hosting by online media
    						





