




horse sculpture: art by sculptor patricia crane








horse sculpture: art by sculptor patricia crane



bronze horse sculpture
awards & trophies horse sculpture
resin horse sculpture
life size bronze horse sculpture
life size horse sculpture
porcelain horse sculpture and raku
arabian horse sculpture



horse  knowledge center

horse breeds:
     light horse breeds & types
     draft horse breeds
     pony breeds: all ponies
riding styles riding disciplines
history of horse art
american saddlebred famous horses
horse history articles: tales

meet the horse artist: sculptor patricia crane
contact






















 ● 
 ● 
 ● 
 ● 
 ● 
 ● 
 ● 
 ● 
 ● 
 ● 
 ● 
 ● 
 ● 



since the retirement of patricia crane, her horse sculpture is now available for viewing in either museums, public parks, private
collections, or on this website.

patricia's horse sculpture first achieved fame internationally via her remarkable life size  horse sculpture installed in front of the international museum, 
                        in lexington, kentucky and also in front of the american saddlebred horse museum. while patricia has created  horse sculpture in many media and of many 
                        breeds, it is through portraiture in bronze sculpture that her talent has been most spectacularly realized.  she is one of the better known artists and her work is justly celebrated for its compelling realism, and utter "aliveness".

along with her well known bronze horse sculpture, crane also created a series of resin horse sculpture, highly valued by collectors, as well as those seeking rare and  lovely gifts by a well-known sculptor.     both crane's bronze and resin horse sculpture have been and are presented as show trophies and awards internationally.


from larger than life to miniatures, you are cordially invited to visit all of the site areas listed below to view original horse art works, plus horse sculpture, gifts, show trophies and awards.






bronze horsesculpture gallery



an online gallery displaying
museum quality bronze horse
sculpture of many breeds,
portraits and sizes.
 


featured bronze




life size horse sculpturefor asb museum



life size portrait for the
american saddlebred
museum of the famous
stallion supreme sultan. 


featured photo




life size bronze horsesculpture for ky horse park



step by step making of a 
life size bronze frontispiece
for international museum of
the horse, at the kentucky 
horse park.


featured photo




resin horsesculpture gallery



various breeds are depicted
in resin sculpture, for the 
collector of sculpture, or as
show trophies, awards or gifts.


featured resin sculpture








historyof horse art



art work of horses began 
before the history of written 
language. various time
periods are discussed and 
illustrated in this section.


featured history era

medieval times



 horse breeds



horse breeds: including light horse breeds, draft breeds, pony breeds, rare breeds. the most popular: mustang and wild horses.


breeds & types

australian stock horse



riding stylesriding disciplines



riding styles & disciplines: with sections on english style riding disciplines and western style riding disciplines. 


featured riding discipline

thoroughbred racing



 featured breed



the american saddlebred is a
product of 250 yrs of selective
breeding.  saddlebred history:
famous  saddlebreds, facts,
info, origins.


featured saddlebreds

supreme sultan







porcelain  horsesculpture & raku



a white, hand-rubbed, matte 
finish of bisque porcelain 
captures subtle nuance of the
sculptures, in light and
shadow.


raku sculpture
original raku - such sculpture is exceedingly rare.



horse history articlestales of the horse



tales of the horse offers articles about famous horses in history and myth, and horse facts within written history.


featured article

traveller and robert e. lee



awards & trophieshorse sculpture



a collection of sculpture to fill
the needs for show trophies,
yearly awards, perpetual & 
the memorial trophy.
 


featured trophy




arabian arthorse sculpture



the grace, elegance and 
timeless heritage of the noble 
arabian always enriches our
lives, be it a breathing horse,
or sculpture!


featured photo
















   © all photos and sculpture copyright 2000 - 2025, patricia crane.
   resources




