







detail kitchens















































0








        skip to content
      













detail kitchens








        home
      






























                    contact us
                  






open menu
close menu

















detail kitchens








        home
      






























                    contact us
                  






open menu
close menu
























                  home
                





























                contact us
              
















































extraordinary designs. extraordinary kitchens.



at detail kitchens, we've been transforming homes in the northwest suburbs of chicago for over 40 years. we provide a boutique experience, offering designs that range from traditional to contemporary. our personalized approach ensures we find the perfect look to match your lifestyle, utilizing our exceptional range of products.














projects
























































































































products



whether you’re considering a new kitchen renovation, seeking inspiration for your next project, or simply curious to see what’s new, we encourage you to stop by and say hello. our team is here to welcome you, answer any questions you may have, and guide you through the process of bringing your vision to life. come visit our brand-new showroom at our new location: 76 w seegers rd in arlington heights. here, alongside our partner company suburban trim & glass, you can explore and experience our products firsthand. benefit from the extensive product knowledge of our designers and discover the perfect solutions for your home. 




    learn more
  



 



cabinetry



after 40 years of offering various cabinetry brands, detail kitchens now exclusively features the full range of plato woodwork cabinetry.






































counter tops




    learn more
  



detail kitchens provides a comprehensive selection of countertop options for complete kitchen and bath renovations.


























hardware




    learn more
  



hardware is the jewelry on your cabinetry. detail kitchens offers hardware from several manufacturers.


























plumbing products




    learn more
  



detail kitchens offers and recommends plumbing fixtures from the top six leading manufacturers.



























what people are saying









“detail kitchens is a fantabulous company to work with. they are prompt, courteous and efficient. they know their product and they truly care about customer service. detail kitchens provided us with a beautiful kitchen a few years back and the "lazy susans" we have in each corner had given way over the years. pete came out, looked at the situation and immediately took care of it - even going back to his office, picking up/buying the necessary screws, and then immediately coming back to our home and fixing the problem. i offered him money as a "thank you" and he politely refused. i coudn't be happier with the people and work from detail kitchens. you rock!!!”

marc w





“look no place else for your kitchen, bath and laundry room cabinets needs. we chose detail kitchens in arlington heights following a recommendation of our architect bob flubacker and could not be happier. my cabinets function and still look amazing 24 years later. mike was just out today to adjust some doors. detail kitchens is all about customer service! in today's world it is virtually impossible to locate companies who back their products ... detail kitchens will always take care of their customers ... even 24 years later.”

sherry b





“speaking as a consumer and an interior designer, i cannot give high enough praise to detail kitchens! my own kitchen project was done a few years ago and it was pain-free, within budget, on schedule and it turned out gorgeous. since that time, i have brought many clients to them and they always make me look like a rock-star, super-hero! the attention to details (no surprise there) is incredible and they go above and beyond in the service area. every person employed there is pleasant to work with, friendly, attentive and knowledgeable. they have several lines of cabinets, from high end to more affordable, to fit most budgets. i look forward to working with detail kitchens for many years to come.”

claudia w





"from our first meeting with lisa, to the final day of construction, we were very pleased with the customer service, quality and attention to detail offered at detail kitchens. our home is 125 years old, which comes with some renovation challenges. mike, jason and our construction team were very creative in solving problems and ensuring that our vision was created. the communication was excellent throughout the project. i can not praise detail kitchens enough. five stars, for sure!!!"

amy s





"mike, the guy that owns this place should have his own hgtv show. from the quote to the finished kitchen you couldnt ask for a higher quality result and better comminication from a remodler. no bs, when you call mike or his designer lisa they get back to you promptly. you get what you pay for and when its over you want them to remodel more rooms. another added bonus is that they cut thier own glass in their warehouse so any custom idea is achievable. if you want the best experience money can buy, look no further."

nick z



























































book an appointment










              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email
              
                *





              i am interested in
              
                *


kitchen
laundry room
new home kitchen design
entertainment areas
other (no countertop only replacements)





              preferred date
              
            



mm





dd





yyyy





              preferred time
              
            

morning
afternoon





              additional comments
              
            







thank you for reaching out. we will get back to you shortly!

















about us















serviceskitchen renovationslaundry room renovationentertainment centers



location76 w seegers rd, arlington heights, il 60005



our staff




    meet the team
  



hoursmon-fri: 9:00am - 4:00pmweekends by appointment*please call to make an appointment to work with a designer*





























info@detailkitchens.com(847)-253-1015


   



follow







































