








salem art association

































































salem art association logo




















 
slide 1❄️ important notice ❄️due to the snow and winter weather, bush barn art center & annex will be closed thursday february 13 and friday february 14. but hey, it’s a good day to make art! 🎨✨ after all, it’s always a good day for creativity. stay safe, stay cozy, and we can't wait to see you soon!slide 1open call for young artists’ showcase participants when your k-12 student participates in a young artists’ showcase, they gain a stronger sense of self-expression, connect with a creative community, and are inspired to keep exploring artistic problem-solving and self-discovery. drop off your young artists work noon to 4:00 p.m. either the weekend of february 15 & 16 or february 22 & 23.
find out moreprintable artist formslide 1a conversation with the artist jeremy okai davis, gwen carr and tammy jo wilsonsaturday february 22, 2025 please join us for a panel discussion with artist jeremy okai davis who has spent the last three years working on portraits of oregon black pioneers commissioned by the salem art association and bush house museum. the conversation will explore okai davis’ own research and process and discuss how the project came to be realized and the future of the project. 
find out moreslide 1storytelling with nakeezaka suloostu jackwednesday, february 19, 2025 from 6:00 p.m. – 7:00 p.m.find out moredentalium earring workshop with nakoosa morelandsaturday, february 22, 2025 from 11:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.find out morewe are excited to welcome visiting indigenous art co-teachers-in-residence from chemeketa community college, nakoosa jack and nakeezaka jack with two events in the month of february. 
slide 1whisper of spring  | presented by the ohara school, oregon chapter february 20 – 22, 2025 | camas gallery
reception thursday, february 20th at 2:00 p.m to 3:00 p.m.
we invite you to explore “whispers of spring,” presented by the ohara school of ikebana, oregon chapter. discover the serene beauty of japanese floral art as we celebrate the arrival of spring through the grace of ikebana.
find out moreslide 1reenvisioned: contemporary portraits of our black ancestors | jeremy okai davisjanuary 10 – february 22, 2025 | a.n. bush galleryour invitation to jeremy was simple: tell the story of early black pioneers whose contributions to oregon history have long been overlooked. the portraits are stunning – jeremy is a highly talented artist who paints with grace and skill.
find out moreslide 1an angel will appear | egor eilish gormleyjanuary 10 – february 22, 2025 | focus galleryegor (eilish gormley) presents a mythology on an inquisitive woman’s choice of fate, in the form of film, music, and painting: “an angel will appear” our protagonist, in a deja vuvian moment, realizes that she is about to be visited by an angel. she is overjoyed. her excitement fades as reality unfolds. this may not be an announcement she desires. she must act fiercely in order to take the reins of her fate.
find out moreartists eyefavorite things ii | jason hillnovember 8, 2024 – june 29, 2025 | bush house museum america waldo bogle galleryfavorite things is a portrait and short film series depicting regional artists with items that are precious to them. developed by portland filmmaker and photographer jason hill, this work documents a collaboration wherein artists were instructed to share and speak about a favorite item in a studio setting. the results are an experiment with light and color to create magical portraits and filmed testimonials
learn moreslide 1earlybird artist applicationssalem art fair & festivalapplications for the 2025 salem art fair & festival are now open!
calling all artists! applications for the 76th annual salem art fair & festival, taking place september 12-14, 2025, are officially live on zapplication. this is your chance to be a part of one of the pacific northwest’s most celebrated art events! the salem art fair is a vibrant community celebration that draws thousands of supporters of the arts each year.
early bird deadline: february 17, 2025 (get $10 off your application with the code: "76years")
final deadline: june 6, 2025 (no exceptions, so mark your calendars!)
find out more & apply todayslide 1bush barn art center & annexthe bush barn art center & annex are open to the public thursday - saturday, noon to 4:00 p.m.
slide 1our post election commitment message from executive director matthew boulayread full letterslide 1art workshopssaa is excited to bring back art classes for adults! we value your input and want to create the best experiences for all participants. please take a moment to share your thoughts with us by completing a brief 5-minute survey via this google forms link. your feedback will help us tailor the classes to best meet our community’s needs. thank you in advance for contributing to our vibrant arts education programs!
find out more 








actively engaging,educating and preserving
the salem art association is a 501c3 non-profit organization serving the mid-willamette valley since 1919.
learn more about us













art unites us in action 
we stand together and know that art in our lives is absolutely pivotal in understanding one another, in finding common ground, and in imagining creative solutions together. art brings us together and unites us in our humanity.
i support art in my community



upcoming and



upcoming events, workshops, & artist in residency

full calendar of events













call for artists
call for artists opportunities for the bush barn art center take place throughout the year. click the link for a current list of ways to get your art out into the world through the salem art association
apply now








supporters
thank you to the following supporters whose generous contributions support the salem art association in making art experiences possible for everyone in our community.













compton family foundation
michele j. patterson
janet neuburg
braemar charitable trust
harvest foundation


bob & marypat hill family foundation



autzen foundation



william s. walton charitable trust




sponsors
special thanks to our generous sponsors






























 





sign up for our e-newsletter






* indicates required
email address *













connect with us







the bush barn art center & annex600 mis­sion st. se, salem, or 97302 • 503-581‑2228
free admission year-round • closed christmas day through new year’s day




 
slide 2salem art fair & festival september 12 – 14, 2025
free for saa members!become a member today and mark your calendars for next year’s 76th annual salem art fair & festival for september 12 - 14, 2025 produced by salem art association. salem art fair & festival is an honored 76-year-old event is one of the largest of its kind in the pacific northwest and draws artists from around the country.
 






this website has been funded in part by a grant from willamette valley visitor association in utilization of travel oregon regional cooperative tourism program funds.




 


 


english				


 
spanish					          
english 



















