





purebeads: czech glass beads and other varieties






















$3.50 flat-rate shipping to u.s. ($5.00 for 
			large orders) • 
  

			the 14% discount is now permanent








 
















there are

            1250+ 
products posted on this site.
orders are 
          shipped in 4-5 days.  please click 

here 
            to read about shipping times.




             




sale – 14% off
the proprietor is now 
						semi-retired and in the
						process of selling off the remaining stock.
						the site is projected to close in 2025 or later.



 







beads

customer service

helpful articles*







new items



beads by color



smooth shapes



faceted shapes

misc. categories:



picasso



celsian-ab



luster-gilt



iridescent



opalescent



matte



glass pearls



table-cut



premium



pottery



large hole



discounted




terms of sale



quantity discounts



customer faq



about shipping delays



bead types



about/contact





what's a fair price for beads?



advice for ebay buyers



selling 
                  your jewelry



create 
            your own website



how to install a shopping cart



how to accept credit-card
                  payments on your website



printing postage from
                  the internet



how 
            to email your customers



how i take my 
            photos



understanding jpgs and other
            image file formats



selecting a 
            camera



a caution about jewelry cable



semiprecious beads,
            the moral dilemma



gallery of
            customers' designs
* articles are revised periodically.  
            between revisions,
            information may go out of date.



















       













if you 
                  are expecting an email from me and don't receive it, please 
                  check your
                  spam folder.  many of my messages seem to get caught in 
                  spam filters.





       







join my mailing list
                  click
                  
here to go to the sign-up page.




       






why 
                  shop at purebeads?







 interesting selection 
                        of beads


 reasonable prices (not the lowest, but definitely not 
                        the highest) (1)


 no "premium" pricing (i do not put a higher markup on desirable beads) (2)


 attractive, easy-to-navigate site


 good, clear pictures with 
                        detailed descriptions
(3)


 defects  clearly described and compensated for
(4)


 good customer service; 
                        all emails are answered


 10% discount on orders of $100 
                        or more


 15% discount on orders of $200 
                        or more


 flat-rate 
                        shipping of $3.50 on u.s. orders up to $500
						(international 
                        customers pay actual shipping costs)


 reasonably fast shipping, depending on sales volume
(5)


 many payment options (major credit cards, paypal,  money order)


 no restocking fee 
                        for returns made within 30 days


                         



(1) my prices on some beads, such as 
                        the regular table-cut beads, are the lowest 
                        retail prices on the internet.

(2) if some  beads on my site have 
                        unusually high prices, it's because my suppliers used premium pricing, and i 
                        decided to get the beads even though they were over-priced.  
                        i apply markups in a range of percentages, and i never exceed 
                        that range -- except on those rare occasions when i get 
						a good deal on quality beads.  in such instances, i 
						will apply average prices.  also, sometimes i may 
						buy a group of similar beads and sell them at an 
						averaged price.

(3) to see a full description of a particular bead, click 
                        on the bead name or the picture.  a larger picture 
                        is always available on the product's page.

(4) when some beads in a batch are defective, i lower 
                        the price or (in the case of very expensive beads) i examine the beads individually and 
                        eliminate the defective beads.

(5) i ship 2-3 business days after an order is place, and sometimes 
						4 or 5 days 
                        if i just sent out a mailing or i'm holding a 
                        sale.  in most cases you will have your 
                        beads within a week.  to read more, please click
                        here.










       




important note about viewing pictures on the internet:

aol and many other 
                  dial-up services (especially those that advertise themselves 
                  as fast or "accelerated") use graphics compression to 
                  make pictures and web graphics load more quickly.  
                  compression, however, causes pictures and web graphics to look
                  blurry.  if all of the graphics you see on the 
                  internet look slightly blurry, please contact your internet 
                  service-provider to find out how to turn graphics compression
                  off.  if you don't turn graphics compression off, 
                  you won't be able to appreciate the quality of the pictures on this site.


 




privacy notice:


                  no private information that is given to purebeads by customers 
                  (such as their names or addresses) will ever be sold or shared with 
                  any other company.  furthermore, purebeads does not have 
                  access to your credit-card information.  payments are 
                  processed immediately by a credit-cart processing firm, 
                  and that information is never given to purebeads; nor is it 
                  stored on this web site.  if this site were to be hacked, 
                  your credit-card information would be safe. 




   






news & announcements

november, 2020

two minor changes at 
					purebeads


as of late october, 2020, i have switched 
					online postage companies, so my labels will look more 
					commercial.  the new company is pirate ship 
					(pirateship.com) and i recommend them to anyone who needs to 
					print package labels at home.  they charge no fees, but 
					you can't print stamps or send regular mail with their 
					service (only packages).  i will also be using usps 
					insurance for priority packages.  in the past, i used a 
					private package-insurance company for all shipments.

despite being 70 and having a fair number 
					of health issues, i keep chugging along.  my sales are 
					low because google stopped listing my site in searches 
					(apparently because my site is not professionally designed, 
					and because my traffic is low), but i am determined to sell 
					off my remaining products.  if i am in good health once 
					the beads start to get low, i may restock and remain in 
					business after 2025. 


february, 2020

did you send me an email?


on february 15, 2020 i accidentally 
					deleted an email from a customer about an 8mm bead i might 
					have (i saw "8mm" in the text before i deleted it).  i 
					get a huge amount of spam via my web site, and sometimes 
					when i am sifting through it, i am too quick to hit the 
					delete button.  if you sent me a message and didn't get 
					an answer, please try again.  sorry. 


february, 2019

what is happening at 
					purebeads


unlike most internet sellers, i have 
					always been honest with my customers.  i have already 
					revealed that my business has been slumping since 2012, for 
					several reasons:  the whole bead business started 
					slumping then, and competition from china has increased 
					(ebay especially now carries more chinese beads than czech 
					beads).  however, another reason my business is 
					slumping is that my ranking in google searches has dropped.  
					from 2002 to 2015, my site ranked highly for dozens of 
					search terms, such as "czech beads", "glass beads", "faceted 
					beads", "bicone beads", "baroque beads", "pink beads", "blue 
					beads", "green beads", etc.  but when i checked google 
					in 2017, my site ranked highly for only one term ("givre 
					beads").  today, my site doesn't rank highly for any 
					terms.  clearly, google has changed the way it ranks 
					sites, but there are other reasons:  i may not be using 
					seo terms correctly, and my site is not "cell phone 
					friendly" (there are undoubtedly more reasons).  in 
					addition, google knows how much traffic a site is getting, 
					and if traffic drops, they rank the site lower -- which 
					creates a downward spiral in which the site keeps sinking.  
					that's what has happened to my site.

so what am i going to do?  i'm 
					looking into fixing the problems on the site, but that will 
					take time.  i have no plans to close the site since i 
					still have a large inventory.  actually, this situation 
					will accrue to the benefit of my customers, since i expect 
					to put my beads on sale more often.  i am now a senior 
					citizen collecting social security; and as long as i can 
					make even a little money from the site, i will keep it open.


postal shipping rates have 
					gone up


i learned this month that the post 
					office's shipping rates have gone up substantially this 
					year, 20% or even more.  most alarmingly, the post 
					office now charges different first-class rates depending on 
					the geographic zone (just like they do for parcel post 
					packages).  that was never the case before.  
					previous to this, first-class rates were the same no matter 
					how far the package was going.  thus, a 6 oz. 
					package to california now costs 20% more than it did last 
					year, and a similar package to florida costs 10% more.

one year ago i increased my flat shipping 
					rate to $3.50 from $3.00.  that rate does not 
					cover my shipping costs.  if i increase it to $4, i 
					believe i will lose sales.  the only thing that i 
					can do is to offer lower discounts when i put my products on 
					sale.  because my sales have been slow, for the last 
					few months i have been offering 20% off.  i have now 
					dropped that to 15% off.

by the way, i believe that there is a law 
					in place that says that the post office cannot raise 
					rates faster than the rate of inflation, so i don't know how 
					the post office is getting away with these price increases.


february, 2018

flat-rate shipping fee has 
					gone up 50¢


sadly, i have had to raise my flat-rate 
					shipping fee for u.s. customers by 50¢.  when i first 
					instituted flat-rate shipping many years ago, i was losing 
					about $1 per order.  now i am losing about $2 per order 
					(on average; my estimates).  given that i am putting my 
					beads on sale more often, i can't afford to lose so much on 
					shipping.  because the postal service has been in 
					financial trouble for almost a decade, they continue to 
					raise their rates every year.  for example, it used to 
					cost me a dollar to mail a 4-oz. package (more than a decade 
					ago); now it costs me $3.65.  a one-pound flat-rate box 
					used to cost about $5; now it costs $8.


november, 2017

what's happening at 
					purebeads?


as i stated a year ago, the bead business 
					has been in a slump since about 2012.  one of my 
					suppliers went out of business; another stopped ordering 
					beads (to concentrate on other products); and a third 
					discontinued all their old bead styles and switched to 
					cheaper beads.  it took me a while to figure out what 
					was going on, but it goes something like this:  in 2011, the u.s. postal service (for reasons i'll never 
					understand) made deals with the postal services of several 
					far east countries to give them lower postage to the u.s.  
					consequently, the u.s. market has been flooded with cheap chinese 
					beads since 2012.  this has caused many bead suppliers and sellers to 
					go out of business.  i chose to take early retirement 
					in 2012, 
					but i am keeping the business open because it makes me some 
					extra money in addition to my social security check.  
					however, my business suffered an additional hit in 2016 and 
					2017 when my site disappeared from most google searches.  
					google is always fooling around with their search 
					algorithms, and there is nothing i can do about that.  
					however, i have no immediate plans to close the business.


march, 2017

international shipping 
					rates continue to skyrocket


the cost of shipping packages to 
					international customers continues to climb, and the reason 
					is fairly simple.  the u.s. postal service 
					has been in dire financial straights for at least five 
					years, and congress refuses to legislate a fix.  there 
					is a law on the books which says that domestic postal rates 
					cannot go up faster than the rate of inflation.  
					however, the postal service can hike international rates all 
					they want, and that's what they've been doing.  a 
					customer from 2013 recently contacted me about the cost of 
					shipping.  in 2013, she purchased 12 ounces of beads, 
					and they cost $13.50 to ship.  i had to tell her that 
					the same amount of beads would cost $23.60 to ship today.

sadly, i am unable to offer a flat-rate 
					shipping rate to foreign customers because there are 
					additional expenses associated with international orders
					

– 
					specifically, higher credit-card fees and package insurance 
					fees.  i cannot afford to lose money on shipping too.


october, 2016

the bead business is in a 
					slump


the bead business is in a slump, and it 
					didn't become clear to me just how much of a slump until 
					just recently.  for me, the slump started in mid-2012.  
					ironically, the recession which started in 2008 didn't 
					affect my business that much, so i'm not sure why the slump 
					started in 2012, although i have my suspicions.  in 
					2011, the u.s. postal service signed agreements with the 
					postal services of china, taiwan, singapore and malaysia 
					which gave them reduced postage rates to the u.s.  that 
					break in postal rates, combined with subsidies which the 
					chinese government is known to make to its manufacturing 
					companies, created a flood of chinese beads in the united 
					states, most of them selling on ebay (ebay was part of these 
					agreements, although i don't know why the u.s. postal 
					service would give an advantage to just one american 
					company).  consequently, there are now beads selling on 
					ebay at prices that are lower than the wholesale prices that 
					i pay for beads from the czech republic.

this influx of chinese beads is putting 
					american bead wholesalers out of business.  one 
					supplier, york beads, closed its doors a couple years ago.  
					another supplier just announced that they are not going out 
					of business, but they won't be selling beads any more.  
					my main supplier 

– the supplier which provided about 75% of 
					the beads on my site 

– is discontinuing their entire older 
					bead stock.  they have switched almost entirely to 
					beads in ordinary shapes with artificial coatings, which are 
					cheaper to make.  (the problem with artificial coatings 
					is that the colors fade with time.)  because bead 
					wholesalers in the u.s. are in such dire straights, i have 
					an opportunity to buy up the older stock of these companies 
					at reduced prices 

– but i can't because my own sales are 
					down and i don't have any money.

purebeads is not going out of business, 
					but i frankly don't know what the future holds for the bead 
					business in general.


march, 2016

many beads going out of 
					stock


i learned this month that my main 
					supplier is discontinuing many of the bead styles that have 
					sold well for me. this includes the best-selling 12mm 
					polished rectangles and ovals, and also the rosebud faceted 
					beads. i quizzed the supplier about this, and they say that 
					some styles may come back on the market at a later date. in 
					some cases, they say that only some colors are being 
					discontinued. it is quite confusing. what i am told depends 
					on who i am talking to at the supplier.

					however, i feel that i should inform my customers. below is 
					a list of beads which may eventually go out of stock. in 
					some cases, the supplier has a large stock of the beads 
					remaining, so they won't go out of stock immediately. 
					indeed, it may be a couple years before all the beads 
					disappear from my site, but in other cases the beads may 
					disappear much sooner.

table-cut beads:
					12mm polished rectangles (usually with picasso coating on 
					the edges)
					12mm polished ovals (usually with picasso coating on the 
					edges)
					9mm polished ovals with a raised diamond (with picasso 
					coating on the edges)

faceted beads:
					6mm and 8mm "rosebud" shaped beads
					6mm "renaissance" shaped beads
					6mm faceted pony beads

smooth beads:
					2x4mm rondelles
					6mm rondelles (possibly only some colors)
					6mm bicones
					6mm and 8mm 3-cut round beads
					8x13mm trumpet flowers

(note:  since posting this, my main 
					supplier has set up a page listing all the items that are 
					going out of stock, and that page includes almost everything 
					they sell.  they claim that they aren't going 
					out of business, so i don't know what's going on.)


november, 2015

payment procedures have 
					changed


i have just upgraded to paypal advanced 
					from paypal standard.  for the last three years i have 
					been using only paypal standard.  paypal standard would 
					allow customers to pay with their credit or debit cards, but 
					the customer had to pay on paypal's site, which was 
					confusing.  with paypal advanced, credit- and 
					debit-card customers will pay directly on my site.  paypal will still be processing the payment, but the 
					procedure that customers go through will be more transparent 
					and logical.

when you enter your credit-card number on 
					my site, that number will be communicated to paypal via a 
					secure connection (as indicated by "https:" in the address).  
					credit-card numbers are not saved on this website, so 
					you don't have to worry that your credit-card number will be 
					stolen if the site is hacked (which isn't likely anyway).  never at any point 
					in the payment process am i given access to your credit-card 
					information.  that information goes directly to paypal, 
					and i never see it.

mystery beads

in the last few months, i have been buying 
					samples of chinese crystal beads.  those samples will 
					be sold on my site as mystery beads.  chinese crystal 
					beads are more perfect than czech fire-polished beads, but 
					are less perfect than czech preciosa-brand crystal beads.  
					however, they are substantially cheaper than preciosa beads, 
					so you will get a good deal for the $3 you spend for each 
					lot of mystery beads.  (i will choose the color you 
					get.)


april, 2015

no more pearls


glass pearls have become the bane of my 
					existence in recent years.  it was about three years 
					ago (right after i bought a huge amount of them) that i noticed that pearls 
					sometimes fade as they sit in the box.  
					at first i thought it was a fluke, limited to only some 
					pearls; but then i realized it was happening to any pearl 
					which had any blue in it, which included blue, aqua, teal, 
					lavender and purple.  then, recently, i noticed that 
					rosy pinks turn to peachy pinks as they sit in the box 
					(peachy pinks are less popular than rosy pinks).  
					that was the last straw:  no more pearls.  i may 
					continue to get pearls in metallic colors, but i am not 
					certain of that.

in the early days of my business, pearls 
					were an "easy buy".  they sold fairly well, and they 
					weren't very expensive.  as recently as four years ago, 
					i was still trying to stock pearls in every color of the 
					rainbow.  but as the warnings on my site about fading 
					have increased, they have started selling slowly, to the 
					point where i am now worried that i will end up with a huge 
					stock of unsellable beads.  the solution to that will 
					be to discount the prices.  gradually, over the next 
					few months, i will be applying discounts to any pearls that 
					have changed color.  the fact that i am phasing out the 
					pearls means that i'll be able to focus on more interesting 
					beads.

for those who don't know, pearls are 
					synthetically coated 

– meaning 
					that they have polymer-based coatings which contain dyes 
					(and dyes can fade).  colored glass is different:  
					metals are added to the glass, which give the glass color.  
					thus, "cobalt blue" actually has cobalt in it.  colored 
					glass will never fade.  thus, my focus will be on 
					buying beads that are made of colored glass.  there 
					are some synthetic coatings which seem to hold their 
					color, and i may continue to buy those beads, but not 
					pearls.


purebeads has moved


as you know, purebeads is a home-based 
					business.  i have now moved three times since i opened 
					in 2002.  the moves are always for personal reasons:  
					the first move was to be closer to my aging mother, who has 
					since died.  the last two moves were to get away from 
					neighbors i didn't like.  hopefully, things will turn 
					out better where i am now.


january, 2015

your opinion is needed!


i am thinking of widening the shopping cart 
					so that four columns of products run down the center instead 
					of three.  that might be a problem for customers with 
					older monitors and customers who order from a cell phone.  
					if a wider cart would be a problem for you, please let me 
					know.


december, 2014

new beads, some with 
					close-up photos


sales are always slow during december 
					because beads are not a gift item, so i spent most of the 
					month posting new beads.  for the most part, the beads 
					are fairly ordinary -- that's because many of them are 
					job-lot beads that i bought many years ago.  but 
					there's another reason:  when i buy new beads, i will 
					often post the most spectacular beads first, and then leave 
					the less spectacular beads for later.  nonetheless, 
					they are new, and some customers will like them.

towards the end of posting all those beads, 
					it occurred to me that my new camera gives me the capability 
					to post truly close close-ups of the beads, so i will be 
					doing that from now on.


new photographic technique


a few months ago i bought a new camera 
					for the business.  unlike the first three cameras i 
					owned, the new camera is not a point-and-shoot camera with a 
					small sensor.  rather, it is a "mirrorless" camera with 
					a large sensor.  working with a large-sensor camera has 
					been an eye-opener.  the large size of the 
					sensor makes it somewhat harder to get my pictures in focus.  
					however, the large sensor doesn't require as much light to 
					take the photos, and the color reproduction is better.

for most of the time i've been in business, 
					i have photographed the beads in ambient daylight from a 
					window.  for reasons which i won't go into, my new 
					camera doesn't do very well using ambient daylight (some pictures 
					come out looking soft or fuzzy), so i've switched 
					to using lamps with daylight-balanced bulbs in them.  i 
					used lamps once before, but i used them in conjunction with 
					a cloth "light box" which was supposed to diffuse the lamp 
					light.  but the box didn't work very well, and all the 
					beads ended up with two bright spots on them (reflections of 
					the lamps shining through the cloth).  recently, 
					however, i discovered that 
					if i used the lamps without the light box, the spots 
					on the beads look much smaller, meaning that less of the 
					beads are obscured by light reflections.

discovering that two lamps is all i need to 
					take my photos has been a revelation.  what had been a 
					difficult and finicky process in front of a window has now 
					become a simple matter of turning on the lamps and snapping 
					away.  i can do it any time of the day (because i don't 
					have to wait for the sun to come out), and the pictures that 
					i am getting are the best that i have ever gotten.  it 
					is so much easier now to take photos that i find myself 
					doing it more often 

– and the 
					pictures look better than ever.

to give you an idea of the difference 
					between my new photographic technique (using lamps) and my 
					old one (using light from the window), here is a comparison 
					of two beads that are almost identical (the beads on 
					the right have more blue in them):





 




photographed 
								at the window
 
photographed 
								with lamps




the photograph on the left doesn't show the 
					colors well, and each bead has a large light reflection on it 
					from the window.  the photograph on the right shows the 
					colors better, and each bead has just two, small light 
					reflections from the lamps, so that more of the bead shows.  
					neither picture, in my opinion, is perfect, but the picture 
					on the right gives you a better idea of what the beads 
					actually look like


august, 2014

finally, new beads!


in late august, i finally started to post 
                  new beads, and i will continue to post new beads in september.

i have stopped indicating which beads are 
                  new and which are older styles that are being restocked.  
                  my shopping cart, as much as i love it, cannot automatically 
                  indicate which styles are new, and doing it manually was too 
                  much work.  if you go to the home page of my shopping 
                  cart and do not recognize the beads at the top, it means that 
                  they are probably new.


finally, a new camera!


for the last twelve years i have been using canon point-and-shoot cameras with small sensors to take my 
                  product photos.  the problems with these camera were 
                  legion:  the color accuracy was not good; i always had to 
                  have bright light to take photos; and the resolution (the number 
                  of pixels captured) was not high enough to have sharp crops.  
                  the poor color accuracy was particularly annoying.  aqua 
                  beads would come out looking blue; blue and red beads would be 
                  the wrong shade of blue or red; and yellow beads would look 
                  greenish or wouldn't have the color saturation that the actual 
                  beads had.

so i looked for a camera that has good 
                  color accuracy, and i found out something very interesting:  
                  camera manufacturers purposely make the colors inaccurate so 
                  that pictures taken outside will look more attractive!  
                  among other things, they design cameras so that aqua-colored skies 
                  will come out looking blue.  all the major manufacturers 
                  – canon, nikon, sony – do this.  however, i found a brand 
                  – samsung – where they do this to a lesser extent.  i 
                  found a samsung camera with good color accuracy and a large 
                  sensor which was at the end of its product cycle (meaning that 
                  it was cheap), and i bought that camera (the model number is 
                  nx1100).  the camera has a couple bugs in it, but the 
                  bugs only affect about one out of twenty photos, so i decided 
                  to keep it.  i have already started using it, and the 
                  colors in my photos are much more accurate.

the low-light capability of this camera is 
                  so good that i don't have to wait for sunny days to take my 
                  pictures.  in fact, i have discovered that i can take 
                  perfectly good pictures by using a lamp with a 
                  daylight-balanced bulb in it.  with my old camera, one 
                  bulb, no matter how bright, wasn't enough to take good 
                  pictures.  this means that i can take pictures at night, 
                  which will be a huge convenience for me.

so will you notice a difference?  
                  not likely.  the colors of the beads will be more 
                  accurate, but you won't notice that because you don't know 
                  what the colors should be.  also, i had become 
                  very good at pulling good pictures out of my old canon camera.  
                  overall, i think you'll find that the new pictures look 
                  slightly better, but the difference won't appear huge to you.

even so, i am delighted to have this new 
                  camera.  unlike a nikon camera that i purchased in the 
                  spring (and then returned), it has no annoying glitches.  
                  the way it operates is straight-forward and easy.  i am 
                  very pleased.


september, 2013

new payment procedure


for more 
                  than a decade i have used a payment service called paypal pro.  
                  in addition to paying 2.9% of every purchase to paypal, plus a 
                  30¢ transaction fee, i have also been 
                  paying $30 a month for the pro service.  i recently 
                  learned that paypal has a similar service called paypal 
                  advanced which has a monthly fee of only $5.  however, 
                  when i applied for the advanced service, i was declined.  
                  i have one unpaid debt on my credit record (long story), which 
                  is apparently why they declined me.  (having been a 
                  customer in good standing for 14 years, you would think that 
                  they would approve my application based on that alone.  
                  frankly, i don't know why paypal does credit checks at all, 
                  since they do not extend credit with any of these services.)  
                  after being declined, i decided that i really wanted to save 
                  that $30 a month, so i downgraded to their standard service.  
                  if and when i clear up my credit, i'll upgrade to the advanced 
                  service.

the standard service allows a customer to 
                  pay with either paypal or a credit or a debit card.  
                  however, the checkout process is confusing.  you will 
                  fill out your address on my site, and then you will be taken 
                  to the paypal site where you will see the screen below.  
                  if you are paying with a card, you must click the link 
                  indicated by the red arrow, and that will take you to a screen 
                  where you can fill in your credit-card details.  
                  furthermore, you cannot use your own paypal debit card to pay 
                  (they expect you to use your paypal account directly); and the 
                  address-verification process is more aggressive with paypal 
                  standard, so the address you type in must be absolutely 
                  correct.




july, 2013

shipping cost for large 
                  international orders is coming down


one year 
                  ago i changed my shipping policy for international customers 
                  so that they were paying the actual shipping cost (please see 
                  the july, 2012 entry below for the reasons).  then, in 
                  january, the u.s. postal service raised international postage 
                  rates by a whopping 40%.  my charge for shipping $200 
                  worth of beads to an international customer went from $20 to 
                  $27 overnight, and the cost of shipping $400 worth of beads 
                  increased to more than $60.  well, i recently learned 
                  about a little-known flat-rate box being offered by the postal 
                  service which holds more merchandise than the original small 
                  flat-rate box, and for the same amount of postage.  i can 
                  now ship up to $380 worth of beads (more if the beads are 
                  mostly small, and less if the beads are mostly large) for $29.  
                  that's quite an improvement over what i was charging before.


new shipping option:  
                  the padded flat-rate envelope


the postal 
                  service recently came out with a padded flat-rate envelope.  
                  instead of being made of paper with a bubble lining (as most 
                  bubble mailers are), it is entirely plastic.  the postage 
                  amount is only 45 cents more than a small flat-rate box, but 
                  it holds more beads.  since i am charging my u.s. 
                  customers a flat $3 for shipping, i will start to use this new 
                  envelope for orders which are too large to fit into the small 
                  flat-rate box.  previously i had to use my own boxes, and 
                  the postage was much higher.  (in other words, this new 
                  envelope will save me money, not you; but i still want you to 
                  know about it.)  i haven't used one of these new 
                  envelopes yet, but i estimate that i can get up to $400 worth 
                  of beads in one (a small flate-rate box will hold only about 
                  $250 worth).  the beads will have less protection than 
                  they have in a box; but then, i am already mailing all of my 
                  small orders in bubble mailers, so that's nothing new (beads 
                  aren't very breakable).  i will, of course, compensate 
                  any customer who receives broken beads.


january, 2013

international postal rates 
                  have gone up


as many of 
                  you may know, the u.s. postal service has been having 
                  financial problems.  this became very evident when, on 
                  january 27th, they increased the cost of a small priority 
                  international flat-rate box from $16.95 to $23.95.  that 
                  is an increase of $7.00, an astonishing amount!  that is 
                  the largest increase i have ever seen for any class of 
                  mail from one year to the next.  i assume they made this 
                  increase because the cost of flying mail to other countries is 
                  prohibitive.  if that's not the reason, i don't know what 
                  is.

previously 
                  i had been charging $19.00 to ship $100 worth of beads to 
                  other countries, and $20.00 to ship $200 worth of beads to 
                  other countries (the extra $2 and $3 covered insurance and 
                  other shipping costs).  if i continue to use flat-rate 
                  boxes, i'll have to increase those charges to $26.00 and 
                  $27.00, which is unacceptable.  fortunately, the cost of
                  first class mail to other countries (as opposed to 
                  priority mail) remains reasonable (although those prices have 
                  gone up too).  however, if i send packages by first class 
                  mail, i won't be 
                  able to use the priority boxes supplied by the post office.  
                  consequently, i have started using bubble mailers for 
                  shipments of $100 or less (which means that the beads won't be as well 
                  protected).  eventually i will buy my own boxes.

the new rates will be $18.00 for $100 worth of beads 
                  (approximately one pound) and $25.00 for $200 worth of beads 
                  (approximately two pounds).  the price for larger amounts 
                  will also go up.  i am sorry for the necessary increases.


september, 2012
i have 
                  applied for social security benefits;
                  what does that mean for the business?


i recently turned 62.  i knew 
                  that meant i was eligible for early social security retirement benefits.  i had heard that if i started collecting at age 62, my benefit 
                  rate would be lower, so i decided not to apply.  however, sales have not been good 
                  since the economic downturn started in 2008.  buying all 
                  the beads i want has been difficult, and paying my rent every 
                  month has been difficult.  a friend in the neighborhood 
                  convinced me that i should apply for benefits, so i did.

so what does it mean for the 
                  business?  fortunately, it means mostly good things.  
                  my monthly benefit check will cover my rent and my utilities, 
                  so i won't have to worry about my security any more.  the 
                  money that i would've spent on rent will now be spent on other 
                  things, including beads, so the number of products on my site 
                  will increase.  also, i'll be able to buy a better camera 
                  and make better pictures.  i may also, at the age of 62, 
                  finally learn how to drive.  this is an exciting time for 
                  me.

the only bad thing is that i 
                  probably won't hold as many sales.  in almost all cases, 
                  i held sales to raise my rent or pay off debts.  the need 
                  to raise money won't be so urgent now.  i'll still hold 
                  at least one sale a year, possibly two.  however, you can 
                  always get 10% off by buying $100 worth of beads, and 15% off 
                  by buying $200 worth of beads.

it's also possible that i won't be 
                  sending out so many mailings.  my monthly mailings (in 
                  which i announce new products) were always timed to my rental 
                  payments, but now i don't need to do that.  i may choose 
                  to simply post the new beads when i have the time, and let my 
                  customers find them whenever they decide to visit the site.

august, 2012
beads from 
                  the 1980's


in the 1980's i was a jewelry 
                  designer, just like my current customers are.  i started 
                  out designing in new york, and then i moved to providence, ri 
                  (where my mother lived), and i continued designing there.  
                  (so that makes two times that i moved to be close to my 
                  mother:  in the early 1980's and in 2007.  my mother 
                  wasn't particularly thrilled to have me around on either 
                  occasion.)  however, when i decided to move to arizona in 
                  the mid-1980's, i put all my beads in two boxes and stored 
                  them in my mother's attic.  well, i've just started going 
                  through those boxes.  what i found surprised me.  i 
                  have many more beads from that period than i thought i had, 
                  and i also have many completed necklaces that i never sold (i 
                  thought i sold them all, but i didn't).

i've decided that there is nothing 
                  for me to do but to sell off that old stock.  some beads 
                  i have in such a large quantity that i will post them on my 
                  site like any other bead.  those beads that i have in 
                  small quantities will be sold as mystery beads.  i will 
                  create a new category to sell my finished jewelry.

my beads from the 1980's are much 
                  more eclectic than the beads i am selling now.  i used 
                  semi-precious beads, glass beads, ceramic beads, and wood 
                  beads.  i also used seed beads, which i do not sell now.  
                  the ceramic beads were particularly nice.  they came in 
                  bags with little slips of paper in them that said "made in 
                  japan".  (i thought the japanese made only seed beads.)

anyway, if you would like to get 
                  some of these older beads, be sure to buy some lots of mystery 
                  beads.

july, 2012
restocking 
                  fee for beads returned after 30 days


on july 30th i received beads back 
                  from a customer, some of which were purchased 60 days prior, 
                  some of which were purchased in 2011, and some of which were 
                  purchased in 2010.  (at the time, my return policy had a limit of 
                  30 
                  days.)  because of the work involved in processing 
                  refunds (i must count all the beads that are returned), i have 
                  decided that it is not unreasonable for me to charge a 
                  restocking fee for returns over 30 days.  thus, for items 
                  returned between 31 and 90 days after shipping, i reserve the 
                  right to charge a restocking fee of 15%.  for items 
                  returned after 90 days, you will get only a scolding.  
                  (and you'll also have to send me money to get the beads 
                  shipped back to you.)  there will never be a restocking 
                  fee if you return beads within 30 days.

new 
                  shipping calculator; international
                  customers now pay actual shipping costs


there are extra expenses associated 
                  with international orders, and because of that i have altered 
                  my cart to charge international customers the actual cost of 
                  shipping.  at this time the shopping cart is not 
                  programmed perfectly, so there is a possibility that some 
                  customers will be over-charged.  if that happens, a 
                  refund will be issued.

the new shipping calculator has one 
                  little quirk:  you now must go part-way through the 
                  checkout process to see what your shipping cost will be.

an order weighing 8 oz. will cost 
                  $10 to ship ($6 for canadian customers).  an order 
                  weighing one pound will cost $19 to ship ($15 for canadian 
                  customers).  an order weighing two pounds will cost $20 
                  to ship ($16 for canadian customers).  however, starting 
                  at 3 pounds, the shipping cost really sky-rockets – that's 
                  because a larger and much more expensive flat-rate box is 
                  required.  for example, a 5-pound box will cost $60 to 
                  ship ($42 for canadian customers), and a 12-pound box will 
                  cost $80 to ship ($65 for canadian customers).  (a 
                  12-pound order will contain about $1,000 worth of beads.)

it grieves me to charge my customers 
                  so much, but the cost of international shipping has gone 
                  through the roof.  if i don't charge my international 
                  customers the actual cost of shipping, i will have to pay 
                  money out of my own pocket.

shipping to u.s. customers will 
                  remain at a flat $3.00.

june, 2012
duplicate 
                  payment problem fixed

in the last 
                  several months there have been about five instances when i 
                  received two payments for an order.  what usually happens 
                  is this:  as the last step in the order process, the 
                  customer clicks "confirm" to place her order, and my site then 
                  gets stuck on the "please wait" prompt.  the customer 
                  then clicks "confirm" one more time, and i end up receiving 
                  two payments.  for the order-confirmation page to appear, 
                  my site must hear back from the payment-processing site that 
                  the payment went through.  if it doesn't, then my site 
                  remains stuck on "please wait".  i have now installed a fix which will show the 
                  order-confirmation page even if there is a 
                  communication problem with the other site.  in the vast 
                  majority of cases, the payment will have gone through without a 
                  hitch.  you should receive an order-confirmation email 
                  from my site.  if you don't, 
                  please contact me.  (but before you do, check to make 
                  sure that the order-confirmation email didn't go into your spam 
                  folder.)

may, 2012
date format 
                  fixed

a customer complained to me 
                  about the european date format that my shopping cart was using 
                  (dd/mm/yy), and i told her that i couldn't change it because 
                  the shopping cart publisher was in england.  but then i 
                  investigated the matter, and found that it was changeable.  
                  the date format that you will see on the site and in your 
                  orders is now the american format:  mm/dd/yy or 
                  mm/dd/yyyy.

april, 2012
good night, 
                  sweet darling



shortly after 
                  moving, my darling cat tillie came down sick with end-stage 
                  renal disease and had to be put to sleep.  this was a 
                  sweet, dear, unassuming animal who didn't have a mean bone in 
                  her body, and i feel totally alone now.  she used to 
                  sleep in the boxes of beads during good times.  i am 
                  completely heart-broken.

price-per-bead won't be 
                  marked on baggies
for the last year 
                  or two i was marking the price-per-bead on at least some 
                  of the baggies of beads that i sent out.  my baggie 
                  labels say "___ cents per bead" at the bottom, and i 
                  was filling in the amount when i could calculate it quickly 
                  in my head.  however, the amount that i filled in wasn't 
                  usually accurate.  it didn't factor in discounts or the 
                  cost of shipping.  for this reason, i've decided to leave 
                  it blank.  i am going to let my customers decide what the 
                  beads cost them, and to fill in their own amount.

february, 2012
purebeads 
                  is moving

since purebeads 
                  is an online store, my physical location doesn't really matter 
                  to my customers.  however, sometime during march i will 
                  be closing the store while i move to another location (within 
                  a mile 
                  from my current location).  the store won't actually be 
                  closed; rather, i'll put up an announcement that orders can be 
                  placed but won't be filled until the move is over.
the benefit of 
                  moving just a short distance is that i can move in several 
                  short steps.  when i moved from nyc, i had to close up 
                  for a month, and my business never completely recovered from 
                  that.

august, 2011
fewer new 
                  bead postings

for quite a while 
                  now i have been posting 25-30 new bead styles per month, but i 
                  am going to have to cut back to 15-20 new styles per 
                  month.  since the economy tanked in late 2008, sales have 
                  been somewhat slow, and i don't always have the money to buy 
                  so many new beads.  in 2010 i received 
                  an inheritance that i put towards beads, but that has run out.  
                  even my suppliers don't post so many new bead styles, so i feel justified in making this change.  
                  15-20 new styles each month is 200 styles a year, which is 
                  pretty good.  old styles which i restock will be in 
                  additional to any new styles that i stock.
there is an 
                  additional reason why i am cutting back.  in order to 
                  post 30 new styles each month, i have to buy small quantities 
                  of many styles.  
                  from now on i am going to buy larger quantities of each style so 
                  that they won't run out as quickly.  thus, each bead 
                  style will be available for a longer time.  (that will be 
                  good news when the style is really nice, though not all 
                  of them are.)

international shipping 
                  rates have gone up
for all 
                  international customers, including canadians, i have had to 
                  raise my shipping rates.  (up until recently i was 
                  charging a promotional rate to canadians, but i cannot do that 
                  any longer.)  international orders cost me more money and 
                  time than u.s. orders do.  the credit-card fees are 
                  higher, and the shipping insurance is higher.  also, it 
                  takes me longer to pack the orders because a special label is 
                  required that has a customs form on it which takes time to 
                  fill out.  in addition, all international packages over 
                  13 oz. have to be brought dirctly to the post office, meaning 
                  that i can't just drop them in a mailbox.  for all these 
                  reasons, i've decided that i have to charge the actual cost of 
                  shipping to my international customers.
canadians will be 
                  charged a flat $12, and then i will refund the excess if the 
                  actual cost of shipping is less by a dollar or more.  to 
                  other international customers, i will charge a flat $19, and 
                  then i will refund the excess if the actual cost of shipping 
                  is less by a dollar or more.  for example, let's say that 
                  you place a very small order and pay $19 for shipping, but it 
                  costs me only $8 to ship your order, i will refund $8 to you.  
                  but if you place a large order which costs $18.50 to ship, 
                  there will be no refund.  canadian customers especially 
                  are likely to get refunds if their orders are not too big.  
                  if the cost of shipping exceeds $12 (for canadians) or $19 
                  (for other international customers), i will absorb the extra 
                  shipping cost.
please note that 
                  the amount of postage on the package does not represent the 
                  entire shipping cost.  to the postage amount i will add 
                  50¢ if your order is shipped in a bubble mailer, plus $1 to $3 
                  for private shipping insurance (depending on how big your 
                  order is).  thus, if the postage on your package says 
                  $8.50, the actual cost of shipping could be $10.00 or more.
(this entry was 
                  updated with new information in 2012.)


may, 2011
pictures 
                  may change slightly

in late may, my 
                  old crt monitor died, and i started using an lcd monitor.  
                  lcd monitors, generally, are brighter than crt monitors, and 
                  as a result, i find myself making the pictures a little darker 
                  than before.  also, to my eye, the pictures need less 
                  sharpening than they did before, so i am sharpening them a 
                  little less.  consequently, if you use a crt monitor, the 
                  new pictures may look a little darker and a little less crisp 
                  than the old pictures look.  however, the difference is 
                  small, and you may not notice anything.
switching to an 
                  lcd monitor also showed me that many of the pictures that 
                  looked great on my crt monitor look washed-out on the new 
                  monitor.  if you have an lcd monitor and feel that my pictures look washed out, the reason is that they were 
                  optimized for a crt monitor.


february, 2011
price 
                  reduced on 2mm x 4mm rondels

my pricing 
                  formulae have changed over the years, and as a consequence the 
                  prices of the 2mm x 4mm rondels are coming down.  they 
                  were always a little too expensive.  right now, most of 
                  them are priced at $3.00 per 100.  by the end of 
                  february, i will have reduced all of those to $2.80, and some 
                  of them to $2.60.  (whether they are priced at $2.60 or 
                  $2.80 depends on whether i had enough money to buy them in 
                  bulk the last time i ordered them.)  some of the more 
                  expensive colors, such as the metallic colors, will not be 
                  reduced.


january, 2011
everything 
                  is back to normal!

about 80% of the 
                  beads from the old shopping cart have been transferred to the 
                  new cart at 
                  www.purebeads.com/catalogue/.  the remaining old 
                  stock will be transferred during february and march.  
                  also, in january i posted new beads for the first time in 
                  several months.  new beads will no longer appear on their 
                  own "what's new" page.  rather, they will be posted on 
                  the home page of the new cart (that is where you can find this 
                  month's new beads).

reviews are gone
my new shopping 
                  cart had a review feature which allowed customers to post 
                  reviews of individual products.  however, in the many 
                  months that the new cart has been up and running, not one 
                  person posted a review.  i finally concluded that beads 
                  are not the kind of product that many people will want to 
                  review.  thus, i have turned off the review feature 
                  entirely.  if you have comments about a particular bead 
                  style that you want other people to see, let me know and i 
                  will put your comments in the description field.

wish lists not coming
i have decided 
                  not to upgrade to the new version of the shopping cart (at 
                  least, not yet), so i won't have the wish-list feature in my 
                  shopping cart any time soon.  sorry.












 

 












when writing, please put "beads" in the subject 
line.
 




 
payment methods accepted:



(money orders too)







 


    
    


 


cat and flower by
calej world
dancing frogs by graphic garden

contents of this site copyrighted 
© 2014; all rights 
reserved.
