








	wholesale baskets distributor, supplier of gift baskets and packaging, floral products, home decor items, scented brooms | willow group ltd; buffalo broom co.
































sunday, february 16





































homeabout us
photo gallerytestimonialsmeet the ownersmission statement
divisions
avery imports
catalogscatalog requestshop online
the buffalo broom co.
catalogscatalog requestshop online
skalny
catalogscatalog requestshop online
willow specialties
catalogscatalog requestshop online

newcatalogs
lamboo, ifi catalog & avery catalogsbuffalo broom co.skalnywillow specialtiescatalog request
trade showsinfo
bloghow to
product usesonline ordering

contact
employmentbecome a customer
faqs
general companycatalogproductplacing orderstermsonline ordering
terms & conditions
product compliances
shop online / login



















willow group, ltd. offers a wide variety of wholesale baskets, containers, packaging 
and display for the floral, garden center, gift, food service and home décor industries. 






























  home

 



 
 
  we are social!
  follow us for sneak peaks, 
  trade show updates,
  promotions, and more! 
             
save
save









 












 tweets by @willowgroupltd


































 



  








       willow group, ltd. is the parent company of willow specialties, avery imports, and skalny. this combination provides an extremely diversified product selection for your wholesale basket needs; packaging, floral, garden center, gift, food service, hotel and restaurant supply, home décor and display. our goal is to continuously strive to supply a quality product at a reasonable price with excellent service and expedient delivery. look for all three divisions together at many upcoming trade shows.  click here to view our trade show schedule for this year! the willow group, ltd. facility has 265,000 square feet of space to house our expanding lines and make our shipping and service even more expedient and efficient.  for more information about our companyclick here to watch this short video.  willow group ltd., 34 clinton street, batavia, ny 14020customerservice@willowgroupltd.comgoogle+           we offer a large array of products to meet any need. we are very excited about our new product introductions, and about the new directions each of the divisions will take us.  avery imports specializes in wholesale floral baskets, vases, and products to fill all your garden center needs.    skalny continues to be more fashion-oriented in wholesale display, gift, and home furnishings.    willow specialties maintains its strength in wholesale baskets best suited for gift and fruit packaging.     














home   |   about us   |   divisions     |   new   |   catalogs   |   trade shows   |   info   |   contact    |   faqs   |   terms & conditions   |   shop online / login













privacy statement
	                      |  terms of use


copyright © 2024 willow group, ltd.



                        

                          administrator login












