




strathmore's who's who





















user:

pass:










home
our members
member search
best of the millenium
biography of the year
biography of the month
vip members
professionals of the year
strathmore's honor roll
strathmore's top doctors
executives of the year
man of the month
woman of the month
featured biographies
hall of fame
strathmore's roundtable
strathmore's industry leaders
press releases
member bookstore

media
times square billboards
strathmore's online radio
strathmore's video

register
nominate

about
contact













register now
strathmore’s who’s who: historically a leading biographical publication listing thousands of successful individuals in the fields of medicine, business, education, the arts & sciences, research, healthcare, law, engineering, and government.





top doctor-plastic surgery 2024anke ott young m.d., ph.d.roundtable 2024elaine f. mcconkeyhonor roll spotlight 2024sylvia j. cocca 



pastor raymond brenner person of the yeardr. elana ashley gallery dr. elana ashleypreferred charitiesfather raymond brennertime with richard deane terrellwith richard deane terrell, phdal hanna day: august 15thpromoting housing justicea career of excellencea life of faith 



times square billboardtimes square billboardtimes square billboardtimes square billboardtimes square billboard 







dr. philip corcoranof johns hopkins best of the milleniumremembering terrance keenan, a true innovatorglobal industry achieverhonoring gilbert gordon for 2024 



american industry achieverhonoring flora sowell for 2024american industry achieverhonoring barry sankey for 2024international business leaderin biometrics: gonzalo goicochea 



strathmore's legendsrichard deane terrellstrathmore's legendslori bigelowstrathmore's legendsdr. gilbert gordonstrathmore's legendshenry e. halladaystrathmore's legendsnathan m. jonesstrathmore's legendsc l walesstrathmore's legendslarry g. stritestrathmore's legendsjerry brownlifetime achievementin electrical engineering: henry e. halladay 



the best of 2024audio services: jerry brownthe best of 2024healthcare & it solutions: shelley l. johnsonthe best of 2024healthcare advocacy: sandra lynn mallo adcockwoman of the year 2024lori bigelowwoman of the year 2024isyjean p. korenekman of the year 2024henry e. halladaywoman of the year 2024sandy hennumwoman of the year 2024sandy hennumin memoriammary manning 



author of the year 2024nathan m. jonesmentor of the yearlori bigelowpoet laureate of 2024jane penelope johnson 



financial leader of the yeargene t. offredia nuclear power industry legendeldon j. brunneracademic trailblazergilbert gordon 



lifetime vip memberbernard g. d'andrealifetime vip membergilbert gordonlifetime vip membersandy hennumlifetime vip memberwilho f. saarilifetime vip memberjudy sain kirkpatricklifetime vip membereldon j. brunnerlifetime vip membercarlos j. coelifetime vip membersandy hennumlifetime vip membermichael s. stachowskilifetime vip memberdonald w. austinlifetime vip memberhal sanders




 
professionals of the yeardonna m. andersontina l. morellijohn a. coffielmiguel a. barriosmichael k. lindsey






  



web development
			by valve media
		

			© 1992-2025 strathmore's who's who
/ news
/ disclaimer
/ contact









