























welcome - uc postharvest research and extension center











      skip to main content
    






menu


postharvest research and extension center





















postharvest research and extension center

a research and information center



englishespañolfrançaisعربي (arabic)









open search




search












    quick links
    +




produce fact sheets


ask the produce experts


publications


our workshops


our bookstore


postharvest yellow pages


fruit physiological disorders









main navigation (extended config)



home




          produce info & fact sheets





produce facts sheets


storage recommendations


fruit physiological disorders





workshops and free courses




          postharvest resources





ask the produce experts


publications


bookstore





video library




          about the prec





people


center activities


contact us


newsletter signup and archive





other centers









































 




produce fact sheets









 




newsletter signup and archive









 




ask the produce experts









 




fruit disorders









 




publications









 




bookstore

















vision 
the uc postharvest research and extension center strives to be the leader in developing and delivering innovative and impactful postharvest solutions. our primary focus is to provide the produce industry with unbiased, science-based, and practical knowledge on technology, emerging research, and resources in postharvest. by conducting research, providing training, and offering extension services on postharvest resources and strategies, we support higher competitiveness, profitability, equity, and sustainability of the produce distribution chain. 








                mission
      
uc postharvest research and extension center provides science-based information to the produce industry to reduce food losses and improve the quality and safety of horticultural products.



                vision
      
the uc postharvest research and extension center strives to be the leader in developing, validating, and delivering innovative and impactful postharvest solutions. our primary focus is to provide the produce industry with unbiased, science-based, and practical knowledge on technology, emerging research, and resources in postharvest. by conducting research, providing training, and offering extension services, we support higher competitiveness, profitability, equity, and sustainability of the produce supply chain.



                our goals are to:
      

be a leading source of research-based information on the postharvest quality, engineering, safety, and marketability of horticultural products through the produce distribution chain.
effectively communicate information and knowledge on postharvest solutions that enhance the quality, safety, storability, and marketability of horticultural products.
catalyze national and international innovation and collaboration among the postharvest center members, industry, government, and other academic institutions.
provide relevant information to local, national, and international growers, shippers, marketers, carriers, distributors, retailers, processors, and consumers of horticultural products through impactful postharvest research and extension programs.




are you among the >460 new followers of our new linkedin professional page? if so, thank you! after a decade on linkedin, the center now boasts over 4,000 followers on its personal profile page! our growth has inspired us to launch a new professional page, which we hope will surpass and replace our personal one. both pages will coexist for now until we can merge them, but please do follow our new linkedin professional page today!










 





subscribe to our newsletter!
* indicates required
email address *first name *last name *affiliation *industryacademiagovernmentnon-governmental organization (ngo)other

























 



 
dept. of plant sciences, mail stop 2
university of california, davis
one shields avenue
davis, ca 95616
telephone: (530) 752‐6941; fax: (530) 754‐4326
email: postharvest@ucdavis.edu
 




postharvest site links


division of agriculture and natural resources


ucanr accessibility statement


get pdf reader






























university of california, davis, one shields avenue, davis, ca 95616 | 530-752-1011

questions or comments? privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap last update: february 22, 2024 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.











