






el centro inc.





































































facebook




twitter


contact us
volunteer
donate
 






 
 
 










home
education

academy for children

dual-language preschool education
academy for children teaching staff
academy for children calendar
to enroll




community health

health navigation

mental health resources


promotoras de salud
covid-19
voces de medicaid/inscribase


economic empowerment

financial literacy
tax assistance
itin assistance


advocacy

daca clinics
citizenship assistance
know your rights
voter registration and engagement
ni uno más


about us

news
theory of change and strategic plan
board of directors
staff
locations
funding partners
jobs at el centro
agency documents


 





select page


  
 



 



 












bienvenidos.
we are very happy that you are here and we are ready
to help. we are all a part of the community but here,
we are all family.
 
learn more about what we do







 



ways to help
you can make a difference
 
 
 


contribute your time
volunteering with el centro is a fulfilling way to give back. 
 
volunteer

 

make a donation
ninety cents of every dollar goes to our school, programs and services. 
 
donate

 

stay connected
receive email alerts for el centro news, events and job postings.
 
sign up

 
 
 





 
 
 







at el centro, we are building an educated, healthy, financially empowered and engaged latino community.
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



what we do
our services
 
 
 





pre-school to 6th grade education
helping latino children develop a strong foundation for life-long learning.

 
 
 




community health
enabling latinos to lead healthier lives through community health care and health literacy resources.

 
 
 
 





economic empowerment
helping latinos experience increased knowledge and wealth by building financial assets & effectively managing their financial resources.

 
 
 




advocacy
latinos affect positive change in our communities by becoming informed, civically engaged, and participating in elections & policy initiatives.

 
 
 
 
 



we need volunteerssupport our programs by lending a helping hand! volunteer today!
volunteer

 

$45 for 45thcelebrate 45 years with el centro! contribute now to our $45 for 45th campaign.
donate now

 
 
 



latest news
 
 
 






 
fortaleciendo nuestro  futuro
this year has been a testament to the incredible power of community and the unwavering dedication of our team. together, we’ve navigated challenges and celebrated triumphs, proving that even in the face of adversity, hope and determination can lead the way. from...

 

 
poder en salud (power in health)
as the pandemic unfolded back in 2020, we saw how the lack of information about covid-19 in spanish impacted our latino communities. updates were slow and confusing. there was also a lot of misinformation coming out, that made it more difficult to know how to best...

 

 
lessons learned from the community voices for medicaid initiative
since 2019, el centro has been a proud grantee partner of community catalyst in their community voices for medicaid initiative the initiative sought out how to increase education about the medicaid program and elevate the voices of those most impacted by it, at the...

 


 

 
 

 


 

subscribe to our newsletter
stay informed about events and services in our community.





success!



email





subscribe










followfollow
 
 
 
 
 





 



 



 
 
  


 
 
 




find usrichard a. ruiz administrative and services
building 
650 minnesota avenue 
kansas city, ks 66101
 
olathe office 
201 e. loula, suite #110 
olathe, ks, 66061
 
academy for children
1340 s 30th st
kansas city, ks 66106

phone: 913.677.0100 | fax: 913.362.8513
      
 





facebook




twitter


©  2025 el centro inc. all rights reserved.  

 
 
 
























