



zoomontana – billings, montana










































      donate today!
    


toggle navigation






animals


visit


events


education


zooschool


membership


news


about


get involved


botanical garden


store


support






 zoocams


home


animals


visit


events


education


zooschool


membership


news


about


get involved


botanical garden


contact


store


support


donate


 search









contact
 zoocams







welcome to zoomontanatake a walk on the wild siderated a top 10 zoo in the countryhours:winter hours:every day: 10:00am - 2:00pmguests are permitted to stay on grounds one hour after closing. *open every day except thanksgiving, christmas, new year's and easter day.  inclement weather and special events may also alter operational hours. important notesthe zoo's newest bear cubs will be rotated with our adult male, ozzy, onto the habitat throughout the day. their times on habitat will vary each day as the seasons change.the information you needadmission informationbecome a membersupport zoomontanaeducational programmingrent our spacewebstoreadopt an animalget involvedour gardens and arboretumabout usupcoming events at zoomontanathere are currently no upcoming events.  but do note, the zoo is open year-round!slide to meet the animals!
giant african millipede
our millipede colony is made up of all girls and they are all educational ambassadors.   click here to learn more!

green and black poison dart frogs
our nine dart frogs to the zoo in 2021 and 2023. click here to learn more!

alpaca
our two male alpaca, trotter and kramer were donated to the zoo. click here to learn more!

bison
our father and son duo have lived at the zoo together over the last 3 years and have their own interesting backgrounds. click here to learn more!

american badger
uki was donated to zoomontana after she was raised by a rehabilitation center due to being orphaned. click here to learn more!

bald eagle
our eagles, emelio and tokata came to us from a treatment center after being treated for wing injuries. click here to learn more!

california kingsnake
taco was a pet surrender that came to the zoo in 2018 and is an educational ambassador. click here to learn more!

amur tiger
our two tigers, sofi and jasime came from a roadside attraction in florida in 2014. click here to learn more! 

american mink
ivy came to us from a private fur farm in 2015. click here to learn more! 

flemish giant rabbit
walter came to zoomontana in 2020 and is an educational ambassador. click here to learn more!

golden eagle
oro came to zoomontana as a juvenile after being rehabilitated. click here to learn more!

domestic chicken
our flock of different species was donated to the zoo. click here to learn more! 

hoffman's two toed sloth
winston came to zoomontana in 2020 from another facility in michigan. click here to learn more!

madagascar day gecko
jane was donated to the zoo in 2013, from draper, utah. click here to learn more!

koi
our koi pond is home to 70 different individuals. click here to learn more!

north american porcupine
one of our porcupines comes from north dakota and another was raised here at the zoo as a young porcupette. click here to learn more!

north american river otter
two of our otters came from a fishery in louisiana and the third was born right here at the zoo. click here to learn more!

sichuan takin
our brother takin were reunited here after coming from the pueblo zoo. click here to learn more! 

red-tailed hawk
amarillo came from the wildlife center of montana after being injured. click here to learn more!

red panda
all our red pandas are a part of the species survival plan. click here to learn more!

turkey vulture
gomez was donated to the zoo from the montana raptor center after being injured in the wild. click here to learn more!

white's tree frog
yoda and leia came to live at the zoo in 2020 and 2022 and are educational ambassadors. click here to learn more!

tiger salamander
simon and sally came to the zoo in 2019 and are educational ambassadors. click here to learn more!

wolverine
all our wolverines are a part of the species survival plan. click here to learn more!

chilean rose haired tarantula
taboo our tarantula was donated to the zoo in 2015. click here to learn more!

chinchilla
our chinchillas minnie and daisy were donated to the zoo in 2019 from a private individual. click here to learn more!

blue death-feigning beetle
our colony came to us in 2023 and our educational ambassadors. click here to learn more!

common garter snake
ginger came to the zoo as a rehabilitation patient in late 2022 and is an educational ambassador. click here to learn more! 

eastern indigo snake
montoya came to zoomontana in october of 2024 from the north carolina zoo. click here to learn more!

barn owl
athena came to zoomontana in 2024 has a hatchling and is now an educational ambassador. click here to learn more!

canada lynx
fierca came as a pet surrender in 2011 when she was just a few months old. click here to learn more!

domestic rabbit
charlotte was born here on grounds and has developed quite a personality. click here to learn more!

greenbottle blue tarantula
bluey came to live at the zoo in march of 2021. click here to learn more!

bearded dragon
moana was donated to the zoo in 2020 and is an educational ambassador. click here to learn more!

grizzly bear
all our grizzly bears have come from parks with similar backgrounds. click here to learn more!

boer goat
our boer goats came to zoomontana in june of 2021 after being donated. click here to learn more!

miniature donkeys
two of our donkeys came from a private ranch and the third was born right here at the zoo. click here to learn more!

prehensile tailed skink
gizmo came to the zoo in 2021 and is an educational ambassador.  click here to learn more!

north american racer
indy was found on the ground and is now an educational ambassador. click here to learn more!

red island bird eating tarantula
bingo came to zoomontana in march of 2021. click here to learn more!

western hognose snake
wilbur came to the zoo in 2021 and is an educational ambassador. click here to learn more!

striped skunk
our brother skunks came to live here at the zoo after they became orphans. click here to learn more!

grey wolf
our pack of wolves came to the zoo throughout 2020 with very interesting backgrounds. click here to learn more!

ball python
hana came to us from a humane society in 2023 and is an educational ambassador. click here to learn more!

colombian red-tailed boa constrictor
leroy was a pet surrender that came to the zoo in 2018. click here to learn more!

eastern screech owl
scout came to the zoo as a rehabilitation patient in late 2020. click here to learn more!

cane toad
cheech was a pet surrender and was brought to zoomontana in 2016. click here to learn more!

leopard gecko
steve or stevie was a pet surrender that came to zoomontana in july of 2015. click here to learn more!

nigerian dwarf goat
two of our goats were donated to the zoo by our zooschool instructor. click here to learn more!

three toed box turtle
rocket and roxy came from a private individual in 1999 and are educational ambassadors. click here to learn more!

three banded armadillo
dahlia came to zoomontana in late 2022. click here to learn more!

laughing kookaburra
sydney came to the zoo from a facility in georgia. click here to learn more!

madagascar hissing cockroaches
our cockroach colony is made up of over 50 individuals. click here to learn more!
slide to meet the humans
 sam randak
my name is sam randak and i have lived in billings since i was three. although i have always loved animals, interning at zmt never occurred to me until i was going to college in bozeman at msu. 

abigael conn 
i have been with zoomontana since february of 2023. before i came to zoomontana, i interned at lincoln children’s zoo in lincoln, ne, where i was able to work with a wide variety of animals! 

alanna dassoff
hey there! my name is alanna and i am the ambassador animal lead here at zoomontana. 

allison burr
allison started working at zoomontana in the spring of 2024 as the barn keeper, but  was actually a volunteer here first! 

allyson dredla
allyson has been at zoomontana since 2017 and came to us from the san diego zoo. she is a graduate of america's teaching zoo, moorpark college. 

ash borden
hi! my name is ash borden and i am a guest experiences attendant and birthday party extraordinaire at the zoo.

brooke tucker
hello! i am the education director & social media coordinator here at the zoo. after graduating college in 2021, i was hired on as a seasonal educator and was lucky enough to be able to shift into ful...

dani ford
dani ford is an educator here at zoomontana. in april 2024, she graduated from rocky mountain college with a bachelor of science in environmental science and geography (double major). 

dave powell
david powell is a retired army colonel with 28 years experience at increasing levels of responsibility and authority from platoon-level to department of the army to include support to presidential com...

gerry fagan - board
gerry is an attorney with moulton bellingham in billings.  his primary practice area is civil litigation, with an emphasis on products liability, personal injury defense, bad faith insurance claims, m...

holly cremer - board
holly is the commercial insurance team lead for the state of montana at leavitt great west.

jeff ewelt
i have been involved with animals for over twenty five years, and have been the director of zoomontana for over half of those years.

jessica hart
jessica received her bachelor of science in community health from montana state in 2012. 

joe cook - board
joe earned his law degree from the university of montana school of law in 2009.  he served as president of the rural advocacy league student group, was selected as co-lead counsel on the american asso...

ken haak
my name is ken haak and i have been a groundskeeper and backup event person for the zoo for years.

krystal whetham
krystal has been at the zoo since 2002 and works primarily within our north america area, creating quite a bond with our grizzly bears.

loran salsbury
i started at zoo montana as a volunteer and really enjoyed working with the animals and at the events. i now work for the zoo in the events department, but i still do volunteer work with the animals. 

luke goodwin
luke loves the zoo for one simple reason -  he can watch and interact with animals. 

marissa borden
marissa has always wanted to work with animals.  now she is very excited to work in a place where she is constantly surrounded by them. 

melissa roman
i began my career working with and for animals in 2007 focusing primarily on the care of exotic felines.  over the years i had the opportunity to branch out and work with everything from madagascar hi...

pete bolenbaugh
as a billings native, pete and his wife are happy to be raising their two kids around so many family and friends. 

shelli mann - board
shelli mann has worked in the hotel industry for over thirty years, the last 20 managing the boothill inn in billings, montana.

travis goebel
after graduating from college in 2001, i moved to montana for an internship with zoomontana. it has been a pleasure to be part of our zoo’s history for almost 25 years.

wendy chavez
wendy chavez came to billings by way of her love of animals. wendy is excited to be part of the zoomontana team because of the zoo’s focus and commitment to animal rescue and conservation. 
zoomontana is aza accreditedto be accredited, zoomontana underwent a thorough review to make certain it has, and will continue to, meet ever-rising standards in categories which include animal care and welfare, veterinary programs, conservation, education, and safety. aza requires zoos and aquariums to successfully complete this rigorous accreditation process every five years in order to be members of the association.our partners




home


animals


visit


events


education


membership


news


contact


about


support


store


get involved




  ©  zoomontana




















