  towson presbyterian church | home                   



       
skip to content




new here?


login


give






aboutbeliefsmissionleadershipgrowchildrenyouthadultsfamiliesworshipsunday servicesmusic ministrybulletinservehungerearth carepeacemakinghondurasexplorejob openingsmedia archivecalendar & eventsbeetree preserveforms and resourcestowson presbyterian preschoolcontact



inclusive.  curious.  compassionate.  courageous.we are an inclusive community of faith, striving to grow as disciples of jesus christ.
sunday worship at 10:00amall are welcome to join us in-person or virtually.

learn more

sunday serviceswe gather for worship every sunday at 10:00am in-person and virtually. our services are traditional and dynamic, incorporating choir and organ music, prayer and reflection, a brief sermon and scripture reading.

what to expect


about us.towson presbyterian church strives to grow disciples of jesus christ. we are a fully inclusive community, welcoming all to come and practice their faith alongside others without judgement.

learn more


our valuesat tpc, these core values inspire every program, event, and worship service.
inclusionwe are a fully inclusive & affirming community, welcoming all to come & practice faith, worship, & fellowship.
curiousitywe embrace the mystery of faith, ask tough questions, wrestle with scripture, & explore god's love with wonder.
compassionwe seek to live out the gospel in the world, learning new & tangible ways of caring better for others & nature.
couragewe recognize that following god requires discipline, hope, & courage, & is not a journey to be embarked on alone.follow usfollow along by connecting with tpc on facebook or instagram.

🌟 christmas 2024 at tpc 🌟


 


our stage backdrop for the christmas eve children'


 


advent 2024 at tpc


 


have you heard about tpc's new church management t


 


our women's group met last friday evening for a po


 

subscribesign up to receive our weekly enewsletter and stay up-to-date with tpc.

sign me up!
newsletter signupnewsletter






name
*

first
last name


last
email
*

for parents: in addition to the regular friday enews, would you like to subscribe to family-specific email updates too?
 
 yes, sign me up for bothsubmit


if you are human, leave this field blank.				

  quick linkscalendarsunday bulletinbeetree preservetowson presbyterian preschoolcareerslocationtowson presbyterian church400 west chesapeake avenuetowson, md 21204contactchurchoffice@towsonpres.org410-823-6500














©2025 towson presbyterian church. all rights reserved.             




