









pediatric neurology | rami grossmann, md







































































































call us: (516) 572-0123
español
english


 
 


skip to content








our physician
patient info
contact us
resources
patient education
 




 


child neurology  rami grossmann, md

the pediatric neurology practice of rami grossmann, m.d., a board-certified neurologist in new york.
patient education:
ad/hd, asd, headaches, tics, seizures
 
 
 
 
 
 








  
appointments
appointments are available in our main office in meadow, new york. evening times are available. same or next day appointments are available, if required.



					request appointment   
 

 



  
ask the doctor
do you have a question for dr. grossmann? active patients can use our secure online form to ask our doctor questions.



					ask the doctor   
 

 



  
medication refills
need a medication refilled? our hipaa-compliant medication refill form lets you request a refill for your medication online.



					request a refill   
 

 



  
questionnaires
access and print our ad/hd symptom questionnaires and asd assessment scale/screening questionnaires.



					download forms   
 

 












 

about us
childbrain.com is the child neurology website of dr. rami grossmann’s pediatric neurology practice. rami grossmann md is a board certified pediatric neurologist, highly trained and vastly experienced, in the treatment of neurological and brain disorders. these include ad/hd, autism, epilepsy, including severe refractory epileptic seizures, headaches, concussions, tic disorders, developmental disabilities and many other neurological problems.

					meet our physician   
 

 





 

patient education
dr. rami grossmann combines extensive experience, compassion, and the latest technology in addressing your child’s neurological concerns and treats each patient and their families as partners in the management of their neurological care. patient and family education is central to his practice.

					learn more   
 

 





 

support resources
check out our support resources page for a list of local and national organizations that can help you locate recreational and educational options for children with special needs as well as camps for special needs children in the new york area and beyond.

					get support   
 

 








find us 

child neurology, dr. rami grossmann

											2201 hempstead turnpike east
																					meadow, ny 11554
tel: 516.572.0123

						map   

 

quick linksour physician
patient info
contact us
resources
patient education

 
 






 © 2025 childbrain.com   |  legal notice  |  general website disclaimer 









