




humanhand.com - palmistry, cheirology, and other handy stuff



























humanhand.com













 
















:: home






:: about us





:: ask a question





:: handy introduction





:: handy how-to guide





:: palmistry secrets





:: articles & reviews





:: ebooks





:: certification course





:: private readings





:: corporate events





:: list of palm readers





:: handy links






 






:: simian line forum







:: human hand mobile







:: palmistry profiles






:: 18 palms website






 





on the other hand...







i've been fascinated by the human hands since childhood (due to the fact that my father has none).  some of my favorite subjects include palmistry, interpreting hand movements and gestures, fingerprints, and using internal energy such as with healing hands and burning palm.



















 






subscribe to the humanhand.com newsletter






  email: 



visit this group








professional palm reading for events in vancouver (british columbia, canada) and teaching palmistry online since 1998.
party entertainment - lectures - private readings - courses


i've been studying the human hands for 30 years, and provide palmistry and other hand-related services for both groups and individuals.


palm reading / hand analysis:

palm reading at parties and corporate events
private hand analysis
holistic cheirology™ certification course

meditation / martial arts:  (currently not accepting new students)

stress management, tai chi, and meditation - (private training and group lectures)
martial arts and self defense instruction
certified instruction in "handy" disciplines such as burning palm, fire palm, and iron palm



feel free to browse around, and contact me when you would like a price quote for your event.




kenneth lagerstrom
red phoenix productions
burnaby, bc, canada
email: ken@humanhand.com
telephone: 1-604-298-4770
hours:
by appointment only






humanhand.com website - all about the human hands:
learn palmistry guide - online certification course - read articles and reviews - ask a question - free palm readings - fingers and knuckles - myths - scams
humanhand.com has been online since 1998, providing information and answering questions about the human hands.  all content is original material written by kenneth lagerstrom, except where otherwise specified.

health and alternative medicine articles:
heart disease - diabetes - osteoporosis - common fingernail problems - healing hands
a popular topic here has always been alternative medicine, and how the hands might indicate certain health conditions.  please feel free to suggest new articles on specific topics.






















web



www.humanhand.com














↑ grab this headline animator



latest news at humanhand.com:

we now have a facebook fan page.  'like' this page to be notified of new information and discounts not posted elsewhere.
the humanhand.com newsletter has now being formatted as a google group.  even if you were already subscribed, you will need to join the group to continue receiving further newsletters.
website updates are still underway - the directory of professionals and profiles will be the next pages updated.

privacy, etc.:
i do not collect, sell, rent, or transfer personal information or email addresses. read my privacy policy.
the material presented here is for your information and/or entertainment purposes only.  i can accept no liability for your use, abuse, or mis-use this information, nor am i responsible for content that might be provided by other websites linked to.

top of page


home - about/contact - ask a question - introduction - layman's guide - handy secrets - articles & reviews - ebooks - holistic cheirology™ - private readings - corporate events - directory of professionals - handy links - web awards
 - advertisers - privacy - in the news - sitemap
articles: baby sign language - dispensation of dermatoglyphic whorls - finger and knuckle names - fingernail problems - the forer effect - free palm readings - hand transplant options - healing hands - how to find a qualified palm reader - making fingerprints - palmistry myths - the phoenix logo
 - palmtherapy - simian line - more....







 


© copyright 1998-2011 red phoenix productions. all rights reserved. written by kenneth a. lagerstrom





