






fixit | keeping it simple



























020 7126 7000
help@fixit.co.uk















home
about
services
testimonials
rates
contact
 


select page


  
 
 











trusted it support











fixit provides professional, personal and highly discreet it support and advice, to individuals and small businesses, across south west london.










"david combines first-class technical support with a warm, friendly and approachable manner. no request goes unheeded."p.t. – ceo, leading uk foundation








"david is very professional, well-mannered and presents incredibly well. he is absolutely 'gold standard' in it resolution."sheriden jones – chicken on the run (hk/uk)








"david has amazing patience and understanding, and an absolutely photographic memory for the workings of his client's systems."richard adams








"david is our secret weapon. he is an absolute gem and a gentleman, expertly and resolutely resolving any it issues we throw at him."amanda henricks








"one of the best decisions we ever took. professional, timely, committed and personable. i couldn't recommend enough!"irene – coo, international bakery chain








"david is highly capable, extremely knowledgeable in his field of expertise, and also a forward-thinking problem solver."seig de vater – ceo, the ton and debrecks marketing








"david is extremely knowledgeable and professional. he also has the patience of a saint. i am delighted to recommend his services."george hamilton








"david is punctual, impeccably polite, as well as being very efficient, dedicated and discreet. i have no hesitation in recommending him."timothy ashurst








"david is a knowledgeable, reliable and trustworthy resource, and a pleasure to deal with. i am very glad to recommend his services."gd morrison








"david was recommended to me years ago and has been invaluable ever since. i have not hesitated to give his details to friends."geoffrey hugall








"david patiently and efficiently resolved the many different questions and problems that arise. i strongly recommend the experience!”john simpson








"david was incredibly patient, and at no point did i feel embarrassed or shy. i can’t recommend david highly enough."mark crosthwaite-eyre








"david has been very efficient and professional in dealing with the it issues in our company."claude l’heveder – ceo, minerva capital partners ltd










since 2001, we have helped hundreds of clients, including ftse 100 ceos, mps, consultants and international companies (along with royalty and film stars, shhh!)
the world of computers, technology and the internet can seem like a foreign language to many people, so we combine patience and a dedication to solving any issue, with honest, impartial, plain english help.
we pride ourselves in being able to provide and service the very latest and best technologies and solutions, while upholding traditional values and methods.
we keep it simple.
you may wish to learn more about:










who we are








what we do






|

what clients say








our charges





 








© 2001 - 2025 fixit. all rights reserved. 






















