


construction recruiters







 










    
    your browser does not support the video tag.
  






 +1 (617) 216-3666
            



 info@construction-recruiters.com
            
















construction recruiters




home




client testimony


about us


contact us








building the companies that build boston
thinking of changing jobs but don’t have time to get the ball rolling ? 
          are you tired of sending emails and texts with no reply ? 
          we can help. 
          we offer a wide range of full-time construction jobs available in the boston and new england area.




 







jobs - grow your career






hiring - grow your team






semi-retired candidates






no resume, no problem





















































































































































we love construction

formed in 1998 by colm allen, 
        himself experienced in marine-going engineering (british petroleum london uk) and 
        aviation engineering (qantas sydney australia) we get construction. 
        allen spent 7 years building and developing in johannesburg south africa and 
        over a decade in the gc world of boston. we interview candidates with focused 
        construction based questions based on various 1 through 16 division experience. 
        we ask to see examples of projects in software i.e. procore, ms project, etc. 
        we want examples of bid packages, submittals, daily logs. 
        in short, we ask construction professionals tough construction questions










repeat clients %  



average salary



years in business



successfull placement %








client faq


candidate faq






how can we help?
we’re always happy to chat about what we do, why, and how. 
get in touch with us and start the conversation. we’d love to hear from you.


+1 (617) 216-3666 | info@construction-recruiters.com



 












give us a call: 
              +1 (617) 216-3666
            








send us a mail: 
              info@construction-recruiters.com
            








come visit us: 
              directions to 
              our location






construction recruiters

        at construction recruiters, inc. 
        it’s our mission is to provide our clients with top talent while assisting candidates to realize their full potential. 
        we do this by fostering honest, profitable 
        […]










contact us

+1 (617) 216-3666
info@construction-recruiters.com




why work with us

        founded in 1999, our goal has always been to introduce candidates to great construction jobs 
        while helping our clients to hire top talent. our team has a combined 35+ years of
        







copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved - construction recruiters inc.


 













 


