















	professional stage & entertainment equipment | terralec






















 










 sales@terralec.com
 01702 547571








home
login


contact usdelivery & returnsinstall & servicestore & demotechnical guides







basket: 0 items @ £0


 £0




wish list: 
       0 items @ £0.00













toggle navigation







audio
audio amplifiersaudio mixersaudio processingaudio systemsceiling speakersdi boxes and phantom powerheadphones & accessoriesin-ear monitoringmedia playersmegaphonesmicrophonesportable pa systemsradio micsspeaker cabinetsspeaker partsstudio equipmentwireless intercom systems
cables & connectors
audio cableaudio connectorsaudio leadsav connectors and cablescable rampscable testers and accessoriesconnector panelsdata cables & pc connectorsdmx leads & cableguitar pedalspower cablepower connectorspower distribution power leadsspeaker leads 
effects
bubble machinesconfetti cannonsflame effectsfluidsfog & haze machinessnow machineswind machines 
flight cases & bags
flight casesinstrument bags and casesmixer flight casespadded bags and coversrack cabinets and drawsstorage boxestrolleys & skates
hardware & accessories
19" panel kit19" panelsacoustic soundproofingadhesive tapebatteries, tools and misc hardwarecabinet covering & liningcasters & wheelscatchescorners & bracescabinet feetflightcase extrusionsflightcase fixingsflight case and speaker handleshealth and safetycase hinges & stayslighting hardwarescenery fixings speaker grilles and connector platesspeaker hardwareproduct brackets & accessories
lighting
gels & filterslampslasersled disco lightingled gobo projectorsled strip and tape lightingled uplighterslighting controlmirror balls & pinspotsmoving headsoutdoor lightingrope lights & accessoriesstage lightingstar cloths led strobestv studio lightinguv lightingvideo panelswired lighting barswork lights
stands stage & truss
aluminium tubesclamps and accessoriesstage & theatre curtainsdj booths and accessoriesdrape suspension systemdrink holders & stand accessoriesinstrument standslaptop,phone and tablet standslighting standsmic stands & clipsmusic standspipes and clamps projector screensrope barriers and walkwaysspeaker standsstage systemsstage curtain trackstudio rail & pantographstrussingtv and projector brackets
sale










slider





































lighting





stage lighting
effects lighting




lighting control
all lighting









audio equipment





radio mics
audio systems




audio amplifiers
all audio









cases & bags





flight cases
padded bags & covers




mixer & cd cases
all cases









effects





fog & haze machines
effects fluids




bubble machines
all effects









cables & connectors





audio leads
dmx leads & cable




audio connectors
all cables & connectors









stands





lighting stands
trussing




clamps & accesories
all stands










best sellers















dmx lead 3 pin xlr male to female black body various lengths


code: dmx0-



click for stock info





from £3.70

 add











theatre stage blackout cloth - 3 metre width


code: blackout



  in stock





£18.95

 add











microphone cable, low noise, flexible, 50m roll, red, blue, black or purple


code: cwm50



click for stock info





from £32.00

 add











black serge drape for backdrops


code: bsd



click for stock info





from £47.00

 add








new in















portable bubble machine with lithium battery


code: bubbletrongo



2 in stock





£155.00

 add











short tripod speaker stand adjustable height of 700-970mm 35mm fitting in black


code: cls-222



  in stock





£19.85

 add











double decker led effect light 24 x 10w rgbwauv leds ir remote or dmx control


code: decker



expected soon





£158.40

 add











asteroid led effect light 5 x 40w rgbw leds with dmx


code: asteroid



  in stock





£299.00

 add








a bit about us








terralec was established back in 1989, and have since gained a reputation as reliable low cost supplier for the stage and entertainment industry, who offer excellent after care service.   our portfolio of customers include schools, theaters, drama groups, entertainment venues, rental & exhibition companies, musicians, mobile dj's and much more! with a large range of products stocked here in the uk, we are well equipped to deliver a range of audio and lighting solutions quickly and efficiently, and all at a competitive price. 



our hands-on installation & manufacturing knowledge gives us a a good understanding of what works in the real world and all of our products are carefully selected or developed to ensure the needs of the consumer are met.  we have on-site qualified technicians who are heavily involved in product selection and creation, ensuring that not only do we offer reliable, quality products but there is someone here to help you every step of the way!  we offer impartial advice on any project both before you buy and for a lifetime after, making us truly unique in an on-line world!    




our offices and trade counter are directly attached to our main warehouse, where we have access to hundreds of product lines.  you can also find out more about our installation service by visiting our installation page. 




if you can't find what you are looking for on our website or would like to discuss your requirements in  more detail with one of our friendly team, please drop us a call on 01702 547571 and we'll be happy help.
















latest news

important recall - antari f80-z
we are recalling the antari f-80z fog machine with our product codes f80z/ z80-r both of which have a problem regarding the connection for the remote control.
posted on: 06 january 2025free delivery on orders over £100
we are currently offering free delivery on standard orders over £100.  uk mainland only, product and area restrictions may apply. please speak to a member of the sales team if you require further information. 
posted on: 19 april 2024sweetlight lighting control software
sweetlight software is one of the most popular ways to control effects and stage lighting.  this software is really popular with schools and other establishments looking for an intuitive dmx lighting control system.  we have come up with a handy how-to guide, that explains some of the features and how to use.  take a look at our guide, or give our team a call to discuss your needs. 
posted on: 08 february 2024festive opening hours 2023
friday 22nd dec - closing 1pm
monday 25th dec - closed
tuesday 26th dec - closed
friday 29th dec - closing 1pm
monday 1st january - closed
please be advised that no parcels will be despatched on weekends or bank holiday days and some delivery days may be experienced over the festive period.  the next working day service refers to the next normal business day and will not include weekends or bank holidays. we wish you all a very merry christmas.
posted on: 21 december 2023radio microphones
the world of wireless mics can be confusing, so we have come up with a complete guide that should help you with the most common queries, check out radio mic guide>>
posted on: 10 november 2023brochure update
we have a range of brochures now covering all key areas, this includes audio, cables & connectors, cases & bags, hardware & accessories, stage & theatre.  just drop us a call or email if you would like a copy. 
posted on: 26 july 2023festive opening 
festive period 2022
friday 23rd dec 22 - closing 1pm
monday 26th dec 22 - closed
tuesday 27th dec 22 - closed 
friday 30th dec 22 - closing 1pm
monday 2nd january 23 - closed
posted on: 22 december 2022essential maintenance from 4pm
we need to carry out some essential work on our phone system and will therefore need to close the phone lines at 4pm today.  you can still contact us by email and everything will be up and running again for monday.  thank you for your understanding. 
posted on: 09 december 2022royal mail industrial action
royal mail strikes are causing disruption across the network, with delays expected in the lead-up to christmas.  the following dates are recommended cut-offs for royal mail services 
posted on: 02 december 2022closure monday 19th sept 2022
on monday the 19th sept 2022 we will be observing the bank holday to pay our respects to hm queen elizabeth ii.  please note that all areas of the business will be closed and parcels will not be despatched until the following day.   
posted on: 13 september 2022






latest tweets

tweets by @terralec






about us & useful info

							terralec ltd, 
							osprey house, featherby way,
							purdeys industrial estate,
							rochford, essex, ss4 1ld 

							phone: 01702 547571 
							fax: 01702 541075 
							email: sales@terralec.com













homelogincontact usdeliveryterms and conditionsprivacy policy




copyright 2025. terralec limited. all rights reserved running on cyrane systems






















