




  






home - associated general contractors (agc) of colorado, co


























 









































go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events











































































home









member login









contact us









join now!




















 toggle navigation   

















go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events











































































home









member login









contact us









join now!















about us






about agc of colorado

about agc of colorado
board of directors
staff



committees

committee meetings
all committees
associates council
dc3 - diversity culture of care committee
future leaders forum
legislative committee
specialty contractors council







membership






about membership


how to join


benefits of membership


health insurance


referral program


member to member deals


find a member


salary survey


m/w/dbe certified members


update your profile








events 






events

agc of colorado virtual member orientation 2/21
webinar: prepare for dhs/ice raids & ensure compliance with immigration laws - 2/25
breakfast with the board - 2/26
agc's women in construction kick-off event - 3/03
exectuve leadership academy 2025
8th annual cef fundraiser hockey tournament - 3/14
2025 virtual ace awards workshop 4/24
event registration







workforce training






specialty topic courses


executive leadership academy 2025


project engineer bootcamp


superintendent bootcamp


commercial print reading fundamentals


mechanical, electrical, plumbing print reading


basic construction stormwater compliance


advanced stormwater manager's course


agc edge - lean, pmdp, csf, bim


catalog - standard courses


registration








advocacy






webinar recording: mandatory recycling for construction & demolition sites in denver


webinar recording: prevailing wage on state of colorado projects, mastering lcptracker for certified payroll


webinar recording and resources: prevailing wage on state of colorado & university projects


2024 agc colorado ballot guide


2021 colorado labor & employment law


advocacy action center


advocacy report


legislative committee


state bill tracker


agc america action center








culture of care






culture of c.a.r.e. program 


mental health working group


culture of care/ dei working group


supplier diversity working group


health links


youturn health


suicide prevention


special membership benefits for small and minority-owned businesses








safety






workers comp safety group


osha 10 & 30 hr


safety council


stormwater


safety awards


stop the drop







workforce development
2024 ace award winners

































































welcome to the associated general contractors!
colorado’s leading professional association for the state’s commercial building industry providing members a competitive edge through excellence in advocacy, collaboration, leadership, networking, workforce development, and services.












member login







member directory







contact us







job postings




























mark your calendar



every day is beautiful in green valley
with a wide variety of events and opportunities, green valley has something to offer everyone. celebrate the fun of the minnesota state fair with us each summer. enjoy a scenic stroll through our many parks or play a round of golf at one of our three courses. have your picture taken with the world’s largest owl and marvel at all the beautiful outdoor murals throughout the town.

our community offers a thriving economy, superb schools, traditional values, faith and fellowship, helpful services, and many entertainment options. green valley is truly the ideal place for new ventures and new growth because every day is abeautiful day.














view all events »

































 


























learn more

















join agc today



membership with agc of colorado provides you with a wealth of information, tools and resources to support your business.
read more »














advocacy



agc unites colorado’s commercial builders as the acknowledged voice of the construction & design industry. by speaking with a unified voice we are more effective in improving the economy and the construction and design industry.
read more »














about us



the agc of colorado is colorado's leading professional association for the state's commercial building industry, representing over 600 firms.
read more »






























follow us on linkedin!

































































































































 associated general contractors (agc) of colorado

  1114 w. 7th avenue, denver, co 80204

  303. 388.2422

  info@agccolorado.org













































© copyright 2025 associated general contractors (agc) of colorado. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by growthzone software.

















 


