









ncpal massapequa - nassau county pal
























































skip to content















nassau county  police activity league 














menu 
scholarship fund
gala
store

all sports
 ncpal locations
support us
 





menu 

  scholarship fund
gala
store

all sports
 ncpal locations
support us
 









 

























welcome to






ncpal massapequa






















about











we are proud to be considered one of the largest pals in the nation with 20,000 youth participating in our programs annually.  ncpal operates 31 units in over 40 communities throughout nassau county providing sports, crafts, education, and other programs for all boys and girls regardless of race, religion, income or disability.  
having a place for positive interaction between the youth of our communities and our police officers in a caring, compassionate, and fun matter is more important than ever.  “it is better to build youth than mend adults” is still the mission we strive for daily.










connect











phone: (516) 662-6019
email massapequancpal@gmail.com
address:
510 parkside blvd, massapequa, ny 11758
 

















offered activities











agility/speed boot camp, baseball, basketball, day camps, dodgeball, flag football, gaga ball, golf, hockey-dek, karate, lacrosse, mini & super sports, rec programs, soccer, softball, tennis, track, yoga-youth


































activity registrations






listed alphabetically by sport.  click on the "sport" button to narrow down your search.  we send out emails to all our registered members whenever a new sport opens up for registration.  if you don't have an account with us, please create one by selecting the activity named "create an account" down below.















    

















ncpal massapequa - bulletin board






























 

























100% local impact






all funds raised by the ncpal stay in our community to get local kids off the sidelines and into a season of sport. let’s work together to build strong kids and strong communities!
we receive no funding from any municipality, including nassau county.
100% of our funding is from donors like you.
thank you for helping us continue serving the youth of nassau county!














donate to the ncpal


 


































frequently asked questions













 how long has nassau county police activity league been working with the youth of nassau county?


in 1940, under the direction of nassau county’s first police commissioner, abraham skidmore, the nassau county police boys club was formed.  over 80 years later our mission is still the same, to prevent juvenile delinquency by bridging the gap between police officers and the youth of our communities.
since that time there have been several changes to our organization, including changing the name to nassau county police activity league (ncpal). 




 how can i register my child for a program?


on this page, go to the section titled "activity registrations" and click on any of the activities listed.  this will take you directly to our registration platform where you can register your child(ren) for programs.  




 there are so many sports listed in the activity registrations box.  how can i narrow it down?


in the activity registration box you can narrow down the selections by using the "sport" button at the top of the box to filter to just one sport.




 are there other pal units?  how do i find information for those?


ncpal has 31 units throughout the county.  to find more information about our other units, go to www.nassaucountypal.org and explore our other units or see what programs are being offered by other units.




 what is the cut-off for ages for registration in programs?


ncpal uses the same cut-off date as the school district for participation in programs.  for instance, if the school district mandates that a child be 6 years old by december 1st in order to be in 1st grade, then pal will use this same cut off for 1st grade programs.  the same applies to all grades/ages for pal.





















ncpal programs are made possible
with the generous support from these businesses and organizations.






































































































support  the ncpal


 





























quick links






location directory
sports directory
leagueapps login









our organization






support the ncpal
annual gala











© 2025 nassau county pal. all rights reserved.




















 



















