
























jews for the preservation of firearms ownership














search the jpfo site







 
search engine by freefind






 
















 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




jpfo works to destroy so-called "gun control" (code words for disarming innocent people), exposing misguided notions that lead people to seek so-called "gun control," and we encourage americans to understand and defend all the bill of rights for all citizens.

jpfo offers — "stickers with meaning"



recent news and opinion






how a replica sten gun led to sailor's 20-year prison sentence
by lee williams. feb 14, 2025
former sailor patrick tate adamiak once bought a replica sten mk. ii submachinegun at a local gun show. he paid $75 for the non-firing spanish replica - or toy - which was made by denix and is still sold online for hundreds of dollars more.  [...]




 





gov surveillance: how atf uses facial recognition on firearm owners
by brandon curtis. feb 12, 2025
a growing number of reports indicate that the bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms, and explosives (atf) has access to and utilizes facial recognition technology to identify and track firearm owners.  [...]




 





trump plans rollback of regulations on 'ghost guns,' background checks
by alex delia. feb 10, 2025
president donald trump signed an executive order on friday, feb. 7, directing attorney general pam bondi to review and potentially roll back biden-era gun control policies, including ghost gun regulations and expanded background checks.   [...]




 





white house office of gun violence prevention goes dark
by susanne edward. feb 7, 2025
the biden administration's white house office of gun violence prevention is no more--at least that is what it looks like. the small staff of the office resigned in the days leading up to president donald trump's (r) inauguration  [...]




 





slate critique on 5th circuit 2a ruling for young adults raises questions
by dave workman. feb 5, 2025
opinion: in the aftermath of a ruling by the fifth u.s. circuit court of appeals striking down the federal ban on handgun sales to young adults, slate published an op-ed by an amherst college professor  [...]




 





are you packin'?
by dave workman. feb 3, 2025
the annual report on concealed carry in the united states, published by the crime prevention research center, has some eye-opening details about the number of legally armed citizens. [...]





 
for earlier alerts - go to the alerts index page. 

back to top
 

			copyright © jpfo 1999 - 2025.  all rights reserved.
			12500 ne 10th pl | bellevue | wa 98005 |  phone: (800) 869-1884 | fax: 425-451-3959
jpfo@jpfo.org



 
 


home
about jpfo
member/donate
store home
join: member/renew
donate to jpfo
the genocide chart
six things about the 2a
keep and bear arms
2a interpretations
jews & "gun control"
un "gun control"
"gun control" groups
the gun "control" act 1968
the gun is civilization
raging against self defense
gun facts online
gun facts 7.1 (pdf)
an opinion on 'gun control'
the bor index page
celebrating bor day
sentinel archive page
your ten rights
roosevelt 1941
bor in 15 languages
gran'pa jack books
sound files
interview sound files
freedom music
rabbi bendory
l.neil smith
kirby ferris
david codrea
kurt hofmann
nicki kenyon
claire wolfe
rabbi shapira
index of open letters
the warsaw ghetto
the battle of athens
jpfo handbills archive
state constitution info
bastiat & "the law"
2a friendly attorneys
heller vs dc
mcdonald vs chicago
the olofson case
movies & books
the gang movie
campaigns history
why jews hate guns
jpfo sentinel index
high capacity freedom
10c of self defense
don't inspire evil
networking links
alerts & sign-up


