



  



 kitchen & bath remodeling experts | holland kitchens & baths































homeservices backkitchen remodeling bathroom remodeling design construction builder sales products backcabinetry countertops other products results applauseour teamcontact 







860-236-3111


homeservices kitchen remodeling bathroom remodeling design construction builder sales products cabinetry countertops other products results applauseour teamcontact 






menu 








award winning designs


quality products


meticulous craftsmanship







welcome to holland kitchens
since 1994, holland kitchens has been known for being a leader in our field by providing innovative design, quality products, and meticulous craftsmanship.


kitchen remodeling

kitchen remodeling

full design services
expert installation
decades of experience

see options 



bathroom remodeling

bathroom remodeling

sophisticated designs
contracting services
durable products 

see options 



cabinetry

cabinetry

featuring wood-mode
unique colors and finishes
american craftsmanship

see options 










west hartford's leading kitchen & bathroom remodeling service    tour our showroom   holland kitchens & baths is your one-stop shop for meeting any kitchen or bathroom remodeling needs in west hartford, ct. from the drafting of innovative and functional designs and choosing of stunning and durable products and materials, to the expert installation of cabinets and countertops, we handle it all. we also offer complete contracting services for all of your kitchen and bathroom remodeling needs.  it all starts with a stunning, functional design at holland kitchens & baths, we have a team of professional, award-winning designers who will personally work with you to design the ideal kitchen or bathroom for your home and lifestyle. from flooring to ceiling, problem kitchens to tight budgets - we have the talent, creativity, and experience to make the dream come true for you.  call us today!  




 start the design process 


        * indicates required questions    


                      name *                  



first name




                          	first                          



last name




                          	last                          





                                    email *                                

email






                                    phone # *                                

mobile phone






                                    address                                

address line 1


address line 2


address line 3





how can we help you? *
how can we help you? * 





enter:




 








we're proud of our  excellent reputation!



holland kitchens has gone above and beyond from the very beginning. it has been a seamless process and their eye for design and making things work is impeccable!


our kitchen is beautiful, we love it! your team at holland was fabulous to work with. kate, our designer was just wonderful and guided us every step of the way with her knowledge and warmth. your whole team was a pleasure to work with and delivered the kitchen of our dreams.



read more testimonials 






visit our showroom:


590 new park ave.west hartford, ct 06110					


					mon - fri: 10am - 5pm (by appointment only)
sat: by appointment only				




conveniently located in the



connect with us







860-236-3111



homeblogresults our teamprivacycontact 


				the contents of this webpage are copyright © 2025 holland kitchens & baths. all rights reserved.
			


					specialties: kitchen design, kitchen remodeling, bathroom design, bathroom remodeling, kitchen cabinets, custom cabinets, cabinet installation, countertop installation, design build firm, home remodeling, remodeling contractor

areas: west hartford ct, farmington, ct, avon, ct, simsbury, ct, west simsbury, ct, canton, ct, glastonbury, ct, south glastonbury, ct, burlington, ct, granby, ct, south windsor, ct, wethersfield, ct, newington, ct, rocky hill, ct, unionville, ct, bloomfield, ct, hebron, ct, marlborough, ct, manchester, ct, vernon, ct, berlin, ct				

kitchen remodeling in west hartford, ct | bathroom remodeling west hartford, ct | design services in west hartford, ct | construction services for west hartford, ct 



web design - 
manage












