


edsel.com








 



   the cars























 

 edsel history









 

 for sale













 

support









 

 edsel extras











    


     

number of documented cases of 
edsels being saved by the edsel pages to date: 
      


   






 

java scripts and 
other programming
provided by 


 
 

 
privacy statement

 
 
 
 







 




it's all about the car.

 




edsel.com and the edsel pages are designed to help new edsel 
owners find parts and advice, current edsel owners to show their cars, and 
future edsel owners to find out just what they're getting into.   it's 
all about keeping as many edsel automobiles on
the road as possible.  no other agenda, no politics.  
 it's all about the car.





the edsel registry




the on-line edsel registry gives you a spot on the web where 
you can tell the world about your car, ranging from how many awards that
it's won to how much the salvage yard gave you for it.  any edsel
in any condition - if it's got an edsel patent plate, people want to know about it.

view the on-line edsel registry

add your edsel's information


 edsel club home pages 








               
   









international edsel club      
          
    
edsel owners club

















the edsel club





regional on-line edsel clubs

edsel owners u.k., iec
eoc sweden

new england edsel owners club (northeastern us)
southlanders edsel owners club (southern california)
southeastern chapter, iec (southeastern us)



the edsel lovers email group








latest edsel news and edsel page updates 



summer 2024
  big plans for updates.  apologies for the backlog of edsel content, be it ads or online registry updates. 
  life is getting in the way, along with host server issues that will likely turn into migrating to a new service.
  meanwhile, new edsel reproduction pieces continue to emerge from henry klinger edsel products.
  check out the full list on the edsel suppliers page.

   
spring 2021
   yes,
i broke the navigation bar at the top of every edsel.com page while trying to make the site more secure.
  working on it.  and the online edsel registry form delivery is equally broken, although that one wasn't me.
  i am not liking the 2020's at all so far.  please stand by.
  
   
sometime later in 2020..
  edsel season didn't get far this year.  2021.. the pressure's on you to get this biff tannen time line back to reality.
summer 2019
   bruce roberts' 
edsel promo time pages have had their first major update since 2016.
  check out the newly discovered dashboard color variations and unique pieces like the rosemary clooney signed promo.


fall 2018
   edsel.com is extremely appreciative for 
  being recognized by the international edsel club with their presentation of  
  the 2018 perrault award for support of the edsel community.
  with lots more to get posted and upgrades to the screens and graphics in the works, hopefully the site will be even 
  more helpful and informative in the years to come.  thank you iec for the encouragement!


winter 2017
just in time to help you find a gift for the edsel fan in your life, fat cats design has all of your edsel t-shirt needs 
covered with rhinestone, vinyl and custom edsel designs.

they can also create a custom edsel shirt for you, your club or a special event.
larger images and links are posted on the edsel-related items for sale page.










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































help wanted! 

most of the edsel pictures on the 1958-1959-1960 pages are from when the site was launched in
1997.  it's time they were refreshed.  if you'd like your car to be the featured
"model" car, please email a picture with your name and the car's location.

also, if you have information on:

edsel youngstar 1/4-scale electric cars
origins of these 
edsel advertisements
photos of your edsel vanity plate


then your help is needed.   please send along any info or photos to 
admin@edsel.com, and as always, you'll be included in the page credits if so desired.

thanks!!




scam alert
attention edsel sellers: please be aware of a known check cashing scam that is frequently perpetrated on
classic car sales!  visit the scam alert page for details.
for a list of commonly used phrases that may help identify scam email, 
click here.





special thanks: 
phil skinner for edsel research, facts and statistics, 
magne teigen for tons of specifications and rare
edsel material from around the world, 
ron osborn for the ford research,
jim popp for many of the edsel part resources, 
alison organ for lots of the edsels in film references, and to
bud goodwin, gary brunsch, mark bohenek, jim turner, 
carl erdman, larry blodget, doug harley, matt mclaughlin, 
mike hinsch, r. meek and fred schell
for their dedication in recording so many edsel vins that now appear in the on-line registry.



achievements: 






       
   



       
   












       
   


       
   












       
   









  visitors since february 5, 2011











      edsel logos used by the respective clubs are licensed 
with the ford motor company.      edsel.com is not affiliated with ford 
motor company or any specific edsel organization.


