



homepage

































 fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government




online banking

select an account

select account
personal banking
business banking

please select an account type



enter username

please enter your username


enter password

please enter your password

login



enter username

please enter your username


enter password

please enter your password

login

log in
error, press "log in" to continue.



enroll    |
forgot password










personal

checking
savings
cds & iras
online banking



business

business checking
business savings
online banking



lending

personal loans
commercial loans
mortgage loans
second mortgage
land loans
financial calculators



services

debit/atm cards
other services
financial calculators
educational center
fee schedule
special announcements



about us

discover southtrust bank
locations & hours
contact us
careers
privacy policy
holiday schedule


















 
 
 
  
 
                                                                southtrust bank is now
                                                                 offering credit cards!!
                                                                             learn more!
 





online payment services are now available through our new payment portal!
        click here to make a payment!













 
 
 
 

 
 





southtrust bank: our strength is our people and their dedication to providing the best possible customer experience. give us a try!



helpful links 

financial calculators
educational center
usa patriot act beneficial owners

make an online payment






welcome to southtrust bank
for ninety years our bank has succeeded by serving the needs of our communities and customers. today, even as we grow, that has not changed. our conservative philosophy and local focus allow us to make steady progress in an ever-changing banking climate. we offer the digital and mobile banking products that make banking anywhere convenient, plus real people that answer the phone when you have a question or need help.
texas-based and texan-owned, we’re an independent alternative for people and businesses that deserve to be more than just a number. contact your local branch and let us help!
steve jacksonpresident & ceo
 
we have received reports of fraudulent phone calls where individuals impersonate bank representatives to obtain personal information or financial details.
please remember:• we will never ask for sensitive information, such as your password or pin, over the phone.• if you receive a call that seems suspicious, hang up and contact us directly using the number on our official website (www.southtrust.com) or your account statement.• your security is our top priority. if you believe you have provided personal information to a suspicious caller, please contact us immediately.
 
 




online services
get started with our online banking to take control of your bank accounts! learn more


business banking
find the right fit for your business with our variety of account options. learn more 


reorder checks
get started with your check reorder now




  
 
in observance of president's day, southtrust bank will be closed on monday, february 17, 2025.
we will resume normal business hours on tuesday, february 18, 2025.






contact us|
locations & hours|
privacy policy|
routing number: #114917908|
nmls# 402954|





ehl icon


copyright © southtrust bank 2025
go to top







