










arizona central credit union | checking, saving, loans, & more



































































 






skip to content








login



contactjoin usratescareersmake a payment 



 










        español        

 866.264.6421




login








 


search for:








login



banking

savings

personal savings accountsindividual retirement accountcu grow youth savings accountscu succeed® teen clubhealth savings account 
checking

personal checking accountsoverdraft & identity protection 
certificates of depositmobile and online

ebranch online bankingmobile bankingremote deposit capabilitieszelle®text message (sms) bankingebranch faqs 
business services

business member share accountbusiness classic checkingbusiness value checkingbusiness money market accountbusiness certificates servicesmerchant card processingpayroll & ach services 
wire transfersdirect deposittelephone banking
loans

personal loans

you-name-it personal loan™line of creditshare-secured loanunsecured home improvement loan 
mortgages

pre-qualify for a mortgagedown payment assistance programsrefinance your home today 
home equity

fixed rate home equity loanhome equity line of credit (heloc) 
vehicle loans

auto loansrefinance your ridecamper, rv & boat loansatv loansmotorcycle loanspreferred dealers 
business loansstudent loanscredit cards

personal credit cardbusiness credit cardbalance transfer 

additional services

insurance

life insuranceautomobile insurancedebt cancellationhomeowner's insuranceaccidental death and dismemberment 
investment servicescollege scholarshipspersonal finance management
about us

contact uscareer opportunitiesannual reportscommunity involvement
branch locations

find a location

find a location 
chandler, azdowntown phoenix, azflagstaff, az locations

flagstaff (west street)flagstaff (woodlands village boulevard) 
glendale, az locations

glendale (bell road)glendale (glendale avenue) 
show low, aztempe, aztucson, az (ina road)
member benefits & services

special member offers

new member account opening promotionsother member discounts 
card controlsaccount alertsreorder checksskip a payment program
resources & tools

blogfinancial calculators

auto loansmortgagehome equitysavingsretirementdebtbudgetinsurance 
frequently asked questionsfinancial forms and disclosuresebooks & eresourcessavvy money (credit monitoring)
current rates

dare to compareauto loan rateshome equity & mortgage loan ratescd & ira rateschecking & savings ratespersonal loan ratesbusiness deposit ratesazccu visa credit card ratesmotorcycle & atv loan rates
  



			        español			        







search for:











 









homephxdevelopment2025-02-14t16:35:07+00:00 
our offices will be closed monday, 2/17 for presidents’ day. normal business hours will resume tuesday, 2/18.×your home buying journey starts herewith most closings in under 30 days and $0 down payment options!learn howhave you checked out our itms?take advantage of the convenience and ease of an atm with the service of an azccu associate.find out howfinance your new car with confidenceget up to 90 days no pay + receive a .50% rate discount!get pre-approvedyou are invited to our 86th annual meetingjoin us on wednesday, march 26th, 2025 for an update on the growth of the credit union and our future direction in serving you.click for detailscompetitive ratesauto loan rates:
as low as 7.00% aprdrive your dreams forward with our competitive auto loan rates as low as 7.00% apr, offering flexible terms up to 48 months to help you hit the road with affordable monthly payments.
learn moremortgage rates:
as low as 5.912% apr*turn your dream of homeownership into a reality with our competitive home loan rates as low as 5.912% apr*, spanning a 15-year term to make your mortgage journey smoother and more affordable.
learn morecredit card rates:
as low as 10.90% aprexperience the freedom of financial flexibility with our credit card rates as low as 10.90% apr, empowering you to make purchases with confidence while keeping your interest costs at a minimum.
learn morepersonal loan rates: as low as 9.99% aprtake control of your financial journey with our competitive you-name-it personal loan™, with rates as low as 9.99% apr, this is a great option for whatever you need to spend!
learn moreview all ratesyou belong here!join us & be rewardedenjoy the perks of being an arizona central credit union member! we understand that one size does not fit all when it comes to banking. that’s why we offer personalized banking solutions tailored to your unique needs. whether you’re looking for a simple checking account, a mortgage to finance your dream home, or investment options for your future, we take the time to understand your goals and provide personalized recommendations.
learn howcompetitive rates, better returnswhether you’re looking to grow your savings, finance your dream home or get behind the wheel with an affordable auto loan, our rates are designed to give you an edge. from low-rate mortgages and credit cards to high-yield money market and retirement accounts, we’re here to help you maximize your financial potential.
learn moredeep roots, strong community:serving arizona for over 80 yearsat arizona central credit union, our community is at the heart of everything we do. we go above and beyond to serve and support the community we call home. whether it’s through donating funds to phoenix children’s hospital to aid patients and families or providing over 400 backpacks filled with school supplies for families in need during the valleywise health foundation’s backpack school drive, our commitment to community engagement is tangible. alongside our exceptional service, products and low rates for our members, we firmly believe in giving back and actively volunteering in our local communities.
learn morewhy choose arizona central credit union to save with?arizona central credit union has been providing arizona families in phoenix and beyond with savings accounts and other financial services since 1939. whether you already have an account or are just looking for the best savings account interest rates, arizona central, arizona’s leading local credit union, will be here to help you achieve your savings goals.
arizona central credit union has 9 branches throughout arizona, including phoenix, glendale, tempe, chandler, flagstaff, tucson and show low. members have access to over 30,000 surcharge-free atms nationwide through the co-op atm networks. arizona central makes banking accessible & rewarding for all az communities.
learn moredrive your business forwardpursue your business dreams with our competitive business lending solutions, offering competitive rates on business loans that help you achieve your goals. explore our range of flexible options, including business checking accounts and payroll & ach services, and take your business to new heights today.
learn morediscover our personal loan solutionstake control of your financial journey with our personal loan options including our you-name-it personal loan™, shared-secured loan and unsecured home improvement loan. explore our versatile loan solutions today and turn your dreams into reality.
learn moresave smarter, earn morestart building a brighter financial future with our range of savings accounts, including cds, money market accounts, iras and hsas. each of these options are designed to help you grow your savings and achieve your goals. explore our options today and discover the power of saving.
learn morencua certificationyour savings federally insured to at least $250,000 and backed by the full faith and credit of the united states government.
national credit union administration, a u.s. government agency
find a branch near you today!learn more
*the posted apr(annual percentage rate) is based on 80% combined loan to value (cltv), a 15 year repayment term and a loan amount of $200,000. your rate may be higher depending upon your credit history and cltv. 




 
 
aba routing number: 322172441
 (602) 264-6421 | (866) 264-6421

current rates
security center
open an account
site map


privacy policy
join us
careers
tools & resources


contact us
retirement central

company nmls #485260 – 2025 arizona central credit union. all rights reserved.


 
 
page load link
















































































this site is registered on wpml.org as a development site. switch to a production site key to remove this banner.

 


go to top




