






















home | university of waterloo






















skip to main content
















                      jump to
                    





                              jump to
                          





                      admissions
                    





                      about waterloo
                    





                      faculties & academics
                    





                      offices & services
                    





                      support waterloo
                    












open search location 
search for 



search location
on all sites


























±





























earn a degree that will make an impact in your community and the world

            discover waterloo's programs →
          

















#1
most innovative university in canada for 30 of the last 33 years

maclean's university rankings 2025



#1
school for entrepreneurs in canada

pitchbook university rankings 2024



#1
comprehensive research university in canada

research infosource 2024








discover waterloo by the numbers →
























latest news


























math 



          waterloo changed my life in unexpected ways
        

gil aburto-avila shares why he moved from mexico to study at the university of waterloo and why he gives back as an alum  











engineering 



                  waterloo awarded $5 million to accelerate sustainable additive manufacturing 
                

the funding will support the creation of an industry-facing consortium for sustainable scale-up in metal additive manufacturing










environment 



                  a champion for transit equity 
                

planning co-op student's journey from concerned rider to a key voice in ontario's transit conversation is a testament to community organizing










science 



                  getting more undergrad students into the lab 
                

real research co-founder draws on experience to encourage the next generation of researchers







    view all waterloo news
  






































                    black history month at waterloo
                   


            explore events, achievements and inspirational stories of black flourishing that continue to shape our university community
          










































                    2025 global futures: innovation update 
                   


            meet waterloo's students, alumni and researchers, the leaders and problem-solvers we need for our global future →
          










































                    stopping a stroke faster
                   


            world’s smallest camera helps surgeons act fast and save lives. learn how →
          






















upcoming events












  feb 
  20 


 5:30 pm 
 grade 10 info night 
 grade 10 students thinking about university are invited (along with their supporters) to an information session on admission requirements, financing their education, and advice on how to get started preparing for university. join us online or on campus.






  feb 
  25 


 12:00 pm 
 startup 2 scaleup: recruitment roadmap webinar 
 learn how startups and small businesses can secure funding to hire top waterloo co-op talent. starting or scaling a small business is challenging, especially when it comes to finding talent and funding. 97 per cent of startups miss funding opportunities because they don’t know where to find them. we’re here to change that.






  mar 
  19 


 12:00 am 
 upstart 25 student work festival 
 the upstart festival is a juried one-act play festival hosted by the university of waterloo theatre and performance program. all these plays are written, directed, and performed by students. they will be presented march 19th-22nd from 7:00pm - 9:00pm est in the theatre of the arts. three shows make up the festival.






    view all waterloo events
  






























university of waterloo

university of waterloo


43.471468
-80.544205






campus map






              campus map
          

200 university avenue west

waterloo,
      on,
      canada
n2l 3g1


+1 519 888 4567









                     contact waterloo
                    





                     accessibility
                    





                     news
                    





                     maps & directions
                    





                     privacy
                    





                     careers
                    





                     emergency notifications
                    





                     copyright
                    





                     feedback
                    







the university of waterloo acknowledges that much of our work takes place on the traditional territory of the neutral, anishinaabeg, and haudenosaunee peoples. our main campus is situated on the haldimand tract, the land granted to the six nations that includes six miles on each side of the grand river. our active work toward reconciliation takes place across our campuses through research, learning, teaching, and community building, and is co-ordinated within the office of indigenous relations.










instagram




              instagram
          






x (formerly twitter)




                      x (formerly twitter)
          






linkedin




              linkedin
          






facebook




              facebook
          






youtube




              youtube
          





@uwaterloo social directory






on it check








            where there’s  a challenge,waterloo ison it.
          

learn how   → 



        ©2025 all rights reserved
      
















