antique chinese porcelain and oriental ceramics - marchant asian art london    



aboutthe companytimeline & historyour teamshopblanc de chine 2024kosometsuke & shonzui 2024imperialmonochromesblue & whiteunderglaze copper-redimari porcelaintangliaoming & earlierfamille vertewucaifamille rosecloisonnébronzes & works of artchinese exportjade, hardstone & glassblanc de chinechinese porcelain for the japanese marketjapanese & koreanpaintingsbooks & exhibitionsguidecontact












menu



aboutthe companytimeline & historyour teamshopblanc de chine 2024kosometsuke & shonzui 2024famille verte from private collectionsimperialmonochromesblue & whiteunderglaze copper-redimari porcelaintangliaoming & earlierfamille vertewucaifamille rosecloisonnébronzes & works of artchinese exportjade, hardstone & glassblanc de chinechinese porcelain for the japanese marketjapanese & koreanpaintingsfurniturebooks & exhibitionsguidemuseum collectionseventsnewslettersvideoscontactterms of uset&c’sprivacy policycookie policy





popularresults


new website launched

article


shop

page


famille verte from private collections

articlesorry, no results were found.  asian art at marchantmarchant was founded in 1925 by samuel sydney marchant (1897-1975). our specialties are imperial chinese ming and qing porcelains, jades, cloisonné, pottery and works of art. emphasis is placed on rarity, quality, condition and provenance.
shop at marchant
keep scrolling


the shop
blanc de chine 2024
blanc de chine, the luminous white ceramic revered for its delicate beauty, will be presented for the fifth time since the gallery’s 60th anniversary exhibition in 1985. an exhibition of 34 pieces.
view collection
kosometsuke & shonzui 2024assembled over almost 25 years, the kosometsuke exhibition includes a diverse selection of blue and white wares, including rare dishes, imaginative vessels, and captivating scenes on tea ceremony pieces. 50 piece exhibition, november 2024
view collection
imperial
objects made for the imperial court during the ming and qing dynasties.
view collection
blue & white
blue & white pieces, synonymous with chinese porcelain.
view collection
monochromes
objects of single-colour.
view collection
underglaze copper-red
pieces with the use of underglaze copper-red.
view collection
view all collectionstake a journey through marchant's history. with over 95 years’ experience in the art world, from historic company moments, to notable events in the art world and lots more.
timeline & historyporcelain & works of art


s1662

a pair of chinese porcelain famille verte rouleau vases, each painted with four central roundels representing the four seasons, peony, lotus, chrysanthemum and prunus, and each with a pair of different birds including mandarin ducks encircled by scrolling branches with lotus flower heads between stylised chrysanthemum with reverse pomegranate, above a band of lappets and beneath a wide band of mallow and tree peony on a continuous scrolling branch with leaves and gilt scrolls at the shoulder, the neck with two square panels with chamfered corners one with a pheasant amongst camellia the other with a kingfisher amongst tree peony between interlocked lotus flower heads and beneath stylised iron-red and gilt berries on the galleried rim, the underside with an underglaze blue double ring.17 1/8 inches, 43.5cm high.kangxi, 1662-1722.
view details


10. m4910
£9,500
japanese porcelain celadon lavender crackle glazed bottle vase with tall cylindrical neck, rounded body, everted foot rim and slightly flaring lipped rim, covered overall on the base and interior in a celadon lavender crackled ru-type glaze, the rim and unglazed biscuit foot rim brown.11 ½ inches, 29.3 cm high.kawase shinobu, 1983.wood box, described as ‘celadon flower vase’, signed and with artist’s seal, shinobu, on the interior of the cover and the orange cloth.
view details


33. m5310
£2,500
chinese famille verte biscuit porcelain sancai model of a guanyin, seated with her right leg raised, wearing an apple-green glazed robe, with aubergine cowl, holing two lotus-leaf branches and a bottle vase with leaf sprays, the unglazed base with muslin marks from the firing.7 ⅝ inches, 19.3 cm high.kangxi, 1662-1722 
view details
view allcatalogues & exhibitions




marchant - one hundred years
£500
view item




2024 kosometsuke & shonzui
£120
view item




2024 blanc de chine
£120
view item
view allfeatures & news

marchant are moving to mayfair
6th february 2024
 
famille verte from private collections
11th october 202128th october – 12th november 20212021 年10 月28 日 – 11 月12 日
 
new website launched
26th october 2020we are delighted to announce that our eagerly anticipated new website is now live!

view morefollow us on social media

follow us on instagramstay up to dateif you’d like to be kept updated, please enter your email address, and we’ll ensure you get the latest news and information direct to your inbox.    captchafull name*your email address*
 sign up 













terms of uset&c’sprivacy policycookie policycopyright © 2025 marchant. all rights reserved.this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.crafted by 


⯁
with 1000 illustrations
⯁
edited by rose kerr
⯁
together with
⯁
the centenary exhibition catalogue
⯁
limited publication
pre-order nowpublished autumn 2025we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
accept  

close gdpr cookie settings



privacy overview


strictly necessary cookies


3rd party cookies

privacy overview
this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
strictly necessary cookiesstrictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.

enable or disable cookies



3rd party cookiesthis website uses google analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.

enable or disable cookies


please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
enable all
save changes


