


brad pitt

























    
	brad pitt
	
  






friday, march 19, 2010



	 
	 no oscars for these basterds
	 
    


supporting actor christoph waltz went home from the oscars with a shiny blunt instrument.  he played a nazi. brad pitt wasn't even nominated for his starring role.  here is a list of the nominations that this film received:    * actor in a supporting role    * cinematography    * directing    * film editing    * best picture    * sound editing    * sound mixing    * writing (original screenplay)i personally haven't seen the film but i plan to soon :)



posted by cb at 7:08 am
5 comments






wednesday, february 03, 2010



	 
	 brad pitt bachelor pad ???
	 
    


after breakup rumors and subsequent denials from brad pitt and angelina jolie, the real estate transaction involving a very small home is coming under close scrutiny.  people wonder if brad is buying a place intended for a newly single dude.  i think these people are rich enough that buying a house could just be something one does as a distraction.  brad is an architecture enthusiast after all.



posted by cb at 3:12 pm
30 comments






thursday, december 28, 2006



	 
	 brad and angelina in costa rica for christmas
	 
    


my title makes it sound like a vacation but they were actually on a mission to bring attention to the plight of colombian refugees.  angelina jolie described the situation as "the greatest humanitarian tragedy in the western hemisphere" .brad pitt and angelina jolie handed out presents to the children at a refugee camp on christmas day.colombian singer/songwriter shakira has been tireless in her efforts to improve the lives of refugees.  many of the people driven from their homes during two decades of conflict still live within colombia.



posted by cb at 11:42 am
306 comments






saturday, december 09, 2006



	 
	 christmas wedding rumors for brad pitt and angelina jolie
	 
    


my source says that a source says that angelina jolie and brad pitt are getting married in a remote location in south africa. the odd guest list, which includes madonna and oprah causes me to doubt the source.



posted by cb at 11:58 am
0 comments






tuesday, october 17, 2006



	 
	 brad pitt's movie babel is coming soon
	 
    


  this is an awesome trailer, if you find it confusing, that means it's working.  babel, you know, like in the old testament.brad pitt



posted by cb at 5:45 am
0 comments






wednesday, august 09, 2006



	 
	 brad is to angelina as kevin is to britney? say it isn't so
	 
    


reporters are using kevin and britney adjectives and verbs in their brad and angelina stories.  special sources that are mysteriously referred to as 'sources' tell reporters that brad is out partying while angelina is at home feeling abandoned and paranoid.  it's important to note that angelina always appeared to be confident and self reliant while living as a single mom with maddox.  it's also important to note that angelina has lots of upcoming movie work.  the sources that told reporters about some promise to take a year off of work for the baby should have told imdb as well.brad pitt angelina jolie



posted by cb at 1:34 pm
0 comments






wednesday, june 21, 2006



	 
	 are brad and angelina really 'colonial overlords' ?
	 
    


namibia's national society for human rights branded the brad and angelina "colonial overlords" and accused them of taking over the african country when shiloh nouvel was born this month. an nshr spokesman said: "to shut down a national border so she can give birth in peace is a massive abuse of power."i did a bit of research and it seems that the comments are very much colored by the group's issues with the ruling party, swapo.  more...brad pitt angelina jolie



posted by cb at 12:37 am
0 comments
















links


defamer
jossip
perez hilton

celebrity pregnancies
celebrity catfights
celebrity relationships

paris hilton news
lindsay lohan news
britney spears news
mariah carey news
jessica simpson news
gwen stefani news
jennifer lopez news
ciara news
shakira news
kelly clarkson news
hilary duff news
pamela anderson news
jessica alba news
katie holmes news
jennifer aniston news
mary-kate and ashley news
eva longoria news
brad pitt news
angelina jolie news
total dismay
naughty celebrities

previous posts

no oscars for these basterds
brad pitt bachelor pad ???
brad and angelina in costa rica for christmas
christmas wedding rumors for brad pitt and angelin...
brad pitt's movie babel is coming soon
brad is to angelina as kevin is to britney? say it...
are brad and angelina really 'colonial overlords' ?
photo of shiloh nouvel appears on the internet
brad pitt is a no-show at cannes because of the im...
waiting for brad and angelina to exhale

archives

december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
august 2006
october 2006
december 2006
february 2010
march 2010









 






