








our thoughts - thought-provoking commentary on life, politics, religion and social issues.
































skip to content





our thoughts
lancé il y a précisément 20 ans aux etats-unis, www.projetsurbains.com viagra a été vendu à des milliards d'exemplaires. l'iconique pilule bleue est devenue une source de revenus inespérée pour son fabricant américain pfizer et pour les faussaires du monde entier.
thought-provoking commentary on life, politics, religion and social issues.











free agency 
why free will is incompatible with an omniscient god 

it’s impossible for us to believe in an omniscient god while also believing in free will. the one cancels out the other. continue reading why free will is incompatible with an omniscient god






 


lgbtq 
will it be more of the status quo with patrick kearon? 

as you probably have heard, russel nelson, the current president of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, recently … continue reading will it be more of the status quo with patrick kearon?




 


lgbtq 
wishing, again, for an affirming church 

i attended an affirming worship service for a local christian church, and it reminded me of how far the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints still has to go. continue reading wishing, again, for an affirming church




 


 uncategorized, gay, lgbtq, marriage 
is exaltation reserved for just straight people? 

in the most recent general conference, two members of the first presidency claimed that exaltation will be limited to straight married couples. but do the scriptures they cite support their claims? continue reading is exaltation reserved for just straight people?




 


sinning 
go, and sin no more 

in our adult sunday school class today, one of the scripture stories that we discussed was the one where the … continue reading go, and sin no more




 


salvation 
easter reminds us of the 3 salvations 

to my fellow christians, as you commemorate easter sunday today, may you remember not only that jesus offered salvation from … continue reading easter reminds us of the 3 salvations




 


tithing 
will a man rob god? 

in the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, we often use or hear malachi 3:8–11 in lessons and sermons … continue reading will a man rob god?




 


 uncategorized 
insights i gained from the story of jonah 

in sunday school today, we were discussing the story of jonah, and there were a few things we discussed today … continue reading insights i gained from the story of jonah




 


lgbtq 
4 reasons i’m glad i came out at church 

in the early weeks of the covid-19 pandemic, i realized i wasn’t straight. you can read my coming our story … continue reading 4 reasons i’m glad i came out at church




 


 uncategorized 
the very foes who slay thee have access to thy grace 

at church last week, we sang “o savior, thou who wearest a crown” for our sacrament hymn. while we were … continue reading the very foes who slay thee have access to thy grace



posts navigation
older posts






proudly powered by wordpress

					theme: publication by automattic.				








