


















clipsnstuff - clipsnstuff


























clipsnstuff








home




the largest firearms and accessories store in the willamette valley!
now open sundays 10-4!
click here for a map of our location

  welcome to cns firearms and accessories, your online firearms and firearms accessory dealer. compare prices and service at gun shows and on the internet–we’re confident you will become one of our many steady customers. we are expanding our line even further and will be offering the best of tactical gear and accessories, and the latest technology available. if you are interested in tactical gear, including ar-15, ak-47, please feel free to email us and we will put your name on our special offer email list for upcoming announcements.
we offer fast shipping service; your order will be shipped within one business day and often even the same day. having been a dealer at gun shows since 1968, we understand your needs, and believe that your visit to either our shop in albany or online with our “virtual gun show” will be a pleasurable experience. if you have any questions concerning any of the hundreds of products we offer,we are always happy to give information and helpful advice.
info@cnsfirearms.com








firearm training classes available!
click here for more information and class schedules
cns now offers utah chl certification!
we are proud to offer many valuable courses on firearms, safety and special handling of firearms. our instructors are some of the best trained firearms experts in oregon, many of them retired or active law enforcement officers. some of the classes include:
cns oregon concealed handgun class the class will cover basic handgun safety, oregon law, carry considerations and threat assessment. the class starts at 6:30 pm. all classes are taught by national rifle association (nra) certified instructors.
cns handgun 1
basic handgun: an eight hour course that encompasses classroom and range time for the beginner shooter. this course will meet oregon chl course requirements.
utah chl:
a special concealed handgun course which is recognized and accepted in many states.24시마사지













2월 4, 2025







