




 
you're the bride certified detroit wedding planner michigan

















































 












 


skip to content











                                                book consult                                        










































detroit wedding planner
  

 






 






 

 






menu

home
services

our wedding services view
wedding planning collections

full-service ultimate wedding planning
full-service queen wedding planning
guided princess wedding planning
month-of management
wedding management / day of coordination / upgrades
michigan micro wedding planning
detroit cultural wedding planning
detroit engagement proposals


event planning
corporate event planning
wedding consultations and more
detroit wedding reception rentals
wedding gown preservation + cleaning / floral preservation


our work

press + reviews + podcast
michigan wedding styled shoots


about us

meet tracie
meet the team
our ideal clients


blog

wedding tips
  gifts, dresses + invites
built bars promo ytbbuilt 10% off


 







































 







                                                248-408-4602                                             








  




 
 
 
 
               
                     
                               
                               
                                    
                                       

 








for couples seeking a upbeat, straight-shooter, responsive wedding planner 
award winning certified detroit wedding planner  
 you’re the bride is a team of detroit wedding planners based in michigan. we work with couples on your exciting journey so that you are not overwhelmed and wondering what to do next while keeping wedding planning fun!  you have a demanding job, personal and social commitments and realize there just aren’t enough hours in the day to plan the wedding that you’re dreaming of – and you don’t want to look back with regret. someday you will be able to tell your grandchildren about how you had the time of your life not a stress filled wedding day.
 
it’s your wedding day! you shouldn’t have to worry about missing chair rentals!
 
 weddings are a huge investment and sometimes things will go wrong and neither you, your bridal party or family are going to be excited to deal with issues that pop up. your day is about intention and savoring every moment you have long awaited. we calmly handle situations as they arise so your wedding day festivities continue. this keeps you away from any stress so that you can just relax and finish your hair and makeup, have your photos taken or just dance the night away!
 
 
book a complimentary consultation here





hi! i’m tracie, your certified wedding planner





i’m a wedding planner who has been helping couples just like you for over two decades. i am a top wedding planning expert and working with me is going to make your life so much easier. i created you’re the bride to take the stress off of couples through their planning process and on the day of. my team is highly trained and skilled to deal with whatever life throws your way on the wedding day. you are gaining a new friend during your wedding journey and i will put you at ease. i will match you with elite wedding professionals while my team makes sure everything happens at the right time so that no detail is left undone on the big day. click here to meet the ytb team!
 

  




“you can’t put a price on peace of mind”
allison + josh 
 

“tracie and her team were an invaluable asset leading up to and on our wedding day! i knew i would be a fairly hands-on and detail-oriented bride, so i was looking for someone to keep us on track and manage everything the day of. we booked the princess collection.she was recommended by our venue and tracie’s familiarity with the venue gave us huge peace of mind. she recommended photographers, bakeries, and bands. we kept in touch leading up to the wedding. tracie was very accommodating of our busy schedules – we would go through questions and ideas together to keep our plans on track to make sure we were doing what we needed to do to make our vision come alive. tracie was on site for our ceremony rehearsal and helped plan our rehearsal dinner, and supervised everything on our wedding day – ensuring vendors and bridal party were on time and where they needed to be.
everything went off without a hitch and we were so happy that ytb helped us every step of the way.  the price for her services was extremely reasonable given her professionalism, reputation, contacts, and commitment to us that made everything go so smoothly and turn out beautifully. you can’t put a price on peace of mind – and that was most important to us when working with a wedding coordinator.”






our process
we guide you through wedding planning to keep you on track and prevent overwhelm. you’ll arrive at the altar relaxed for your beautiful day! ready to get started? 

 





                    1. book your consult            















schedule your no-pressure consultation with our certified wedding planner, tracie. during this call you will share your wedding vision and i will gather everything i need to send you a proposal. 

 





                    2. detailed planning            








once we start working together you will receive access to a robust planning portal with tools to keep all of your important wedding details organized in one place. 





                                                say hello! 248-408-4602                                        









                    3. enjoy your big day            















arrive at your perfectly organized wedding day feeling relaxed and ready to party! 

 










 
happy clients share their results …
  

 




 

amelia said...

“i planned an out of town wedding and tracie went above and beyond to make the wedding planning process seamless and enjoyable. she was there to facilitate the entire process from planning to execution of the big day! she also never failed to answer a call or email. i would definitely recommend her services to accomplish your perfect wedding day!” 

 


 







 

amanda said...

“amazing throughout every step of the wedding planning process. i did not realize at first how much help we needed planning our wedding. our wedding day was a breeze because they took care of everything! i would highly recommend utilizing this team to help the bride, groom, and their families be able to enjoy every moment of their special day.”  

 


 







 

barbara said...

“tracie is a delight to work with, extremely detailed and caught errors that other vendors made and as a result we had a picture-perfect event. we chose a venue requiring everything be brought in from generator powered restrooms to the last fork. tracie made certain everything ran like clockwork. she’s calm, cheerful and competent! don’t hesitate to hire this amazing woman.” 

 


 




















                                                watch our promo video                                        












cover photo: mae photo co. 

 



 











back to top



 












you’re the bride l.l.c. (248) 408-4602/24 hour reply or less award-winning detroit wedding & event planning company featuring the meticulous planning skills of certified wedding planner, tracie morris and her team. visit our services to review our collections!  reserve time on our calendar !

 

 join our ytb community
subscribe to our wedding weeds podcast
read our faqs
read our privacy policy
2000-2025 you’re the bride llc

 
















 




 






























 



