





equity trading software | trading signals | commodity trading system - ablesys










































since 1994






testimonials







trustpilot

 





 






toggle navigation







homefree webinars faqs videossolutionsproductsabletrend 30-day trial abletrend 8.0 stand alone (stand alone trading system)abletrend add-on for esignal abletrend add-on for ninjatrader asctrend 3.5 (indicator packages for tradestation users)abletrend mobile wintick (15-min delayed signals)abletrend portfolio performance (app) money management (mm)data (real-time data feeds)abledata price/orderabletrend 30-day trial abletrend lease or buy asctrend 3.5 (indicator packages for tradestation users)abletrend mobile wintick (15-min delayed signals)abletrend portfolio performance (app) abledata software maintenance (for permanent users)downloadsabletrend 8.0 abletrend addon for ninjatrader 8 abletrend addon for esignal abletrend mobile asctrend 3.5 (for tradestation users)wintick mobile about uscontactmember 
blogs


wintick






 











award-winning trading signal
real-time and intraday signals that work for all markets





  only abletrend has won stocks & commodities magazine readers' choice awards of triple* trading systems for 29 years in a row (1997 - 2025).
*including stock trading systems, futures trading systems & option trading systems

 




trustpilot

 




time tested

            32years
          
1994 - 2025


award

            29years
          
1997 - 2025




simple

buy on bluesell on red

clear & objective


exclusive

            guidancechart
          
filters out no trade zones





 






today's trading signals





stock /
            e-mini /
            futures
            newest hot charts updated daily
          







this week's webinar






            free live interactive webinar or on demand archives
          







abletrend signals in progress





buy the dip or exit








 videos
              






 introduction of abletrend


 how abletrend trading pltr








                about ablesys software
              





            award-winning, time tested, reliable, accurate, trusted, and profitable.
          






          see all features
        



          30-day trial
        



          day trading
        



            swing trading
          




 




ablesys free mini-course for traders and investorsthe blueprint for trading success (limited offer)
 



trustpilot




    award-winning trading software system
real-time and intraday signals that work for all markets





 see recent abletrend signals
        stocks | e-mini | index | futures 
 blogs


 







  only abletrend has won stocks & commodities magazine readers' choice awards of triple* trading systems for 29 years in a row (1997 - 2025).
*including stock trading systems, futures trading systems & option trading systems

 


            data feeds
          



abledata
ablesys_eod
$0 trades

all data







 



how abletrend autoscan works with wintick stock picks

(pdf)

 





 chart library
            


 stock trading software buyer's guide


 a case study of market panics


 your best defense in today's volatile stock market




            trading styles
          


day trading
swing trading
position trading 




            markets
          


stock trading
futures trading
e-mini trading
stock picking







 introduction of abletrend

 market challenges
 spot exponential stocks at their launch point
comparisons of abletrend and wintick
how to find sweet-spot stocks and catch the big trends with managed risks?

walk through the market footsteps with abletrend (wtmf)
differentiate retracements from reversals 
(pdf)



abletrend actions in crisis time
is 80% accuracy true?
faqs: winning rate, data feeds, stm, etc.
three keys to a winning system

brochure for stock traders







app (abletrend portfolio performance) tracking
app tracking




            ablesys signals for top stock picks
          





ablesys signals in the vicinity of market crisis
market crises





            ablesys products
          





 

















3rd parties


trustpilot



 


















 



risk disclosure: futures and options trading contains substantial risk and is not for every investor. an investor could potentially lose all or more than the initial investment. risk capital is money that can be lost without jeopardizing one's financial security or lifestyle. only risk capital should be used for trading and only those with sufficient risk capital should consider trading. past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.
hypothetical performance disclosure: hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are described below. no representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown; in fact, there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and the actual results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program. one of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of hindsight. in addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk, and no hypothetical trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk of actual trading. for example, the ability to withstand losses or to adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect actual trading results. there are numerous other factors related to the markets in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all which can adversely affect trading results.
testimonial disclosure: testimonials appearing on this website may not be representative of the experience of other clients or customers and is not a guarantee of future performance or success.
 

    © copyright 1995-2025 ablesys corporation. all rights reserved.
    privacy statement
    address: 35111f newark blvd. suite 506, newark, ca 94560
  






 


