


plymouth music accord | young musicians | orchestras choirs - plymouth music accord


































skip to main content









go













plymouth music accord


 search
 search











go













menu










home


about the accord


support programmes


concert listings


membership


news




home


about the accord


support programmes


concert listings


membership


news


























 
 
 
 









working for music around plymouth and encouraging young people to develop an interest in music
plymouth music accord supports the appreciation and performance of music around plymouth for the benefit of all and the young in particular. we represent most local orchestras, choirs, ensembles and venues and help promote their interests, activities and events.
much of our work is aimed at young people, from primary school children through to aspiring young musicians. find out more via the categories below:
 















championing live music in plymouth
as well as promoting the concerts run by our member organisations, pma also co-operates in the publication of an online concert  diary www.plyclassical.co.uk which lists most local classical, choral, jazz and folk events.around plymouth in music and pictures, a book and cd, including 14 pieces of music with links to the city, is on sale and can be ordered here

the 14 mp3 tracks are all accessible online from a link shown in the book!













inspiring young people to enjoy and to make music
"our dream is that every child should have access to music" julian lloyd webber, pma president.involvement in music is shown to benefit young people's learning. "all children should have the opportunity to enjoy music, learn a musical instrument and sing" national curriculumpma funds activities for children from primary schools through to those aiming for a career in music, includingthe concert experience  funding tickets to enable school children to experience live music events.
the tuition project supporting group tuition in secondary schools that could not otherwise be afforded.













developing skills and experience
internships that enable more advanced young musicians to experience rehearsing and performing with an established orchestra, band or choir, withprofessional musicians and conductors.
young musicians' platform - professional opportunities that give advanced musicians a helping hand into the profession by facilitating a first public performance, helping with the purchase of professional standardinstruments or supporting other needs.
 




















join the pma and help promote and develop music in and around plymouth
become an individual member (annual or life membership) or join us as an organisation member. we will keep you updated with local events by member organisations which we help to publicise.
learn more
 
 






















 
we are proud and delighted to have julian lloyd webber obe as president of plymouth music accord. after a stellar career as internationally famous cellist and recording artist, julian was until recently principal of the birmingham conservatoire.
he is very active in promoting musical education in schools and is founder of the british government's in harmony programme, encouraging community development through music in some of england's most deprived areas.
"our dream is that every child should have access to music"julian lloyd webber












contact the plymouth music accord
for general enquiries please contact the secretary:roger viles14 kingsland gardens closeplymouth pl3 5nrtel: 01752 262668e-mail: roger.viles@ic24.net
please see our privacy policy
for specific functions please see our contact list


















reg. charity. no. 1073165


voice online communities - leave feedback -
terms -
privacy -
cookies
















