

how can you lead masons away from the masonic lodge?










 







     







 
 
      
       




    how can you lead masons away
    from the masonic lodge?


why would you want to lead masons away from the masonic lodge?

freemasonry has  a false plan of salvation and
        another savior. 
the god of freemasonry is not the
        god of the bible. 

how do we know these things to be true?

we have numerous masonic documents which prove it. 
the testimony of men who have left the lodge to follow jesus

how can you effectively witness to a mason?
how you proceed depends on whether or not the man is a christian.

leading a christian away from the lodge
leading a non-christian away from the lodge

 
freemasonry and the church

the impact of freemasonry on the church

an open letter to a masonic church




a church which knowingly condones participation in masonic rituals which
        teach salvation on the basis of another savior.  




the myth of the christian lodge




many masons claim they they are members of a "christian
          lodge."  at least one major christian denomination attempts
          to promote this myth because they have so many masons in membership
          and leadership positions.







should the church disfellowship persistent
        freemasons?  

freemasonry is a litmus test

polls, politicians & preachers: the sad state of america

 a hill on which to die: freemasonry and the sbc

what would jesus do?

why would a pastor condone, or defend
        freemasonry?

a paper on the ex-masons for jesus website.)






ministry to masons (mtm)
        conferences
on-line catalog

video recordings on dvd from previous
        mtm conferences

 
do masons know of the masonic plan of salvation?
you may have been told that a man has to go through the higher degrees
    (the york rite or scottish rite) in order to know the truth about freemasonry. many have
    heard the phrase, "he doesn't know what he is involved in."  but, is that
    really true?  the average mason is of average intelligence; he is not stupid. 
    is it a fair estimation of his mental abilities to believe he understands nothing? 
    less than 40% of masons have been through any of the higher degrees.  if we are going
    to be effective in leading the majority of men away from the lodge, shouldn't we
    concentrate on what they have personally experienced?  how much do they really know?
over the years, thousands of men have left the lodge to follow jesus
    christ.   many fell under conviction simply by listening to the teachings contained
    in masonic ritual.  others left the lodge after they talked with someone who knew the
    facts.  once the key issues are pointed out, a man has to decide whether he is a
    christian, or a mason.  christian masons who consider the facts, decide that they can
    no longer remain a mason, because they are christians.  there is an organization of
    men who have left the lodge to follow jesus christ. they are known as ex-masons for jesus.

 messages to christian masons

who is hiram abiff?



was hiram resurrected, or reburied?  what do the grand lodges
          actually teach in the monitors and ritual?  what do the grand
          lodges say was done with hiram's ashes?
who does freemasonry refer to as the lion of the tribe of judah?
what is the masonic understanding of the words savior, mediator,
          messiah, and redeemer?



looking at the lodge through christian glasses



do you fully understand the inclusive nature of the masonic
          god?  do you think that the god of freemasonry is really the god
          of the bible?  are you filtering what you see through christian
          glasses? 



an open letter to a christian mason
        
 







content on this web 
		site copyright 1996-2016 ephesians 5:11, inc. 
		republication of our content on another web site is prohibited.
        






