






 



home - hayward area chamber of commerce - explore hayward, wisconsin - sawyer, county




















































































 







 







skip to content



call us! (715) 634-8662
facebook page opens in new windowinstagram page opens in new windowmail page opens in new windowcontact 




hayward, wi

66°
cloudy


hayward, wi weather forecast ▸




search:










hayward area chamber of commerce – explore hayward, wisconsin – sawyer, county


staycampgrounds hotel & motel resorts & cabins vacation homes & condos  dineamerican bakery, cafe, & deli bar & grill fast food food trucks italian mexican sweets & treats upscale dining winery  shopantiques & thrift stores art atv & utv sales automotive biking clothing computers & telecommunications construction fishing footwear grocery & markets health & beauty interior design & home decor kids landscaping marine recreation rentals snowmobile sales snow skiing wholesale all retail shop & dine  eventscalendar of events musky festival presented by adventure rv & powersports fall festival presented by northern lakes cooperative annual membership awards dinner hayward holiday raffle  adventurewinter fun ideas attractions outdoor report golfing atving & side-by-sides snowmobiling fishing biking hiking paddling top things to do with kids arts & theatre sports and fitness nordic skiing water sports  business directorymembership board and staff businesses and organizations chamber dollars up north happenings  about the areajobs volunteer relocation area links area maps trail maps area web cams area churches  



 
staycampgrounds hotel & motel resorts & cabins vacation homes & condos  dineamerican bakery, cafe, & deli bar & grill fast food food trucks italian mexican sweets & treats upscale dining winery  shopantiques & thrift stores art atv & utv sales automotive biking clothing computers & telecommunications construction fishing footwear grocery & markets health & beauty interior design & home decor kids landscaping marine recreation rentals snowmobile sales snow skiing wholesale all retail shop & dine  eventscalendar of events musky festival presented by adventure rv & powersports fall festival presented by northern lakes cooperative annual membership awards dinner hayward holiday raffle  adventurewinter fun ideas attractions outdoor report golfing atving & side-by-sides snowmobiling fishing biking hiking paddling top things to do with kids arts & theatre sports and fitness nordic skiing water sports  business directorymembership board and staff businesses and organizations chamber dollars up north happenings  about the areajobs volunteer relocation area links area maps trail maps area web cams area churches  










 



 



 



 



 



 































































think local first
to view area job openings, please visit our online job board.
click here to view our member business directory.





explore hayward
there’s no time like the present to explore one of the midwest’s most popular vacation and relocation destinations. check out our online calendar of events today and start planning your fun in the hayward area.
with crystal clear lakes for water sports and fishing, a national park flowing through our city, and miles of trails for riding snowmobiles, atvs, cross country skiing, hiking, and road or off-road bicycling, this area is buzzing with activity year-round. the hayward, wisconsin area also has a unique selection of golf courses that will make a memory for any skill level golfer!
world class events
from the 858,400 acre chequamegon national forest and historic hayward lakes area fishing waters, to north america’s largest honor the earth pow wow, or our annual musky festival, the chequamegon fat tire festival, the world-renowned american birkebeiner cross country ski race, and of course, the annual lumberjack world championships. the hayward area has something for everyone.


dinesomething for every taste, fresh,
fun, and family friendly.stayrustic charm with modern comforts,
close to all the fun!shopso much to explore! it’s retail
therapy, northwoods style.eventsparticipate in world-class events,
or come enjoy the spectacle!attractionsmagical memories that transform
into family traditions.business directorydiscover products and services with
that friendly hometown touch.


upcoming events





after the fishing is done
catch your limit of fun!
after enjoying one of the most popular sports in the north-woods there is still plenty do. there are numerous options for the area’s famous “friday night fish fry” served weekly at area restaurants. for those who can’t get enough fish, check out the fresh water fishing hall of fame and museum. this jaw-dropping 143-foot-long, 41-foot-tall musky is full of fishing history and memorabilia.







shop the hayward area
distinctively different
boutiques, antiques, or sweet treats… your visit isn’t complete without a treasure from the hayward lakes area.
the hayward area offers an eclectic mix of goods and services that are sure to appeal to any member of your traveling crew! along with souvenir and t-shirt shops, expect to find antiques and flea market treasures, fine jewelry, native american arts and crafts, and leather goods. you’ll also find home and garden furnishings, accessories, art, and decor, as well as books, novelty items and clothing for adults and kids alike. and being in the northwoods, don’t forget about spots to shop for the outdoor recreation lover, fishing enthusiast and sportsman (or woman!) in your life. if it’s market items you’re after, there are options to shop local and get fresh products, too. vacation time is the best time to make sure you’re taking care of yourself and there are many services available for some pampering and self-care. as you’re checking off your shopping list before you head home, there’s always time to stop for a sweet treat for you or that last person on your list!





up north on instagram



	loading...



 
















contact infohayward area chamber
of commerce
p.o. box 726
15805 us hwy 63
hayward, wi 54843

phone: (715) 634-8662
info@haywardareachamber.com

hours of operation
middle oct-april: monday-friday 9 to 5
may-middle oct: monday-saturday 9 to 5
  
area weatherhayward weather

live cam

location



 







© 2022 hayward area chamber of commerce | all rights reserved | member login | website by ccs, inc.








go to top


























































































