






council of educators for students with disabilities, inc. – quality disability law training for public schools




















































 




 


















skip to content
























what can cesd do for you today?  pick a page. 
cesd homelearn the section 504 basics2024 texas dyslexia conference2024 fall southwest section 504 conferencecustomized livestream presentationscesd video librarysection 504 formsjose martíndavid richardsprivacy policy








 















profile of two people







23rd annual texas dyslexia conference
live: october 14-15, 2024
virtual: october 28, 2024 - february 28, 2025








click here to learn more



















28th annual fall southwest section 504 conference
live: november 18-19, 2024
virtual: december 2, 2024 - march 31, 2025







click here to learn more












tablet







section 504 & idea training your way.
invite dave richards or jose martin to provide customized training for your school, district or state. select in person,  live virtual or recorded training, it's your choice!








click here to learn more













tools for learning








learn the section 504 basics
 presentation materials, videos, and links to important guidance from the u.s. department of education's office for civil rights (ocr)







click here to learn more


















cesd provides child-centered disability law training for public schools.






the primary role of the council of educators is to provide public educators with quality training events on disability law issues. each fall, we hold a conference on section 504 and a dyslexia conference addressing the texas dyslexia law. both of these 2024 events will be held virtually and in person at the doubletree hotel austin.






both 2024 cesd conferences are hybrid:  choose to attend in person at the doubletree by hilton austin or attend virtually from anywhere. either way, you get the best of both worlds.













































when conference time rolls around in the fall, we look forward to seeing in person or virtually. it's entirely up to you.






if you have never attended a cesd conference, you’ve missed a lot. speakers are chosen from attorneys and practitioners who know their stuff (and can entertain as well as inform). this year the fall 504 conference and the dyslexia conference will be held at the doubletree austin.  both events will be available virtually during a lengthy conference window beginning two weeks following in-person conference.






want training entirely personalized for you and your colleagues?  we can do that.






we've created a variety of solutions for you and your colleagues. go to the online training page for information on our customized, livestream distance learning for your staff, wherever they might be. we can provide training on site, virtually or utilizing pre-recorded sessions on your school, district or state's issues and concerns.









 











































































 



























