



selah publishing co. - selah helps successful church musicians
















 
					



site navigation











 
					



					 




 
					








					
					 
					
					
					

site navigation









 
								


"the music of the church must be expressive. the passions of opera are cold in comparison to those of our church music."
--j. bonnet, histoire de la musique, 1725 









selah publishing co. has helped thousands of church musicians in our 23 years in business and become a well-respected publisher of quality church music for congregations, choirs, and church musicians. we can help you too.
											call us at 800-852-6172 (u.s. and canada)







 selah now has a rapidly growing online database of its hymns. find just what you need for any of your worship services. visit our hymn search page now!





















selah songs of rejoicing
															the newest hymns your congregation should be singing. selah has been at the cutting edge of hymnody since 1989, and still is.











for us the living: a requiem by alfred v. fedak

"extremely useful and accessible work for church, college, and community choirs" --choral journal, june/july 2009






the best church music programs are signed up for our 
														so they always have the newest publications from selah. sign up here.























													sign up now!
enter your email to join selah's occasional church music news today!








*
email: 

 












format: 




html



text



unspecified



 



























three sketches - craig phillips (ago 2012 commissioned work)











come, creator spirit
															fedak plays many of his organ compositions.




















click here to download this free e-book that is the result of 750+ years of experience.






selah's catalog contains works by an impressive list of authors and composers, such as
											alfred v. fedak
												hal hopson
											richard leach
											austin lovelace
											joel martinson
											alice parker
											thom pavlechko
											craig phillips
											richard proulx
											william p. rowandavid ashley white
& rae e. whitney.











 
					

your comments and suggestions are always welcome. 
						please e-mail us your thoughts.

home
what's new | music in worship | about selah | composers & authors 
licensing | customer service | ordering | legal stuff
children | choral | congregational song | handbell | instrumental | 
organ/keyboard | video | vocal solo
©  selah publishing co., inc., pittsburgh, pa., 15227.




