








a better future transformed by transportation technology and innovation. - its america




































 








 

 




				skip to content			



 its america








toggle primary navigation


about us

about its america
who we are
its america staff directory


advocacy & policy

advocacy materials
its technology use case library
policy platforms
iija implementation


education and events

meetings and events calendar
webinars
itsa academy
itsa – reversal pitch
its america events – conference & expo, its world congress


membership

the value of membership
join now
its america state chapters
itsa career center


news

newsroom


standing committees

standing committee overview
automated vehicles
digital infrastructure
emerging technologies
v2x/connected transportation
communities of practice overview


myitsa
sign up for our mailing list
contact us
 




			search for:		










			search for:		












a better future transformed by transportation technology and innovation.
safe. smart. connected.

about us







top priorities









a blueprint for transportation technology

fact sheet
its america technology blueprint
download










coming up
see all events






events




2026 world cup solutions reverse pitch



march 12, 2025online submissions duethe 2026 fifa world cup will bring millions of visitors to 11 u.s. regions. the challenge? keeping cities moving—efficiently, safely, and… read more 






events




its america 2025 policy summit



march 26-27, 2025washington, dc read more 





conferences




2025 its world congress



august 24-28, 2025atlanta, georgiajoin us in atlanta, georgia for its world congress 2025, the global event that brings together world leaders, practitioners, policy makers, researchers, and private industry to advance and unite the intelligent transportation systems (its)… read more 








latest news

see all news










statements & press releases




fcc releases second 5.9ghz report and order



november 22, 2024washington, d.c. november 22, 2024 – yesterday, the federal communications commission (fcc) adopted the second report and order regarding the 5.9 ghz band, a critical step in enabling widespread deployment of vehicle-to-everything… read more 







its america in the news




united states department of transportation releases seminal plan for nationwide v2x deployment



august 16, 2024washington, d.c. – today, the united states department of transportation (usdot) released a bold vision for the scaled, nationwide deployment of vehicle-to-everything (v2x) technologies, outlining a clear and attainable roadmap for the… read more 







its america in the news




ai decoded



june 25, 2024its america’s ai decoded provides an in-depth exploration of the branches of artificial intelligence (ai) and their impact on the transportation industry. this document covers widely used ai models and their specific applications, including machine learning (ml), neural networks, deep learning, computer vision, and  generative ai. read more 







its america in the news




the intelligent transportation society of america joins u.s. department of transportation in salt lake city for announcement of v2x accelerator grants



june 20, 2024washington, d.c. – today, in salt lake city, the u.s. department of transportation (usdot) unveiled its highly anticipated v2x accelerator awardees at a press event and panel discussion. intelligent transportation society of america (its… read more 







its america in the news




try different: the road to digital infrastructure



may 16, 2024written by: scott marler, executive director, iowa dot and its america digital infrastructure committee co-chairkurtis mcbride, co-founder/ceo, miovision and its america digital infrastructure committee… read more 


















latest advocacy materials

see all advocacy materials










other materials




a blueprint for transportation technology
delivering safe, efficient, and resilient transportation




january 16, 2025as the nation’s leading advocate for the technological modernization of our transportation system, its america calls on policymakers and industry leaders to reimagine our understanding of transportation infrastructure to one which… read more 







white papers




its america digital twinning decoded



january 9, 2025the intelligent transportation society of america (its america) has developed this white paper, digital twinning decoded, to explain the concept of digital twinning in a practical, nontechnical way for transportation practitioners and non-practitioners alike. digital twinning represents a substantial shift in our ability to simulate the world around us, going well beyond digital modeling.  read more 







other materials




electrification options and a transition to a sustainable future



december 19, 2024this paper outlines the shift towards an electrified transportation ecosystem, advocating for a balanced and sustainable approach amidst evolving policy landscapes and technological developments. authored by the intelligent transportation society of america (its america) sustainability community of practice, the paper establishes the rationale for advancing electrification in the u.s. and addresses the challenges and opportunities facing the transition to electrified transportation. read more 







white papers




hydrogen in transportation issue brief



november 20, 2024hydrogen has unique capabilities to power our transportation system toward a greener future, and its america members are developing and deploying solutions using hydrogen to power a cleaner transportation system across the country. this paper looks at the potential for hydrogen to be a game-changer for surface transportation, particularly emphasizing its application in commercial and public fleets, from heavy-duty trucks to lighter vehicles, and its potential to support the mission of a smarter, greener future that improves mobility options and environmental outcomes for all. read more 







other materials




long innovative corridors spanning multiple states panel brief



november 13, 2024on august 5th, 2024, its america’s av freight working group held a panel discussion centered around the creation of multi-state intelligent corridors supporting vehicle-to-everything communication and their impact on freight movement. the panelists emphasized the importance of addressing connectivity gaps in major corridors and deploying a variety of technologies to enhance corridor efficiency.  read more 



















let’s transform the future together.
technology evolves faster than we can imagine the future. rapidly evolving transportation innovations are being developed and deployed that promise to entirely reshape the way our transportation network operates, facilitating vast improvements to transportation safety and overall mobility. the promise of these innovations is apparent, but the deployment and application of these technologies is not without challenges. while technology disrupts the transportation ecosystem with new innovations and ideas, government, communities, private companies, and researchers must race to catch up to and contend with ideas never thought possible. how do we accelerate change and safely embrace new technology while promoting collaboration across industry to advance shared societal goals? through nonprofits like the intelligent transportation society of america (its america).
its america and its members have been at the center of these innovations, advocating for the future of transportation to be safe, smart, and connected.
join us.

become a member









as advocates for transportation innovation throughout the world’s largest transportation network, its america’s public, private and academic members are dedicated to championing smart mobility strategies to ensure safe and thriving communities.ramin massoumi, global solutions director – mobility, arcadis
 


private companies, public agencies and academic institutions committed to influencing the future of intelligent transportation come together at its america. every day, our members advance technology solutions that save lives and improve mobility across the country – in cities, suburbs, and rural communities.malcolm dougherty, national practice executive, transportation, michael baker international
 


at its america, our public, private and academic sector members are committed to deploying intelligent transportation technologies to save lives and improve mobility on our nation’s roads. while transportation constantly evolves, we will do all we can to ensure it continues to be the engine that drives our nation’s economy and contributes to improving our quality of life.carlos braceras, director, utah department of transportation
 










2025 its america corporate partners


corporate partner

corporate collaborator














contact us 1100 new jersey ave se
suite 850
washington, dc 20003
info@itsa.org
202-484-4847

 




 

learnadvocacy materials
policy platforms
webinars
its america state chapters
sign up for our mailing list
 

advocatebecome a member
automated vehicles
mobility on demand
digital infrastructure
v2x/connected transportation
 

attendmeetings and events calendar
its america events
 

 © 2024 its america

terms & conditions
privacy policy
careers
 








we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. you can find out more about which cookies we are using in our privacy policy.


accept

 

























close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 









 

