



	employee personal page warning






skip to main content










my epp


home
help








warning
you are accessing a u.s. government information system, which includes (1) this computer, (2) this computer network, (3) all computers connected to this network, and (4) all devices and storage media attached to this network or to a computer on this network. this information system is provided for u.s. government-authorized use only.
unauthorized or improper use of this system may result in disciplinary action, as well as civil and criminal penalties.
by using this information system, you understand and consent to the following:

you have no reasonable expectation of privacy regarding any communications or data transiting or stored on this information system. at any time, the government may for any lawful government purpose monitor, intercept, search and seize any communication or data transiting or stored on this information system.
any communications or data transiting or stored on this information system may be disclosed or used for any lawful government purpose.
your consent is final and irrevocable. you may not rely on any statements or informal policies purporting to provide you with any expectation of privacy regarding communications on this system, whether oral or written, by your supervisor or any other official, except usda’s chief information officer.

 terms and conditions for use:

        to use this site, you must adhere to all requirements for access.  unauthorized use of this site and/or our systems, including but not limited to misuse of any information posted on the site or unauthorized entry into any of our systems is strictly prohibited.  in addition, you may not either directly or through the use of any device, software, internet site, web-based service, or other means incorporate the content on this site into, or stream or retransmit the content via any hardware or software application or make it available via frames or in-line links.
        

i agree








nfc web site
accessibility
privacy policy
information quality
usda
usa.gov
whitehouse.gov




