









home - vocalessence








































































			vocalessence		




menu



who we areabout vocalessenceperforming ensemblesstaffcollaboratorsboard of directorsvocalessence ¡cantaré! advisory councilvocalessence witness advisory counciladvancing inclusion, access, and equitywhat we dowhy sing?concerts and eventscelebrating black excellencemusical moments with philip brunellelearning and engagement programscontests and awardscommissioning and recordingaccessibilitystories & results#vesotashareshopecovid-19 updatesgps & friendsinclusion access and equitymusical momentsperforming ensemblesschools & educationtake 5 with gpstogether we singget involveddonatebridge to the future campaignengage a choirsing with usjoin the boardvolunteerwork at vocalessence 

loginon demandbuy ticketsdonate

search













search for...




more...















vocalessence witness: eyes still on the prize
continue the legacy of the civil rights movement—lift your voice and join the fight for freedom.
buy tickets 





vocalessence companion tour summer 2025
experience world-class choral music, historic sites, breathtaking performances, and make lifelong memories.
 reserve your spot today! 





learn more and get tickets 
read more...





support vocalessence
help us fulfill our mission to draw upon the power of singing together to nurture community, inspire creativity, affirm the value of all persons, and expand the influence of choral music. 
give today 
read more...


previous
next

1
2
3
4



home






vintage voices make joyful noise
vocalessence vintage voices were featured in the latest edition of plymouth magazine. click the link below to read the article.
read article

vintage voices make joyful noise



ensemble singers visit umd
earlier this fall the vocalessence ensemble singers traveled to the university of minnesota duluth to present a masterclass and a concert. click the link below to read more about this incredible experience.

read more

ensemble singers visit umd

upcoming events »
 

jun 24, 2024–may 24

vocalessence 2024-2025 season



feb 23

concert: witness: eyes still on the prize



apr 4

concert: voices for a cathedral



apr 6

concert: sacred voices



may 3

concert: philip’s favorites ii, may 3



see all events...


 




about usabout vocalessencepress roomannual reportfinancial informationstaffboard of directorsvocalessence covid protocolsget involveddonatesing with usvolunteerwork at vocalessenceconnectemail sign upcontact us/locationchorus connectionvocalessence board login



vocalessence1900 nicollet avenue, 
minneapolis, mn 55403phone: 612-547-1451fax: 612-547-1484info@vocalessence.org 
facebookyoutubeinstagram
privacy policy

copyright
©
2025 vocalessence.
all rights reserved.



https://www.vocalessence.org




this website uses cookies for necessary functions and to enhance your browsing experience.

accept & continue
 









