






the national botanic gardens of ireland


































home
visit glasnevin

plan your visit

opening hours
how to find us
the garden tearoom
audioguides


what’s on

calendar
tours
exhibitions


what to see

glasshouses
garden features
vr garden walks
our plants


about

role
history
twelve portraits
notable irish botanists


education

schools

resources for schools: tree journal activity pack


adult and community
the college of amenity horticulture




visit kilmacurragh

plan your visit

opening hours
how to find us
acton café


what’s on

calendar
tours


about

history
sale and restoration




science and learning

the flora of ireland

the flora of ireland
threatened plants in ireland
irish flora records
the irish botany news blog


collections

the living collections
the national herbarium
the library
the library – online exhibitions
the economic botany collection
dbn plant molecular laboratory
index seminum


research

meet the team
projects


resources

bibliography of the irish flora
bibliographies by county
glasra journal archive
irish topographical botany




 





select page


  
 



 



 














 
ireland's premier scientific institution for botany









 
come and enjoy our events, talks, and exhibitions









 
learn about our plants and specimens









 
researchers are welcome at our historic archives










welcome to the national botanic gardens
the national botanic gardens glasnevin are currently open for winter hours, from 9.00am to 4.30pm on weekdays and 10am to 4.30pm on saturdays, sundays, and bank holidays.
the gardens at kilmacurragh are open 9.00am to 5.00pm daily (last entry 4.30pm). 
the gardens at both glasnevin and kilmacurragh are open every day throughout the year, except 25th december (christmas day). there is no admission fee to walk and explore.
the national botanic gardens of ireland are an oasis of calm and beauty, and entry is free. a premier scientific institution, the gardens contain important collections of plant species and cultivars from all over the world. the national botanic gardens in dublin are located in glasnevin, just three kilometres from dublin city centre, and are famous for the exquisitely restored historic glasshouses. the national botanic gardens in wicklow are located in kilmacurragh, where the milder climate, higher rainfall, and deeper, acidic soils of this historic wicklow garden, provide a counterpoint to the collections at glasnevin. the two gardens have been closely associated since 1854. the national botanic gardens of ireland are operated and managed by the office of public works.
please note that the usual rules apply: no dogs (except guide dogs), no ball games, picnics, sports, bicycles, tricycles, scooters, skateboards, roller skates, micro-scooters, balance bikes and other vehicles (except wheelchairs).




calendar
please click here for our calendar of events.





opening hours
for glasnevin »
for kilmacurragh »

tours
at glasnevin »
at kilmacurragh »
 
visitor centre reception
please use the visitor centre phone number or email to enquire about all events, educational, or accessibility queries:
+353 1 804 0319 botanicgardens@opw.ie






the botanic gardens blog
read the latest posts below, and click through to the full blog for all news articles and updates.







national tree week events at glasnevin

tree council of ireland tree week events at the national botanic gardens, glasnevin saturday 8th march - sunday 16th march   saturday 8th march, 11.00am public lecture: trees in ireland - some distinguished natives and honoured guests, mary forrest organised with...





the gardens will be closed on friday january 24th due to storm éowyn

dúnfar na gairdíní dé haoine 24 eanair mar gheall ar stoirm éowyn. déanfaimid ár gcuid bealaí meán sóisialta a nuashonrú le faisnéis faoi amanna athoscailte dé sathairn agus dé domhnaigh. the gardens will be closed on friday january 24th due to storm éowyn. we will...





reimagining ireland’s bogs: panel discussion and exhibition launch

reimagining ireland's bogs: panel discussion and exhibition launch saturday, february 1st at 2:00 pm this panel discussion is free to attend and takes places in the national botanic gardens visitor centre auditorium. booking on eventbrite.ie. bogs and peatlands have...












 








 national botanic gardens
glasnevin
dublin 9
ireland
d09 vy63
botanicgardens@opw.ie
+353 1 804 0300


















 



faq
contact us
privacy policy
sitemap
 






facebook




x




instagram


© the office of public works 
































