



mountsthelens.com information resource center & visitor guide














 


.






.



welcometo mountst. helens 
bigfoot sighted?click here for more photos!  be sure to check out our ape cave section ! 
welcome to mountsthelens.com , the information resource center and visitor guide for mount st. helens.johnston ridge observatory and the mt. st. helens forest learning center - elk viewing, gift store and rest area are all open for the 2019 season (may 18)  !for visitor services call 360-274-7750.   the 30+ year-old mt. st. helens visitor center at milepost 5 is also open if you have time on the way down, i would save it for last ($3/person).   not sure what to see ?  its easy - stop at m.p. 33 at the mount st. helens forest learning center ( free admission !) for great exhibits and cool shopping - and a great mt. st. helens adventure for the whole family.   for the highlight of your mount st. helens vacation adventure go to the road end (52 miles from i-5) at johnston ridge observatory for the photo-op of the day and watch the short movie there.  its $8/person to go in the visitor center but believe  me - it's worth it and your contribution helps maintain the monument.   take a virtual drive up the highway right now starting at the mount st. helens forest learning center.  thank you for your visit to our mt. st. helens visitor travel guide and vacation planner - your source for mt. st. helens visitor information.   how cool is the view?  coming from seattle ? take i-5 toledo exit 63 shortcut to hwy 504 via hwy 505 and save 12 miles !   go green. 
 



shop online !






mt. st. helens giftshopjewelry, glass art, huckleberry gifts ashware, ornaments, souvenirs, dvd's, emerald obsidianite, bigfoot items, framed prints and more...www.mt-st-helens.com



 


mt. st. helens road conditionsmount st. helens video clipsinter-activevirtual road tourstarting at mt. st helens forest learning centermount st. helens national park ?local weather



thinking about hiking or climbing mount st. helens?  check out our mt. st. helens hiking and climbing page and see a 360 degree view from the crater rim!  our mt. st. helens map section and interactive mt. st. helens satellite view will get you there.  keep up on all the latest happenings at mount st. helens on twitter or our rss news feed   share your photos, and comments on mt. st. helens facebook pagebe sure to check out the mount st. helens video page on our site.  it provides you a great look at visitors hiking, climbing, touring, photographing, and enjoying mount st. helens along with great historical footage and eruption videos.   drop us an email with a link to your mount st. helens youtube.com video and if we really like it we may add your video to our video page.   our mt. st. helens photography information page provides some great eruption shots and tips on where to get the best photos and our photo gallery has many unique pics.  this is a starting point to discover mt. st. helens !mount st. helens history buffs: think you know everything about mt. st. helens ?  check out our new mount st. helens history section detailing: mt. st. helens historical eruptions, native american history, volcano reawakening, mt. st. helens climatic eruption, mt. st. helen debris avalanche, mt. st. helens lateral blast, ash eruption & fallout, mt. st. helens pyroclastic flows, mud flows & floods, catastrophic first minute, mt. st. helens impact & aftermath,  subsequent activity, future behavior, continuing volcanic hazards, scientists challenge & opportunity, mt. st. helens latest eruptive activity and dome growth and more.  lots of photos included.where to stay:  if you are considering hotel and motel lodging reservations we have put together a mt. st. helens motel & lodging guide and mount st. helens camping & rv park information section.   if you are searching for where to stay at mt. st. helens, or castle rock, wa or kelso, wa  this is the place to look.   for places to eat while here see our mount st. helens restaurant guide.thank you again for your visit to our mt. st. helens visitor travel guide and vacation planner.  enjoy your visit to the mount st. helen national volcanic monument.  while in washington, stop and see nearby mount rainier national park - just 90 minutes north of mount st. helens.  check out our rainier visitor guide and travel planner.more cool stuff:mount st. helens on twittermount st. helens on hubpagesmount st. helens on squidoomount st. helens poemmt st helens national park is actually a national monument but that may change soon.  go here for all the details.blast zone: the blast zone area starts at hoffstadt creek bridge a couple miles before the forest learning center.  this is the start of the monument area.about us:  this online mount st. helens visitor guide was originally created by candy richey, an accomplished newspaper owner who started this site in 1990.   i took over management of the site several years ago to build on her great tradition of providing an information resource for our visitors while helping promote local businesses.   i've been hiking, fishing, hunting, camping, photographing, 4-wheeling, snowmobiling, and otherwise enjoying the mount st. helens area since long before the eruption in 1980.  i've been involved in mt. st. helens tourism for the past 18 years.  i hope you enjoy the site.  i welcome your input.    for information on the current  usfs eruption status of mount st. helens visit:www.fs.fed.us/gpnf/recreation/current-conditions/special.shtml and for usgs news updates seehttp://vulcan.wr.usgs.gov/news/framework.html and for more usgs scientific info on the volcano see http://vulcan.wr.usgs.gov/volcanoes/msh/eruption04/most photos on this site are owned by mountsthelens.com unless otherwise noted.  you are welcome to use them only when accompanied by a suitable link to www.mountsthelens.comemail me for more info.  (c) 2019 mount st. helens discovery llc.  http://www.aboutus.org/mountsthelens.commountsthelens.com tag cloud 
 


mount st. helens forest learning center






volcanocam



 "mount helens spelling ?"indians of the northwest  called mount st. helens "louwala-clough," or "smoking mountain." the modern name, mount st. helens, was given to the volcanic peak in 1792 by captain george vancouver of the british royal navy. he named it in honor of a fellow countryman, alleyne fitzherbert, who held the title baron st. helens.for more mount st. helens history and fun facts about mt st. helensworlds top 10 volcanoesmake your next vacation adventure a travel trip to see mount st. helens national volcanic monument !  its awesome!rv travelers: here's a way to make your trip even better: upgrade your rv by adding a memory foam mattress topper on sale here. 
volcanocamera.com 
mt. st. helens:.•  visitor centers•  zipline adventure•  gifts & souvenirs•  volcanocam•  restaurants•  recreation•  hiking / climbing•  lodging / motels•  camping / rv parks•  fuel & supplies•  maps•  satellite map•  360° crater view•  photography•  videos•  community•  real estate•  students - schools•  travel links•  fun facts - history•  volcano news•  helicopter tour•  photo gallery•  ape caves•  mount rainiercool aerial photo 



volcano news






mount st. helens climbing per..  climbing permits for the 2009 go .....putting super volcano into per..if it were to massively erupt it cou...forest learning center elk view..elk viewing at the center year-roundmsh institute offers look at vol...volcanic secrets through field semin




mountsthelens.com
motels
motel & lodging guide
restaurant
ape cave
mt. st. helens giftshop
hotels
road conditions
rainier visitor guide
where to stay
forest learning center
rss
camping & rv park
volcanocam
news feed
climbing
visitor centers
cool shopping
observatory
bigfoot
information
mount st. helens history
photography
satellite view
national park
road conditions
photo gallery
hike
maps
video
air tours
silver lake
helicopter tour
twitter
360 degree view
hubpages
squidoo
weather



 


we have a large elk and deer population in our area - see droptine antler deer photos at  www.droptine.comfor viewing optics check our long range scopes at www.longrangescopes.commt. st. helens vietnam band concert held in clouds at jrodominos makes extreme delivery to mount st. helens !



 


    


don't miss this








voted best exhibits at mount st. helensforest learning centerfree admission






looking for information  on where to stay - mt. st. helens motels & recommended lodging ?click here








