


















criminal law information























criminal law information



legal advice and information relating to the law









































professional attorney on a super lawyers








determining which attorneys are at the top of the profession
and which are closer to the bottom isn't always an easy task. the key to
finding legitimate top rated attorneys is utilizing a service which provides
unbiased ratings and exclusive criteria for rankings and awards. super lawyers
is such a service, and they provide a variety of mechanisms to help individuals
sort through the mess and find a potential attorney for representation.

currently, super lawyers provides two separate award lists
which are offered for dozens of different markets, including statewide lists
and large city, metro area or regional lists.

super lawyers actually has an intensive, patented selection
process to determine their awards and their entire top rated attorneys for
different. the step by step process includes formal and informal nominations,
and research to obtain a candidate pool.

lawyers berges law group, p.a is a boutique
multi-jurisdictional law firm based in south florida. our practice is focused
on consumer rights in state and federal courts, as well as in arbitration
matters.

the strength of our practice encompasses defending our client’s
rights against abusive and illegal practices by debt collectors, creditors, and
credit reporting agencies.

the staff at otto
berges has many years of experience representing people like you, the american
consumer, who are facing a variety of legal issues. our legal network of
lawyers and professional legal assistant will provide expert guidance and
representation. we have dedicated our careers to stand up for your rights and
ensure that the best possible outcome in your legal matter is achieved

in today's online world, where there's a social network or a
user community to find ratings and reviews for just about any type of business
or service, there's no reason to take an unnecessary chance. find one of the
top rated attorneys in your area by utilizing a legitimate service such as
super lawyers to help provide guidance on which attorneys and practices are
worthwhile.






























payday loans laws - know your rights









payday lending laws

due to recent financial reform laws, payday lending laws
have undergone a bit of a facelift lately. while lending businesses are
mandated on a state level, the growing movement to crack down on predatory
lending practices has affected the industry as a whole.

payday loans are currently legal, although regulated in a
total of thirty-five states.  the remaining
fifteen states do not allow payday
loans under their current laws and statutes.  the fifteen states that have banned the
practice include:  arizona, arkansas,
connecticut, georgia, maine, maryland, massachusetts, new hampshire, new
jersey, new york, north carolina, ohio, pennsylvania, vermont, and west
virginia.  the states that allow this
form of lending do impose certain usury limits, as well as place caps on annual
percentage rates (apr).

due to the recent economic problems, some states are now
placing limits on the number of loans (of any types) that a borrower can obtain
at any one time.  this is being enforced
by statewide databases that are updated in real time.  states such as florida, illinois, indiana,
michigan, new mexico, north dakota, oklahoma, south carolina, and virginia have
set up these databases that provide all licensed lenders to verify the eligibility
status of a customer prior to any paperwork being filed.  this system is helping to reduce the risk to
lenders, as well as helping to keep borrowers from getting in over their heads.

in addition to limiting the number of loans that can be
obtained in a certain time period, some states are now setting restrictions on
the number of times loans can be renewed. 
after this number has been reached, lenders must extend the loan to a
longer term and lower the interest rate so the borrower can stop the debt cycle
and pay off what is owed.






























let a criminal defense attorney to fight for you









if you have been charged with a crime, believes criminal
defense attorney to guide you through the next steps. a lawyer can help you to
avoid jail time and other penalties. everyone makes mistakes, but the mistakes
should not cost you your life. if your freedom is at risk, call a lawyer today.
the result will be satisfying, and you will learn a lot in the process. without
professional world you could face unnecessary problems. choose a legal
representative with years of experience and a proven track record of successful
results.



every day, many people accused of various crimes, but just
because someone is accused does not mean that he is guilty. there are always
two sides to every story. a criminal defense lawyer is ready to listen to your
side of the story and help you get back to, a peaceful life free. if you have
been arrested or charged with some illegal act, call a lawyer today. you can
get out of a sticky situation with the right tools. professionals have the
proven tactics and strategies successfully. you can have your charges dismissed
even before going to court.



there is so much crime is there and there is also a lawyer that fights for you, but no
matter who you have been accused of illegal action, a criminal lawyer can help
solve your problem. maybe it was believed that you were caught driving with an
illegal substance in your vehicle. whether this is true or not, there is
someone who is willing to represent you and hear your story.



other acts such as theft, domestic crimes, and juvenile
offenses can be maintained as well as by a criminal attorney. these
professionals will listen to all your needs and thoroughly examine your
situation to give you the best results.



getting arrested is a frightening and frustrating event, but
there is no need to be afraid. contact a criminal defense attorney today and
discover the depth of your choice. everyone faces difficult times. many people
have been wrongly accused and earn their freedom back. let's fight for justice
professionals you in the best way possible.






























best chat rooms - leisure time activity









from this need, online chats were found and have taken shape
and behavior that no one could guess beforehand. chat room, video / voice chat
and the online world has entered our lexicon faster than you can say lexicon.

for newcomers to the world of online chatting like omegle,
amazing varieties can be confusing, but at the same time. initial hiccups can
prevent most avid social creatures. not to worry, there is a guide to help us
along. however, some clues will come.

the variety of online chatting

from the initial days of text-based chatting, video cams,
voice chat, emoticon, data and file sharing are common enough to be encountered
in most services. one thing to look out for is the reliability of the service,
and the ease of use of the software. although some chatting is browser based,
most of the chatting chatroulette
online is done though downloadable software. so the chatting experience is also
largely due to the quality of the software and is worth keeping in mind while
trying out different stuff.

the romantic aspect

besides meeting people with whom you have shared interests
and get along with, online chatting has become a new way of meeting a person of
the opposite gender whom you'd like to takes things further. numerous instances
of people meeting up online and eventually meeting in real life have even ended
in marriage, if not a romantic liaison.

the future of online chatting

chatting has taken another aspect for those of us with fast
net connections and high spec computers in the form of virtual chatting i.e.
the visual dimension of chatting. here you can explore the imaginations of
others and give yourself am 'avatar' representing the way you would rather look
like in virtual worlds resembling a high end video game, look at http://www.bestrandomchatsites.com






























traffic accident personal lawyer








for all someone who has been a victim of a car accident or
truck accident attorney legal services, traffic is a must. why is it important
to contact traffic accident attorney as soon as possible? as most pengklaim are
not aware of their rights in cases where liability is not obvious. legal advice
is required to address the complex issues of responsibility.

when traffic accidents occur, the victim of a negligent
driver has the legal right to seek compensation in cases where the other entity
is in the wrong and has adversely affected the plaintiff's life. it is often
difficult for individuals to provide proof of the losses they have suffered,
subjecting them to claims that actually have more value than initially
recognized. if a person is unable to work after a car accident, the issue of
lost income becomes relevant and has far-reaching effects. instead of suffering
in silence or struggling to handle the matter alone, victims in this area
should contact a personal
injury attorney st. louis, who can help navigate the process of seeking
justice. sometimes the problem involves the unwillingness or complete refusal of
insurance companies to acknowledge claims made by accident victims. in such
cases the plaintiff loses access to compensation and faces the insecurity of
financial losses that could affect him for years.

someone who has been injured extensively requires the legal
services of a traffic accident lawyer that can help him deal with costly
medical expenses that have resulted from another person's negligence on the
roads. even with minor injuries, the plaintiff still has a right to seek legal
redress through which any medical expenses will be a factor. st. louis injury
lawyers have the legal capacity to seek compensation for their clients aimed at
dealing with physical and mental injuries along with any further losses such as
lost income and damaged property. minors may have also been injured during the
accident and may require competent legal representation for the matter to be
resolved.

when the other entity fails to acknowledge liability and
refuses to cooperate, it can be very difficult for an individual to sort out
the situation all by themselves. the only solution is to file a lawsuit through
a qualified traffic accident lawyer who makes it possible to prove that the
other party is liable for the accident. winning financial compensation and
learning about any legal limitations can be best accomplished through missouri
personal injury lawyers. they can help individuals who are unaware of how to
deal with complex matters linked to the accident.



























older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)









blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2014

(1)





        ▼ 
      



july

(1)

professional attorney on a super lawyers










        ► 
      



2013

(5)





        ► 
      



august

(2)







        ► 
      



may

(1)







        ► 
      



april

(1)







        ► 
      



march

(1)









        ► 
      



2012

(42)





        ► 
      



september

(8)







        ► 
      



may

(6)







        ► 
      



march

(8)







        ► 
      



february

(10)







        ► 
      



january

(10)









        ► 
      



2011

(8)





        ► 
      



december

(8)









popular posts




criminal law - how long does a criminal trial last?
     in recent years, many have the idea that criminal trials take a long time due to the high publicity of some cases that seem to have tak...





criminal law information: fraud, hate crimes & child abuse
     criminal law is one of the most common types of law practiced in the united states.  people make mistakes, and when these mistakes invo...





criminal law information
     according to criminal law, crimes are offences against the social order. in common law jurisdictions, there is a legal fiction that cri...





civil and common laws information
     in a criminal case, the government generally brings charges in one of two ways: either by accusing a suspect directly in a "bill o...





rehabilitation in criminal law
     in short and plain terms, rehabilitation basically means the path to restore a criminal to a useful existence in society. this path is ...





the role of a criminal defense lawyer in today's time
     criminal defense lawyers sometime get a not-so-flattering portrayal because people assume that they defend guilty people. however, if y...





payday loans laws - know your rights
     payday lending laws   due to recent financial reform laws, payday lending laws have undergone a bit of a facelift lately. while lending...





traffic accident personal lawyer
    for all someone who has been a victim of a car accident or truck accident attorney legal services, traffic is a must. why is it importan...





let a criminal defense attorney to fight for you
     if you have been charged with a crime, believes criminal defense attorney to guide you through the next steps. a lawyer can help you to...





best chat rooms - leisure time activity
     from this need, online chats were found and have taken shape and behavior that no one could guess beforehand. chat room, video / voice ...



















 








criminal law information
powered by blogger








