








hunting leases | hunting lease network






















































bringing landowners & sportsmen together


























members


log in


edit your profile


lost password


change password


pay for your hunting lease


sportsman benefits


sign up for free membership


state dnr websites


faqs




landowners


about our services


client testimonials


submit your property




land for lease


newest listings


search by state


how the bidding process works




land for sale


trophy room


about hln


hln reps


troy langan


charlie leece


jason buschbom


tom dziekan


mark lyon


david peck


joe peterselli


matt robinson


lucas robinson


mike simon


aaron steen


john zito jr




franchise opportunities


partners


user agreement




contact us


login
























































































					searchhunting properties


choose a state
arkansas
colorado
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
new york
north dakota
ohio
oklahoma
pennsylvania
south dakota
tennessee
wisconsin


























		newest properties for lease
	




kansas
marion county300 acres
300 acres of prime hunting in marion county, ks. just a short drive north of marion!

just a few miles from marion county, ks, this 300-acre property is ideal for a trophy hunter. with abundant crop ground, it naturally attracts local wildlife, including whitetail deer and turkeys. whether you're an experienced hunter or just getting started, this land offers a prime opportunity to tag a trophy buck. on a recent visit, i spotted several deer within 80 yards—one of which i estimate to be a solid 170-inch, 10-point buck!

the eastern portion of the property features approximately 94 acres of gently rolling hills, overgrown hedges, and cedar thickets—providing year-round cover and habitat for deer. the diverse landscape offers an unique and exciting hunting experience.

on the southern end, a secluded field is surrounded by a deep waterway lined with mature trees and thick grass, creating an ideal travel corridor for wildlife. the combination of natural features allows hunters to take advantage of multiple vantage points and wind conditions. marion county is known for its rich hunting traditions, and this property is no exception. 

access is convenient via well-maintained roads on the west side, though a little different story on the eastern road. this dirt road will be closed when wet so use discretion and save yourself a long walk if you get stuck. 

with easy access to marion’s lodging, dining, and other amenities, you won’t have to rough it too much on your hunting trips. 

additionally, future clearing is planned for the eastern pasture, and the farm tenant lives nearby for added convenience.

view more





kansas
decatur county843 acres
western kansas deer hunting at its finest in unit 1!!

the majority of this property sits on over 500 acres of rolling terrain.  it is a great mixture of pasture, agriculture, and timbered areas.  the timbered areas border a lot of the agriculture fields.  these fields were in corn this past year and this was plenty of activity along these edges.
the ag fields will be a rotation of row crops.  
the pasture elevates up around the ag fields and gives some great views of the whole property.  

great places to glass the area and set up for some nice rifle hunts.  the pastures have a lot of yucca in them providing some great cover for bedding bucks.  the yuccas are over waste high in some areas!!  there are also some ponds in the pastures for a water source.

the pasture also has some great ravines running through it.  these ravines have plenty of trees for cover and stands.  plenty of mature trees for stands or cedars to throw a ground blind up against.  there is a ravine that runs to the east towards the south end of the pasture.  this ravine runs right up into a small little acreage of native grass and trees.  looks like a great place to ambush a buck headed to bed!!

the 320 acres in sheridan county has two pivots on it.  i would not say this would be a great spot for deer but i also would not discount it as there are trails coming to the pivots.  my thought would be this area is more for upland game and possibly geese using the pivots.  there is some corners around the pivots that could hold some birds.  the pasture to the west has pond.  it was dry now but did have water and in a wet year could hold some waterfowl.

atv's allowed for hunting purposes only, no trail riding, and avoid damaging the fence on the property.  respect to crops and crop ground is a must!  

$2 million hunting liability insurance included with lease price. 

owner reserves the right to pasture cattle.

outfitters/guides must provide their own additional insurance. 







view more





new york
genesee county134 acres
nice layout of property, if you're playing the wind kind of sportsman you like this. haven't been out to walk it yet so pictures will be coming soon.


unit 8g

$2 million hunting liability insurance included
view more





ohio
madison county248 acres
248 acres in madison county, oh. located a short 40 minute drive southwest of columbus. 

this property is roughly 135 acres of corn and 82 acres of beans that rotate yearly. the rest is made up of timber blocks and additional woods along bradford branch creek. good sources of food and water should keep the animals moving around the property. plenty of areas along the creek and timbered areas to set up stands.

the small timber block on the northeast edge will be removed in the spring of 2025.

$2 million hunting liability insurance included
view more





nebraska
buffalo county24 acres
waterfowl hunters! 

24 acres in buffalo county, ne. located just 5 minutes south of the gibbon/i80 exit on the platte river. 

river frontage with access to 2 islands. hunters will either be able to build a blind or bring their own in. if you decide to build, landowner will need to approve the area.

$2 million hunting liability insurance included!
view more





wisconsin
vilas county40 acres
true northwoods property offering woods and a hilltop field that gets deer activity on a frequent basis, as per neighbor. turkey and the typical northwoods bear inhabit the area. grouse hunting allowed. property has not been hunted much as per owner.
tree lines along field e
there are some oaks and other hardwoods in the forest. property is close to phelps and eagle river.
view more





kansas
grant county320 acres
320 acres of crp grass in grant county!!!  just in time for upland game season in november.

this half section will provide you an excellent hunting spot away from the walk in crowd.  the area has great grass surrounded by crop fields.  the bird hunting should be great!! the are some low areas that will hold some water in a wet year.  there may even be a whitetail or two that would call this area home with all the feed around it.  some great hunting possibilities.

$2 million hunting liability insurance included with lease.




view more





wisconsin
eau claire county40 acres
nice property with woods, pasture, corn. this farm lays out really nice. there are apple trees at the north end of the woods. woods have a number of oak trees. there is not a lot of brush in the majority of the woods so that should make for easy shooting. the southeast corner of the woods has a lot of brush and is very thick. there's about 6 acres of corn on the east side with pasture next to it. there's a fair amount of clover around the corn edges and in the pasture. there may be dairy cattle in the west pasture at times. plenty of deer sign. turkey's also present as per owner.
there is a gate on the southwest portion of the property on shale ridge rd. this is where to park and please close all gates if you open them. owners are amish and live in the farmhouse to the north. please do not bother the owners on sunday. owners might allow camping. close to eau claire which has all the amenities, hotels and restaurants.
view more





want to be notified of new listings in your area?sign up for free membership


search hunting leasesby state









hunting leases are what we do.
let us help you find find quality, affordable land for your outdoor pursuits.














why choose the hunting lease network?

member benefits


free membership
get notifications of new leases in your chosen state(s)
access full lease details including lease price and auction status


more benefits


hunter benefits


opportunity to inspect the property before you bid
free to view properties or place bids
fair lease price with competitive auction-style format
exclusive hunting rights in a safe environment
first right to renew your lease


more benefits


landowner benefits


new income source and increased return on your land investment
know who’s hunting on your property
professional lease management services provided by hln
hunting liability insurance included in all leases
reduce crop damage with wildlife management


more benefits












contact us

contact the hln office

contact a representative



quick links

how to bid on a lease

state dnr license info

user agreement

site map



payments


credit cards accepted:
					


the hunting lease network connects landowners and sportsmen from all across the country providing an internet-based service for landowners and hunters to find quality hunting leases.




become a franchisee 







copyright © 2025 national hunting lease network. licensed broker farmers national company dba hunting lease network. for more information please contact farmers national company at 402-496-3276. website created by web solutions omaha.










