ï»¿



web and media - product design / corporate identity / branding - beirut, lebanon
































































































   menu  



 home
 about
 services

 portfolio

 main portfolio
 logo design
 corporate identity
 branding
 product design
 packaging
 corporate profiles
 graphic design
 advertising


 credentials
 contact
































welcome
welcome to “web and media”. we are a full-service creative agency that   specializes in corporate identity, product design, branding and corporate profiles. 
we have over twenty-eight (28) years of experience   in these areas. we are constantly innovating new techniques, exploring   new creative concepts and implementing innovative methods to meet the   ever-changing client needs and current trends to provide multiple   perspectives of an unmatched creative service. 
 3d product design provides the bridge between product design, packaging   & branding where ‘web and media’ is your one-stop shop for a   comprehensive service. our portfolio is a testament to what we do. our   perfectionism, attention to details and commitment continue to be a   distinguishing feature of “web and media” creative services.
 
our major services @ web and media:
 




logo design 
your business emblem is what distinguishes you from others, describes what you do and certainly gets you recognized. 
				  never underestimate the power of a suitable logo. always make sure to choose well, it is a lifetime marriage.
logo portfolio »





corporate identity 
the identity is more important than the logo, it is the personality and attitude of your business and how customers perceive you, your product and services. mind that theme,  atmosphere, attitude, tone and perception are always crucial.

visual identity » 





 branding 

					branding is a vast topic that can't be fully  covered in 100 books. it is not about labeling a product or slapping a sticker, on the contrary it is a delicate task that considers over tens of factors, and most of them  are dictated by your consumer.
branding works »





product design 
we are proud to be one of the rare agencies operating in beirut - lebanon that are highly specialized in product design and 3d modeling and visualization from the simplest to the most complex, check out our portfolio of: 
novelty products »

 

our philosophy dictates our methods, we have been refining it for years and continuously injecting it with evolving managerial, technical and ergonomic skills. those skills were so fruitful and has proven to enhance our performance, and consequently resulting in total client trust and satisfaction.


1. approach 

our first step is to "listen, listen & listen" to your requirements and comprehend your vision to understand more.


 2. research 
our first task is to collate all the input and prepare for an extensive research and poke inside competition and all types of similar businesses.


3. process 

just like a precision timepiece or a synchronized gearbox, each member of the team fits in his/her place to process the creative task.


4. accomplish 

we will share with you each phase of the latter process and keep you updated till you receive the completed task/work. all in record time and way before promised deadline.

















 about 
in simple words, "web and media" is a full fledged design agency specialized in corporate identity & branding with over 28 years of experience. our logo designs spread across 5 continents.                    
read more »


 achievements 
we have received so far 9 authentic international awards from usa, europe & gcc.
we are acknowledged of creating over 600 active company logos and possess the largest logo portfolio among all design agencies in the gcc & mena regions.


 authenticity 
as we do not follow trends and we will never do, we plan for  the future in every design we create, each sketch is an innovation of its own,   created to last for centuries to come. it is a question of identity not another  fashion drift. on the other hand, our struggle in fighting plagiarism will grow  even stronger.


 get in touch



phone:


                          +961 3 236 423                                                                    
                    




address:


1st fl., bldg. 257, st. 1
                         qalaa, mount lebanon
                        lebanon
                    


 disclaimer
 privacy policy faq
 search
 sitemap
 download our profile








 home |  about | services | portfolio |  credentials | contact


 website last revised / updated: wednesday, 20th of november 2023 - by: fadi m. abul husen
copyright â© 1995 - 2023 web and media, baabda, lebanon. all rights reserved.

â facebook
â linkedin
â behance
â pinterest
â instagram
â dribbble
â twitter
â youtube
â potw
â flickr
 share







designed & developed by: web and media










