



	national association of phlebotomists - home



































































skip over navigation











home



training



courses



shop



history



contact



links



newsletters



faq











nap 



welcome to the national association of 
phlebotomists website

 we are the professional body representing practising phlebotomists in the uk
 
members insurance now available click here for details
















nap today



nap have been involved with the development of healthcare science career pathway through consultation with skills for health and provide training to support development through roles 2-5 for both staff performing venepuncture as an additional part of their role such as nursing, research, mla staff or staff developing through the phlebotomy pathway. where development is not mandatory outside your own discipline for those that wish to progress there will be opportunities to develop through to state registered roles.
to support the development of best practice we offer discipline specific courses for phlebotomy such as train the trainer, mentoring, paediatrics, first aid, sample quality and basic venepuncture programs for healthcare professionals.













membership




as a member of n.a.p you will be a part of the professional organisation representing phlebotomy, be kept up to date with legislations, innovative projects and new equipment available as well as;

upto 4 newsletters a year
education and training – discipline specific
agm
bi yearly conference addressing current themes
dedicated individuals passionate in promoting phlebotomy
a voice within department of health & federation of healthcare science
link to suppliers

the executive committee give their time voluntarily and are always looking for phlebotomists with administration, marketing or business skills to relieve the pressure, so if you can attend meetings in london every 6 weeks (travel costs paid), and have a passion in taking phlebotomy forward please contact us. similarly if you have any information that will be of interest to the phlebotomy community we can publish it in a newsletter.
please join or maintain your membership so that we can continue to work on your behalf to ensure phlebotomy gains the recognition and professional development it deserves! click to download and print the membership form.
jacqui hougheducation coordinatorfounder membernational association of phlebotomists

 

please note the national association of phlebotomists is professional body for phlebotomists in the uk.
training providers who support the ethos of nap and have had their training program verified by nap may use the nap logo on advertising materials.
the national association of phlebotomists is not an employment agency; it does not hold details of phlebotomists looking for work or phlebotomy vacancies in the uk.
jacqui hough, founder member national association of phlebotomists

























site map
                                |
                                © 2012 - 2025 national association of phlebotomists
                                |
                                site by gtp
                                |
                                xhtml 1.0
                                |
                                css
                                |
                                privacy / terms
trademark registration no. 1459163
                                e: phlebotomy@btinternet.com


                            national association of phlebotomists
                            15 acacia close
                            goffs oak, herts 
                            en7 6qf

                            























home
site map
search

sign in











