









managed it and computer support | deerfield beach, fl | direct technology group
































































































































 









(954) 739-4700
support@directtechnologygroup.zendesk.com
get support
















fort lauderdale fl | direct technology group












homeprivacy policyabout uswho we areour differenceit industry secrettestimonialsemploymentrefer a friendit servicesmanaged it servicesmanaged servicesit consultingremote monitoring & maintenanceco-managed itvmware24/7 help deskdesktop monitoring and managementinfrastructure support servicesprofessional server supportit security servicesnetwork securityunified threat managementcontent filteringspam protectionsecurity camerassophos security solutionsemail encryptionasset trackingcloud computing servicescloud it solutionshosted microsoft exchangehosted serverhosted desktophardware virtualizationcloud backup & file sharingmicrosoft azuredata warehousingindustry specifichealthcare itpoint-of-sale technologiesit for educationsupply chain and logisticsdata servicesbusiness continuitydata retrievaldisaster recovery as a servicehardware serviceshardware as a servicecomputer repaircabling and wiringwireless serviceshp official dealerprinter managementofficial dell dealerapple computer repairlenovo official reselleroffice relocation servicesserver migrationsoftware servicesmicrosoft office 365google workspacemicrosoft sharepointmicrosoft sql servermicrosoft partner networkbusiness communicationvoipmobile solutionsmobile device managementdigital signageunified communicationssophos solutionsunderstanding itransomwarebusiness continuitythe internet of thingsnetwork securitysoxbyodhipaacloud computingnews & eventsblogcontact ussupporthelp desk


















bar
bar
bar




menu
×



homeprivacy policyabout uswho we are our differenceit industry secrettestimonialsemploymentrefer a friendit servicesmanaged it servicesmanaged servicesit consultingremote monitoring & maintenanceco-managed itvmware24/7 help deskdesktop monitoring and managementinfrastructure support servicesprofessional server supportit security servicesnetwork securityunified threat managementcontent filteringspam protectionsecurity camerassophos security solutionsemail encryptionasset trackingcloud computing servicescloud it solutionshosted microsoft exchangehosted serverhosted desktophardware virtualizationcloud backup & file sharingmicrosoft azuredata warehousingindustry specifichealthcare itpoint-of-sale technologiesit for educationsupply chain and logisticsdata servicesbusiness continuitydata retrievaldisaster recovery as a servicehardware serviceshardware as a servicecomputer repaircabling and wiringwireless serviceshp official dealerprinter managementofficial dell dealerapple computer repairlenovo official reselleroffice relocation servicesserver migrationsoftware servicesmicrosoft office 365google workspacemicrosoft sharepointmicrosoft sql servermicrosoft partner networkbusiness communicationvoipmobile solutionsmobile device managementdigital signageunified communicationssophos solutionsunderstanding itransomwarebusiness continuitythe internet of thingsnetwork securitysoxbyodhipaacloud computingnews & eventsblogcontact ussupporthelp desk










home 





privacy policy 







about us 





who we are


our difference 


it industry secret 


testimonials 


employment 


refer a friend 







it services 





managed it services 





managed services 


it consulting 


remote monitoring & maintenance 


co-managed it 


vmware 


24/7 help desk 


desktop monitoring and management 


infrastructure support services 


professional server support 







it security services 





network security 


unified threat management 


content filtering 


spam protection 


security cameras 


sophos security solutions 


email encryption 


asset tracking 







cloud computing services 





cloud it solutions 


hosted microsoft exchange 


hosted server 


hosted desktop 


hardware virtualization 


cloud backup & file sharing 


microsoft azure 


data warehousing 







industry specific 





healthcare it 


point-of-sale technologies 


it for education 


supply chain and logistics 







data services 





business continuity 


data retrieval 


disaster recovery as a service 







hardware services 





hardware as a service 


computer repair 


cabling and wiring 


wireless services 


hp official dealer 


printer management 


official dell dealer 


apple computer repair 


lenovo official reseller 


office relocation services 


server migration 







software services 





microsoft office 365 


google workspace 


microsoft sharepoint 


microsoft sql server 


microsoft partner network 







business communication 





voip 


mobile solutions 


mobile device management 


digital signage 


unified communications 







sophos solutions 







understanding it 





ransomware 


business continuity 


the internet of things 


network security 


sox 


byod 


hipaa 


cloud computing 







news & events 


blog 


contact us 


support 





help desk 
























 






// over 25 years of experience
is your data secure?

with security services from direct technology group, you get the peace of mind that you deserve, without the pains of managing and maintaining your security solutions.

learn more












// over 25 years of experience
is your data secure?

with security services from direct technology group, you get the peace of mind that you deserve, without the pains of managing and maintaining your security solutions.

learn more






 


 



managed it services
eliminate your technology-based headaches. 
 

 

security services
protect your company from external threats. 


 

business continuity
don’t worry about failing hardware again. 
// what we do
florida computer & technical support
we partner with many types of businesses in the area, and strive to eliminate it issues before they cause expensive downtime, so you can continue to drive your business forward. our dedicated staff loves seeing our clients succeed. your success is our success, and as you grow, we grow.
our experience has allowed us to build and develop the infrastructure needed to keep our prices affordable and our clients up and running.
learn more
welcome to direct technology groupit solutions for businesses 
direct technology group has provided professional it support for businesses since 2007.  time and experience have helped us develop best practices and procedures around a proactive philosophy designed to keep your focus on your business, not your technology.
our team of experts responds to issues quickly, often before you even know about them.  covering everything from your servers and network infrastructure, your computers, workstations and mobile devices, to security and compliance, we provide end-to-end solutions for all of your technology needswith direct technology group as your it partner, you will experience:

less downtime - faster resolution leads to greater productivity, less frustration, and fewer daily issues
infrastructure protection - keep your network and devices safe and secure from cyber attacks 
business continuity - our backup and disaster recovery program keeps your business running without interruption

contact us to learn more about how direct technology group can make managing your it easier, and help move your business forward.
technology at your service// your outsourced it department
enterprise-level servicesfas fa-desktopmanaged it servicesa flat-rate service that delivers enterprise-level it support and solutions that are tailor-made.fas fa-network-wirednetwork securitysecurity updates for all of your workstations, which saves you time and boosts profitability.fas fa-cloudcloud it solutionssolutions that set up, manage, and support your organization’s computing infrastructure.fas fa-life-ringbusiness continuitya solution that backs up and restores data to protect your business from a disaster.fas fa-headsetit consultingwe have the knowledge and the expertise necessary to make your technology work best for you.fas fa-envelopespam protectiondesigned to help your organization eliminate spam before it ever hits your inbox. // stress less with direct technology group
industries we serve
stop paying outrageously high hourly rates that can sneak their way into your bill. get proactive with direct technology group, giving everyone in your company the support they need, when they need it, without the huge costs. it support doesn’t need to be expensive or frustrating. talk to a direct technology group expert today!it for educationleverage your it assets into a dynamic workplace for your educators and your students.
read morehealthcarewe can help you meet compliance standards to streamline your operations without adding overhead.
read morepoint-of-sale technologieswe live in a consumer-based society. people spend money on goods and services every day.
read more// what our clients say
we are the florida experts


direct technology group is my "go to" for the majority of all our technology purchases. our school district has been working with direct technology group for over 3 years. we are extremely pleased with the pricing, the products, and especially the awesome customer service! i can always count on...michele bellotech dept.being an engineer working on large scale projects its always reassuring to know direct technology group is there to get us expert support and the most competitive pricing on all our project needs. depending on dtg and their team is never a mistake....vincentsr. sales engineeri have been partnering with brian kuehne at dtg for the past two years. i have always been happy with the communication and the urgency dtg puts on our orders. they are accurate and arrive sooner than expected. i would highly recommend dtg for any of your electronic needs...mike frazierproduction managerdtg plays a huge role in our successes here at shift4 payments. jack rachlin has been our account executive for years. dtg is always there when we need guidance on various initiatives. jack and the entire staff at dtg go out of their way to ensure we receive what...jonathanavpdtg has been an integral partner of chi’s it services delivery. we’ve come to rely on steven stern immensely. over the last 3 years of my tenure with chi, steven has served our every need with delight, always providing us with cost efficient products, delivering products timely when others...josedirector of information technology

// our recent posts
read our latest blog postsall posts














there are plenty of truly erroneous controversies


			social media is addictive, this much is true. for the people who never have taken the leap and put themselves out there, it is often maddening to see people jump from outrage about one issue to another issue without any real ...	



read more

















zero-days of our lives, episode 1: spoofing


			while we may be it professionals and—as such—take security extremely seriously, it can occasionally help to discuss business cybersecurity with a different approach… such as a daytime soap opera. what follows is one of these ...	



read more

















how does communication unification work?


			good communication is key for any business. today, there are tons of ways companies stay connected: phone calls, emails, messaging apps, and video meetings. while all these tools can be helpful, they can also get confusing if...	



read more






our partners





















request a consultation
direct technology group strives to provide the best comprehensive it, computer, and networking services to small businesses. we can handle all of your organization's technology challenges.
contact us







contact us
learn more about what direct technology group can do for your business.
1358 w newport center dr  deerfield beach, florida 33442
call us: (954) 739-4700












 news & updates







direct technology group launches new website!


			direct technology group is proud to announce the launch of our new website at www.directtechnologygroup.com. the goal of the new website is to make it easier for our existing clients to submit and manage support requests, and provide more information about our services for ...	


read more


 














copyright

direct technology group. all rights reserved.






 













×



schedule a consultation, get a $10 starbucks gift card
 


name
email
phone


contact us 
 

*offer for small and medium-sized businesses only 




