


eco friendly screen printing and waterless printing at focusink inc





















335 jefferson se, albuquerque, nm 87108 (map) | p: 505-265-3497 | f: 505-266-4538 | f: 505-872-2377 |      
















about
calendar
upload files
design cost
request quote
blog
reading room






 
we print everything from walnuts to signs!
     

make focus ink your first source for professional offset & screen printing services and so much more!  welcome to the focus ink website, your number one source for union printing services, screen printing, signs, banners, decals and labels, promotional products, political campaign printing services, embroidery and much more. since 1989, we have been turned to for jobs of all sizes and one thing always remains consistent; no matter the size of your project or the purpose for utilizing our services, you are going to get the highest quality products/services each and every time. we are known for our eco-friendly printing.  we offer earth friendly printing for your business cards, postcards, brochures, and other full color offset. our digital printing, direct-to garment printing — such as photo tees — custom cut label printing, labels, decals and large format printing for banners, also use earth-friendly processes. focus ink has been certified green by the albuquerque water authority. they have described us the cleanest print shop they have ever seen.  we also can imprint promotional items in-house (pad printing), allowing for in-house printing with low minimums and quick-turnarounds, and we have a full range of promotional products for your advertising, awards and customer appreciation. gift cards are also available for your special customers.  political campaign printing services from focus ink  presidents and politicians have turned to focus ink for their political campaign printing for years. we offer our services to anyone running for office from presidential to local campaigns. we offer mailing services for your printed campaign collateral. are you a union member or need union printed work? are you looking for some unique materials for your members? focus ink has you covered. we are your source for union screen printing, union embroidery, union banners, union printed signs, other collateral and more!  as members of the afl-cio and licensed by the international brotherhood of teamsters, we offer in-house offset and digital printing, screen and pad printing, vinyl graphics and large-format printing, custom labels and graphic design. focus ink is a nationally certified woman-owned business, certified green, and is endorsed by the new mexico federation of labor. we also offer a full range of catalog and custom invitations and announcements, holiday greeting cards as well as business printing services and products including checks, and promotional products through our store and our online affiliates.  thank you for stopping by and viewing our website. please continue to browse around for additional information on our company, products and services. you can contact us with questions by phone at 505-265-3497 or via email at promo@focusink.com. we look forward to hearing from you and working with you on your next project!  the boxes below provide an overview of the types of printing we do. please explore the horizontal menu bars above or use the site search tool in the upper left corner to find what you need. please contact us by email or phone us at 505-265-3497 with any questions. remember, we print everything fro walnuts to signs.
offset & digital

flyers
brochures
business cards
postcards
letterhead & envelopes
thermography (raised ink)
invitations
carbonless forms
posters
 
 
 


campaign printing

yard signs
placards
banners
palm cards
literature
t-shirts
swag
bumper stickers
fans
lapel stickers
door hangers
buttons


social functions

custom invitations
announcements
holiday cards
in-store catalogs
order from online catalogs
custom design and printing
printing on your stock
thermography
 
 
 
 


labels & bumper stickers

bumper stickers
full-color labels on sheets
printing labels on rolls
decals
numbering & barcoding
blank roll labels
blank sheet labels


other specialy printing

data merge personalization
foil stamping
numbering/barcodes
decals
multi-language typesetting
 
 


silk screen printing

t-shirts
textiles
non-textiles
yard signs
clothing links
 
 


signs & banners

large format printing
printed banners
vinyl graphics
one-way window art
decals


pad printing

in-house pad printing allows us to print on almost any shape surface. no minimums, and rush orders are possible.








     



search
       
frequently requested:

 labels and stickers
 political printing
 screen printing
holiday cards
embroidery




pricelists

 see all pricelists



  
home | paper | other media | promotional | office | t-shirts |  labels and bumper stickers |  political printing



contact us! copyright 2009 focusink inc.


resources




