


cape cod dj music cape cod dj services allegro dj service 508-775-2449, program your own cape cod djs wedding


















cape cod dj - cape cod disc jockey providing wedding entertainment for cape cod and the islands. (508)775-2449 cape cod dj wedding entertainment.


cape cod djs - wedding dj service 
508-775-2449
program your cape cod wedding dj music on-line.
cape cod dj ipad, ipod, mp3 players and dj rental gear sound system rentals cape cod. add your music for free.
click below to view a slideshow a few of our cape cod dj beach wedding ceremonies.










cape cod dj - allegro dj service






free dj service contest!visit michael hennessy on facebook



cape cod dj - allegro dj slide show
1st dance elegant weddings
meet your cape cod disc jockey
ceremony pictures & video.
ceremony video w/wireless mic.
more cape cod dj wedding reception video.
wedding pictures
trader ed's miss cape and islands beauty contest
other video
state-of-the-art equipment, polite, experienced and trained.
wear formal attire or dress for the occassion.





use our quote/contact form for a quote.
dj wedding ceremony examples 
dj wedding  instructions form
special packages including prices
elegant cape cod wedding places.
wedding notes from the bride and groom.
live entertainment including  "cape cod dj".
more wedding pictures.
 join our team




pricing and special offers.
new - special pricing for weekday partys.






all of our cape cod dj’s approach is to give the best wedding dj services possible. your cape cod dj - disc jockey will listen to your needs, guide you, implement your instructions to a “t”, and charge fairly for the type of service provided. our music will entertain your cape cod wedding and make it fun with lots of variety.

cape cod dj michael hennessy 
cape cod dj, musician, and owner of allegro dj service has 25 plus year background entertaining for groups of all ages. his parents owned a popular cape cod nightspot, hennessy’s steak house that was frequented by the rich and famous. there, movie stars, famous jazz musicians, and local entertainers of that time entertained. this was contagious to michael and his brothers, (the hennessy brothers) to inevitably become part of the act. continuing today to entertain as a musician and a dj, he has come full circle in the entertainment industry.michael currently performs over 260 gigs a year and personally trains our cape cod dj associates and coordinates all allegro dj service weddings.


cape cod dj jonathan  dj jonathan is probably the tallest dj you will ever see, 6’7”. he's been spinning music since 8 tracks were the rage and is a huge favorite with the boston ski club and other northern ski venues. jonathan always arrives early and difficult assignments are no problem for this seasoned veteran. jonathan always takes on the challenge and executes with finesse and style. even when the wedding reception is on nantucket or half way to the north pole, he definitely puts in the extra effort to make it happen.
 

cape cod dj david 
cape cod dj david has an extreme love for music and his job. he takes the time to preview all your details and follow-up with the delivery exactly how you want. he works closely with you and is dedicated. david puts your concern first and always is there to lend a hand. his dj training included many weddings and parties of all varieties and age brackets on cape cod. his background includes live performances singing at weddings and entertaining. although he is a new addition to our cape cod dj staff he has received rave reviews for this past year’s performance. and, he is no stranger to music, just ask him any music trivia.


cape cod dj palmer 
cape cod dj palmer has a background of providing dj services for the past 3 years. palmer a musician too, is well known on his campus for some of the newest grooves out there. he is continually looking for new ideas to improve his performance and he keeps us on our toes especially when it comes to playing for younger audiences. he began training with us in the 2007 spring season, but it wasn’t long before we were learning things from him. we were really surprised when we realized how rounded and up-to-date his knowledge of music was. palmer is not shy or afraid to take the reins when he has to go the extra mile for any venue or event.

cape cod dj greg 
 with 30 years experience as a performing musician/entertainer/songwriter, greg is a crowd pleaser for all age groups, a dj who knows how to get a  party rockin' and make your event a memorable experience.  greg is a dynamic but flexible dj who goes the length to give the crowd exactly what they want, great dance music.


cape cod dj bryan 
cape cod dj bryan a 20-year veteran as a musician in the wedding entertainment business. he specializes in oldies, 60’s, classic rock, the 80’s and other genre that most people forgot about. bryan is eager to play his guitar and dj music for you at any event. we found this to be really popular for the older and more sophisticated crowds who like a little live music mixed with their favorite dj recordings.

cape cod dj pistol pete cape cod dj pistol pete began his musical career decades ago before 8 tracks were on the scene. he was spinning vinyl, cds, and anything he could get his hands on. he is well know for his easy going sense of humor and ability to make things run smooth. pistol is also very gifted in the vocal department. he hosts a karaoke show several times a week in the boston area. available to perform on the cape as well as in the boston area, pete knows what it takes and it shows. he is a top-notch professional and has worked with us for several years.
 
cape cod wedding disc jockey jim 
 dj jim is a recent graduate from allegro dj training and one of our technical advisors on computer related networking and data management. all of today's music is handled in a computer as data. his musical background covers several decades of personally collecting all your favorite hits from the 30's on up to today. jim also likes to dance. he's really not as zany as his picture, but he enjoys a good time.


cape cod dj ryan dj ryan joined our team in the spring of 2006. he has already received rave reviews and we expect that he will be one of our most requested djs in coming months. ryan is also a musician who toured the country playing guitar in an alternative rock group. they focused on fun rock music, but he is not limited to just those styles. he displays a broad range of musical knowledge and is always willing to go the extra mile for our clients.
 

cape cod dj julia julia brings her own enthusiasm and warm friendly smile to brighten any occasion. despite her youthful age, she has an uncanny broad knowledge of music and styles that people of all ages like. she is one of cape cod's home-grown creative and artistic music stylist, and a performing musician with 2 released cd's of her own.  she has toured most of the usa and been exposed to a wide variety of venues. julia is not afraid to get involved and help people. one of the first thing she said to me was, " i knew at a young age that music was going to be my life". we believe that she is a great addition to allegro dj service.
 

cape cod dj bobby m shown here at the ocean edge resort in brewster, disc jockey bobby is running a wireless sound system for an outdoor wedding ceremony. with his theatrical background, he brings that something extra to your special occasion. bobby is very quick to think on his feet and great at improvising. bobby hopes to be in a broadway show someday and he can match thousands of artists with their songs off the top of his head. his theater experience and musical knowledge brings another dimension to allegro dj service. currently bob can be seen performing in local cape cod theaters.
 




we understand the difficulty in making a choice for entertainment for your guests. at allegro dj service we take time to select, screen, train, and groom the cape cod dj, ( disc jockey - master of ceremonies ). when we perform we are prompt, formal, professional, polished, and ready to entertain for the most elegant and sophisticated formal wedding. we offer dj services that are exceptional and maintain a several thousand song repertoire that is listed on the internet. we do our best to make sure that all our cape cod brides, grooms and their guests are completely satisfied. to make things easier we have organized a way for you to  customize your wedding details. we are not dj brokers. we have our own in house trained staff outfitted with top-of-the-line state-of-the-art professional equipment.
tips to energize your cape cod wedding reception or any party. just mail us a request and we will send it to you.
ipad, ipod and mp3 players just about everyone wants an ipod or an mp3 player or already has one. we give you what you want.
here is a list of some recommended professional cape cod wedding services that we have worked with. 
if you are interested in joining our team of professionals please contact us about your interests in being a cape cod dj with allegro dj service.
this is what you will learn.

click here to listen live entertainment by michael hennessy and erica lewis.

allegro dj service is cape cod based disc jockey service and located in hyannis massachusetts at the center of cape cod


allegro dj home |
quote/contact form |
 dj pricing |
 music database |
 testimonials |
 about us |
 michael hennessy |
 michael solo |
 performed song list |
 erica |
 more erica |
 elegant cape cod weddings |
 past venues |
 links |
 employment | cape cod wedding instructions form

cape cod djs providing wedding entertainment for cape cod and the islands.
© 2003-2004 allegro dj service of cape cod, massachusetts. your wedding entertainment.  all rights reserved.send questions and comments about this website to:michael
498 lincoln road ext., hyannis, ma 02601









