



about florence, your tourist guide to florence, italy































florence, italy - www.aboutflorence.com - home | contact | sitemap 








aboutflorence.com .... 
... your tourist guide to florence






home florence guide

find all information about the city of florence, italy!








city of florence
city of florence
florence's history
flood in florence
art and culture
the economy
events of florence
folkloristic
famous people
 



florence info
excursions
florentine cuisine
florence wine
itineraries
guided tours
markets
monuments
museums
museum reservations
parks
photo
                 gallery





tour & sightseeing
city sightseeing
guided tours & visits
culinary & wine tours
bike tour in florence 
segway tour in florence



transportations
transportations
rent
           a bike
rent a car
airport of florence
airport of pisa 
airport transfers 




about tuscany
about mugello
about siena
about pisa
about versilia
about italy
about liguria
about milan
about rome
about turin
about venice





 languages





















please, activate javascript for correct visualization of the searchbox

















hotels in florence











arrival



12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031








 departure



12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031








best price guaranteed
book online, pay at the hotel!





















tourist guide
accommodation
useful maps
accessible florence
tourist offices
the weather
nightlife
shopping
sports
wedding in florence




music & movies
theaters & music
cinemas & movies
operas and classical concerts 



studying
                 in florence
study abroad
study
                 university
learn italian
art courses
music summer courses 



addresses
consulates
emergency
internet points
wash & dry











welcome to about 
          florence

dear
             visitor, welcome to aboutflorence.com
this non-commercial website
       offers interesting and useful information about one of the most beautiful
       city in the world, florence (italy). we have collected for you the most precious
       historical and practical information available:
discover our network:

liguria - discover the region of cinque terre, genoa, portofino and porto venere. thanks to about liguria you will find all the information about this italian sea region.
venice - are you searching for information about the city of venice, the “city of water”? now is finally online aboutvenice.org, your tourist guide to venice. find all information about: history, culture, city sightseeing, maps... and much much more.
rome -  are you searching for information about the city of rome, the “eternal city”? now is finally online aboutroma.com, your tourist guide to rome. find all information about: history, culture, city sightseeing, maps... and much much more.
milan -  are you searching for information about the city of milan? now is finally online aboutmilan.com, your tourist guide to milan. discover milan: history, culture, hotel, maps and much more.
siena - are searching for information about the city of siena? now is finally online aboutsiena.com, your tourist guide to siena
mugello - are searching for information about the mugello, the wonderful valley filled with green, situated to the north of florence? now is finally online aboutmugello.com, your tourist guide to mugello. find all information about the valley of mugello: history, culture, municipalities, maps... and don't forget to read also about the famous mugello circuit 

featured
               in about florence:

 about florence search engine: you can use our search engine to search inside about florence website and find what you are looking for.
 useful maps of florence:  browse our new dynamic, interactive and draggable map of florence to find the most famous florence sightseeing and attractions over the satellite maps. 
 transportation in florence: we've reorganized our sections about moving in florence. added new pages about the airport of florence and pisa and about the public and private transfer service to/from the airport to/from the florence city center. we've also added a new page about cyclable tracks in florence. to all bicycle lover, you can't miss it!

(news archive)
about florence, italy:
 here
                 you can find all general information about the "city
                 of florence", as the history
                 of the city, the art
                 and the culture of florence as well as his famous
                 peoples. here you can also find information about the economy
                 of the city, the most important events
                 in florence besides to the folkloristic one;

information:
 discover
             the city of florence having a look at the monuments and museums,
             walking through our suggested
             itineraries and having a break in its beautiful parks
             and gardens, or, if you prefer, choose among our collections of florence
             virtual tours. if you like to discover local food and drink have
             a look at the florentine cuisine.
             would you like to bring home a local souvenir? don't forget to take
             note of the local typical
             markets of florence, and, above of all, don't forget to make an excursion
             in the florence' environs: visiting tuscany and its beautiful cities
             like siena, pisa or lucca. 

touristic guide:         
before leaving discover how to move to/from/inside florence and find an hotel or an accomodation. 
         then take note of the places where to get information about the city once in florence, look at the useful maps and at the always updated weather situation of florence. you'd probably like to know where to make shopping, where to do sport and fitness and finally where to spend the night in florence, dancing or going to theatre. do you want more? maybe an italian language course? we have some information about it too! 

addresses: 
 here
             there are come useful address for any convenience or need: emergency
             number , location of the consulates,
             where to rent a bike. and if
             in your accomodation doesn't offer a washing machine, then you'll find
             very helpful this list of wash & dry
             in florence. obviously... we can't forget a list of internet
             points in florence :)

where to beign? let's give
         a look to this florence art map guide (generously given by firenze
         by net)


















home about florence
useful links about: florence | italy | credits

bookmark!








 


   © copyright: about florence - your tourist guide to florence
   webdesign and seo by web marketing team - p.i 05622420486











social

   facebook
   twitter
   flickr
   our blog












tweet

















languages

   german
   french
   spanish
   italian
   portuguese
   czech
   japanese







