







basil-ltd:  irish & celtic











































        
          
            basil-ltd:  irish & celtic
          
        
      








































cart
















0
















              home
            

            keith jack jewelry
          

        petrichor
      

            boru jewelry
          

            fado jewelry
          

            solvar
          

            martina hamilton
          

            shanore jewelry
          

            wild goose studio
          

            mcharp crosses
          

            celtic cross pendants
          



            contact us
          











































cart
















0











homekeith jack jewelrypetrichorboru jewelryfado jewelrysolvarmartina hamiltonshanore jewelrywild goose studiomcharp crossesceltic cross pendants





                
                  
                    basil-ltd:  irish & celtic
                  
                
              




contact us









scroll









    keith jack jewelry
  



 











new from keith jackthe rocks ‘n river story: the powerful force of a river is a perfect analogy for our lives as we carve our path through, over and around the various obstacles on our journey. celebrate milestones, these foundational rocks in the river of our lives, with passion, joy and purpose. aphrodite story:  when aphrodite, the goddess of love, sheds tears of joy, they turn into pearls as they return to the ocean. we are reminded of the joys of life and loving energy through pearls and wisdom.celestial story  & eclipse: our celestial path guides us through time & space within the orbits of those we love. this divine energy unites us with our universal family in eternal love.  eclipse in the dance of life, between light and shadow, time reveals the space where we can transform our challenges into opportunities.














































 





































 petrichor by keith jack jewelry is for those with a heart of an ancient warrior. each piece is handcrafted in extra heavyweight sterling silver, and many pieces are finished with bronze accents.  distressed finishing techniques create the feeling of an artifact pulled straight from the time of legends and heroes.


































 












































wild goose studiosince its foundation in 1969, wild goose studio has sought its inspiration in ireland's history, poetry and mythology. from the beginning, a group of skilled craft-workers in kinsale, co. cork has maintained the tradition of high quality as the range of images has grown.  the early experimental spirit of brian scott-mccarthy and kathleen smyth remains to this day as wild goose broadens its horizons and expands its offering of award-winning gifts for friends, family and for you.  




































    newsroom
  



 











celtic & irish (copy)



petrichor by keith jack



newsroom












basil-ltd.com
345 merrick road,
hamilton, nj 08691,
usa
609-585-4127
maryloga@optonline.net


hours
mon open
tue open
wed open
thu open
fri open
sat open
sun 10am - 1pm






the latest





email address






sign up






thank you!





info
newsroom
home
contact us.
shipping, returns & exchanges
check order status
privacy
privacy policy
cookie policy
instagram




 10% off use the code slainte at checkout. ( limited time) & free shipping within the usa!

 







