





superior tours | home




superiortours

























 call us: 410-602-1704 / 1-800-754-9097


trip alerts






  



request a quote







superior tours 







homeabout ustestimonialsmemberships & affiliationsfrequently asked questionscharter our busesour busesschool field tripsphotosamenitiestour specials2025 special tours listphiladelphia flower showbrooklyn chocolate toursight & sound theatereastern state penitentiary & barnes museumthe greenbrier - america's resortbaltimore oriolesst. michaels maryland - crab claw restaurantbrooklyn pizza tourocean city, marylandus open tennis tournamentthe best of cape cod: martha's vineyard, provincetown & nantucketniagara falls and torontonew york city line runatlantic city line runcontact us












a superior experience 
 anywhere & everywhere
call today




create memories
 tour specials
more information




experience superior tours
 new york line run
more information











about us
family owned and operated
superior tours is a family-owned, full service transportation company located in baltimore, maryland. we have proudly been serving our customers for nearly 30 years! all of our motorcoaches are brand new, seat 56 passengers, and are fully equipped
						with state-of-art amenities
charter bus service
superior tours is proud to be the transportation provider for many collegiate activities, school field trips, corporate events, weddings, senior trips and more.
read more










 charter our buses to
							 anywhere and everywhere in u.s.a.
							  
						

contact us









current trips & tours specials





 

new york city




 

atlantic city




 

charter service




 

best of cape cod




 

niagara falls




 

st. michaels



view all trips









group trips 
sports teams 
corporate events 
students


charter bus
								 group trips
superior tours has provided outstanding motorcoach tour options for groups across the united states and canada since 1996. providing safe, comfortable, effortless travel is always our goal! whether you are planning a daytrip to a local destination
								or a multi-day getaway, you’ll be traveling in comfort with our beautiful brand new, 56 passenger motorcoaches. let our experienced staff assist you today!
request a quote



charter bus
								 team transportation
from a season of travel for college and professional teams, to high school away games, your winning team deserves the best! let our experienced staff find the perfect solution for all of your team’s transportation needs. superior tours is experienced
								in providing transportation needs for high school, college, and professional sports teams. call today to find out how we can serve you!
request a quote



charter bus
								 corporate transportation
planning a corporate event? let our experienced staff provide for all your transportation needs! we are available to assist you when planning transportation services for your company – wherever and whenever you need it. count on superior tours
								to get you there in one of our safe, well maintained motor coaches, with highly experienced motor coach operators.
request a quote



charted bus
								 school trips
superior tours has transported students of all ages (young and old) on field trips and events throughout the united states and canada. it is our goal to provide students with a window to the world of learning outside of the classroom.
request a quote














latest information
covid-19 update
for more nearly 30 years, superior tours has lived by the core value of treating every customer like they are a member of our family. this prevailing value has provided guidance as we have navigated through the unchartered waters these past ten months.
although it is never easy to disrupt operations for any business, the covid-19 pandemic has done just that. from transportion for countless weddings, field trips, sporting events, family reunions...the list goes on and on...superior tours, along
						with the entire motorcoach industry, has come to a screeching halt. the industry plays a vital role in the movement of countless numbers of people each and everyday, yet we received no federal aid as extended to other modes of transportation, including
						airlines, trains and cruise lines. please watch this important video, buses move america, on how our entire industry has been affected by the covid-19 pandemic.
more info




















410-602-1704/1-800-754-9097
info@superiortours.net
contact us











quick links



  





about us

charter

tour specials

gallery

faq




new york city line run

atlantic city line run

contact us




superior tours 
subscribe to newsletter







submit






© 2025 superior tours. privacy policy





















