




welcome — royal stuart society













bootstrap



































































welcome
about the rss
events
dynasty
shop
publications

join












monarchist and traditionalist
founded in 1926, we are the senior monarchist organisation in the united kingdom







welcome to the royal stuart society

            welcome to the website of the royal stuart society. founded in 1926, we are the senior monarchist organisation in the
            united kingdom.
          






we are a monarchist and traditionalist organisation whose basis is defined in our objectives which are:



                to be open to all who have an interest in the members of the royal house of stuart, their descendants and supporters
              


                to promote research in and further knowledge of stuart history
              


                to uphold rightful monarchy and oppose republicanism
              


                to arrange such commemorations, lectures and other activities as shall advance these objects.
              


              the society was founded by captain henry stuart wheatly-crowe and the representatives of organisations such the
              royalist association and various almost defunct or moribund jacobite bodies. due to this, we can be regarded in many
              ways as a successor and continuation of these bodies. lionel erskine-young, the 28th earl of mar
              (1891‐1965) and reginald lindesay-bethune, the 12th earl of lindsay (1867‐1939) were also instrumental in
              setting up the society and did much work in the early years.
            

              the society organises various annual and occasional events to commemorate the major anniversaries of stuart and
              royalist interest. details of these are posted on the website and in the newsletter which is sent to members.
            










about the society

                read about the structue of the royal stuart society including the governor general and our distinguished vice
                preseidents.
              

                read more
                






events

                the society organises various annual and occasional events to commemorate the major anniversaries of stuart and
                royalist interest.
              

                find an event
                








shop
the society is pleased to offer a range of ties and a ladies headscarf for sale from our online shop.

                browse the shop
                














  

the senior monarchist organisation in the united kingdom.




quick links

welcome
about the rss
events
dynasty
shop
publications






membership

renew subscription
join the rss








copyright 2011 - 2023 © landour. all rights reserved.











application to join the society




              all those who are in sympathy with the spirit and aims of the society as shown in the summary and character section of
              this site are encouraged to apply for membership.
            
membership fees are:

uk members
£22 per annum
non‐uk members
£27 per annum
life membership (uk and non‐uk members)
£250


              if you would like to be considered for membership of the royal stuart society, please click on "apply" below and
              follow the instructions.
            


close

              apply
            









application to join the society




              to complete you application, please fill out the form below and make and a payment for your prospective subscription.
            





personal details


full name





email address



password



next








close









