












aqueon




















































 







where to buy 






newsletter                








x 
 







 
































 


 















products



aquariums


aquarium starter kits


cleaning & maintenance


decor & substrate


filters & media


food


furniture


glass tops


heating


lighting


pond


pumps


water & plant care


blueiq


 



resources



ultimate fishkeeping guide


blog


care guides


faqs


instructions & set up


product catalog


satisfaction guarantee


videos


warranty


blueiq


 



promotions



coupons


rebates


 



about us



about us


contact us


 


 



where to buy
newsletter

 








 








 







aqueon® smartclean power filters with adjustable flow rates and ecorenew cartridges• simplifies water changes• customized performance for your aquatic environment• sustainable filter cartridges are biodegradable, compostable, and better for the environment

learn more









aqueon optibright® smart led lightscreate an environment for you and your fish to enjoy! this slim, low-profile light is fully customizable with the free aqueon blueiq™ app by connecting using wi-fi or bluetooth.

learn more









aqueon nutrinsect fish foods100% fish-free formula - does not contain fishmeal, whole fish, or fish oils, providing fish with a meal like the one they would naturally eat in the wild!

learn more









aqueon® aquapacs™tank care made simple with one ball treating up to 10 gallons of water! no measuring, no overdosing. no hassle.

learn more









aqueon stick’ems freeze-dried treatsstick’ems stick to the side of the tank, giving owners a more up-close and personal experience with their fish as they eat, making them a part of the experience rather than a mere onlooker. 

learn more









aqueon® 7-in-1 and ammonia aquarium test stripsare an easy-to-use tool for monitoring water parameters in your aquarium, making it simple to identify imbalances or issues with water quality and take the necessary corrective actions. regular testing is key to creating a healthy and thriving aquatic environment for your freshwater and saltwater fish!

learn more





 



 



blogthere is no better way to become captivated with the hobby of fishkeeping than setting up your own aquatic environment and experiencing its beauty as it thrives. to make it even easier, aqueon has provided blogs that will focus on some of the finer points of fishkeeping, helpful tips and interesting facts about the hobby.

articles

care guideswhether you are considering purchasing new fish to add to your aquarium or wondering how to care for your current fish, our care guides will provide you with helpful tips and requirements about specific species.

care-guides

videosif you are looking for additional information about aquarium keeping, product information or tips to succeeding, aqueon has an array of videos to choose from to assist you.

videos



 






powered by curator.io


 

 















 

family of brands


 

 














resource links


care guides 

instructions & setup 










 





 











privacy policy 

terms of use 

warranty 













contact us

aqueon products
central aquatics
5401 west oakwood park drive
franklin, wi 53132
888-255-4527
 
@2021 aqueon inc. all rights reserved.
all trademarks are either the property of central garden & pet company, its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliated and/or related companies or the property of their respective owners. 



 









 

