

 friends of wanamaker organ – celebrating the heritage of a national historic landmark pipe organ














skip to content menu  celebrating the heritage of a national historic landmark pipe organ home 
music & visiting daily concerts 
special concerts 
christmas light show 
wanamaker organ tours 
broadcasts 
news stories 
the friends wurlitzer 
directions to macy’s 

history & specs restoration overview 
about the organ 
the stoplist 
store lore 
wanamaker organists 
john wanamaker 
rodman wanamaker 
george ashdown audsley 
listener guide / music samples 
the ongoing restoration 

join us! about the friends 
join our ranks! 
renew your membership 
sample our newsletter 
receive our newsletter 
make a donation 
sponsor a project 
named gifts 
make a bequest 

contact us 
web store cds and dvds 
books & gifts 
cafepress store 
membership renewal 
tours / join the friends 
christmas 
make a donation 
concert tickets 

 close menu  join the friendsenjoy daily concertsspecial concertstake a tourdirections to macy’sjohn wanamakerbooks, cds and dvdsfun factsmacy’s light showconcert broadcaststhe restorationvisitors guide
 
join the friendsenjoy daily concertsspecial concertstake a tourdirections to macy’sjohn wanamakerbooks, cds and dvdsfun factsmacy’s light showconcert broadcaststhe restorationvisitors guide
 
            
america’s premier pipe organ experience
important news updates
email the friends for more info: execdirec@wanamakerorgan.com
 
news bulletin 1/16/2025
excellent news from t.f. cornerstone:
 

“tf cornerstone recognizes the historical and cultural significance of the organ in the wanamaker building.  our company has a long history in new york as a partner to carnegie hall and understands the way music resonates through a city.  we are committed to the preservation of the organ and ensuring it remains a cherished part of the space.  we are arranging to meet with the friends of the organ and look forward to working closely with them, macy’s and other stakeholders to determine the best path forward for the organ’s future care and stewardship.” 


the friends of the wanamaker organ has been gratified by the overwhelming response to our cause. we will need your support moving forward. please consider a contribution to further our work on your behalf. over its 30 year history the friends of the wanamaker organ has raised more than 11 million dollars on behalf of the cause of the wanamaker organ, and our restoration work is ongoing. macy’s is slated to close march 23 and daily concerts will continue until that time.
 

 
 

please join our ranks using the banner above and receive our lavish quarterly newsletter. or make a crucial tax deductible contribution clicking the red banner below. please help us navigate the new year with the resources we need at a time of major transition, as we seek to preserve our musical masterpiece and unlock yet more musical beauty!


special thanks to the many volunteers who make our concerts such smooth running operations, and particularly to claire whiting, who manages volunteers and comes all the way from florida to take part. 
all volunteers can take pride in the magnificent work you have been doing. thanks also to macy’s for their generous offering of salads and sandwiches for our volunteers at these events, which is also most appreciated!
enjoy our spring concert archival streamcast with gordon turk! click the banner below

free daily wanamaker organ concerts in macy’s grand court are held year-round monday through saturday at noon and 5:30 pm. experience for yourself the thrill of hearing the world’s largest playing pipe organ. it “out-ranks” all others with more sets of pipes than any other instrument on earth.
at macy’s—where philadelphia’s avenue of the arts starts!
look to this space for upcoming news on concerts and events. detailed information on events and the restoration, as well as interesting history and background is av ailable to members of the friends of the wanamaker organ through our 16-page quarterly newsletter the stentor, included free with membership. new members may join here for just $25.










congratulations to this  year’s group of stellar students from our sansom grant masterclasses! left to right with teachers alan morrison and peter richard conte are henry dangerfield, jon bolena, michael guarnieri, cadence brassard and sarah ku.
friends members who donate at certain gift levels are eligible for premium gifts—our gift to you. please take advantage of these opportunities, available when you renew for 2024 at the top of this page!

particular thanks for all of you who made the june 2023 wanamaker organ day such a spectacular success! with your support we are producing excellence!


paid monthly tours have resumed! tickets are available under the tour section of our webstore. secure your admissions now!
the wanamaker organ—where philadelphia’s avenue of the arts begins!
listen to a public radio tale of two pandemics—and the wanamaker organ—below!
michael barone’s pipedreams presents a virtual wanamaker organ day here!
our latest dvd, symphonic splendor is available for purchase from the dvd section of our webstore, with immediate shipping! don’t miss this stupendous new production—enjoy the finest in wanamaker organ music with orchestra from the comfort of your own home! click here to sample  the dvd!
watch a 6abc tribute to the wanamaker organ by clicking  the box above!enjoy a pipedreams michael stairs tribute featuring the wanamaker organ here! 
email the friends for more info: execdirec@wanamakerorgan.com

 
 

june 22, 2021 was the wanamaker organ’s 110th birthday! for the occasion the mighty founder’s bell atop one south broad was rung 110 times, and peter richard conte played two special concerts. the story is here! also here! also here!
june was “pipe organ month” in philadelphia, and during the month of june 2021 we streamed and archived special peter richard conte after hours concerts first broadcast each wednesday at 1 p.m. for the link to the wednesday june 2 concert, click here!  for the june 9 concert, click here!  for the june 16 concert, click here! for the june 23 concert click here! for the june 30 concert, click here! 

 
paid monthly tours are in full swing! tickets are available under the tour section of our webstore. secure your admissions now!
michael barone’s pipedreams presents a virtual wanamaker organ day here!
click items below for a free wanamaker organ virtual concert!
hear peter richard conte play moonlight music from richard strauss’s capriccio herehear thomas murray play mouret’s rondeau herehear peter richard conte play the scherzo from the guilmant sonata viii herehear thomas murray play grieg;s anitra’s dance herehear thomas murray play elgar’s imperial march herehear peter richard conte and philadelphia orchestra concertmaster david kim in a bach duet herehear conte and kim in the bach/gounod ave maria in a presentation celebrating the artistic and musical legacy of rodman wanamaker, hereconte and kim play fritz kreisler’s preludium and allegro hereand the duo play the meditation from thais by massenet herespend some quality time checking out our cd and dvd sampler!

enjoy scenes from our around the wanamaker organ in 80 minutes dvd here
sample the keith chapman diamond anniversary wanamaker organ concert hereexplore the tonal resources of the wanamaker organ with our sonic odyssey sampler herethrill to rachmaninoff concerto samples for organ and piano hereenjoy highlights from our symphonic splendor organ and orchestra cd dvd set hereexplore the wanamaker organ with our curator’s tour starring michael barone and curt mangel, sampled hereall these titles are available for purchase and immediate shipping at our webstore.announcement:  scroll down to see our latest cd and dvd! 
an enticing selection of wanamaker organ cds, dvds and books is available for purchase at our webstore, with immediate shipping, and at the macy’s info desk on the first floor, market, at the entrance to the grand court. visiting during the holidays? check out our macy’s light show feature by clicking on the menu at left.
enjoy a pipedreams michael stairs tribute featuring the wanamaker organ here! 

 

paid monthly tours have resumed! tickets are available under the tour section of our webstore. secure your admissions now!
an enticing selection of wanamaker organ cds, dvds and books is available for purchase at our webstore, with immediate shipping, and at the macy’s info desk on the first floor, market, at the entrance to the grand court. visiting during the holidays? check out our macy’s light show feature from the menu at left!
watch a 6abc tribute to the wanamaker organ by clicking  the box above!enjoy a pipedreams michael stairs tribute featuring the wanamaker organ here! 
christmas
homepage
listening
restoration overview
 enjoy hours of archived shows from the wrti wanamaker organ hour! a wonderful archive of shows from the wrti wanamaker organ hour program is available here for your internet listening pleasure!  (you must open this post for the link to work.)  the site is maintained by julien girard, a french aficionado now living in quebec, with french-language names for the month of the original broadcast dates. prepaid tours of the chambers take a tour!  admission to our monthly last-saturday-of-the-month organ tours are available by securing admissions at our webstore tour section.  advance notice is no longer required for groups of five or smaller.  you may purchase your admissions clicking here and meet your tour guide nik sizgorich at noon at the eagle on the designated tour day […] remembering bill bragg we are very sorry to report that our beloved bill bragg, the longtime voice of big tex at the texas state fair and the voice of the wanamaker organ over our kiosk and the weekly yesterdayusa broadcast, passed away friday june 28. more is at the wanamaker organ friends and fans facebook page and searchable […] become a member our membership renewal period is still in full swing. we rely on donations from people like yourself who understand the complexity of the wanamaker organ and all that is required to keep it playing to accomplish our mission. increased giving makes us eligible for increased grant amounts. for early birds and those who want to join […]   
 
 
 
  
friends of wanamaker organthe friends of the wanamaker organ, inc.
630 hidden valley road, king of prussia, pa 19406-1712
(484) 684-7250
execdirec@wanamakerorgan.com
© friends of wanamaker organ 2025




 

