











home | healthinaging.org







      skip to main content
    











healthinaging.org
trusted information. better care.









top secondary menu


foundation


donate



















main navigation



menu

menu





  about us 

about us submenu





  about this website 


  about the health in aging foundation 


  about the american geriatrics society 






  aging & health a-z 

aging & health a-z submenu





  coronavirus (covid-19) 


  dementia 


  fall prevention 


  high blood pressure (hypertension) 


  stroke 


  see all topics 






  medications & older adults 

medications & older adults submenu





  medications work differently in older adults 


  medications that older adults should avoid or use with caution 


  complementary remedies 


  what older adults can do to manage medications 






  age-friendly healthcare & you 

age-friendly healthcare & you submenu





  care for what matters most 


  care for medications 


  care for the mind 


  care for mobility 


  care for multiple health concerns 


  care settings 






  cultural navigator 




  vaccinations for older adults 





















 











are you taking care to take care?
are you a caregiver? take our online quiz to see if your stress level is affecting your health.

learn more






 











make a difference today
help support the next generation of health professionals. donate to the health in aging foundation.

donate






 











ten medications older adults should avoid or use with caution

learn more






 











 
2024 vaccination update
some things that affect our health are outside of our control. however, we do have the power to change some things that put us at risk for getting sick. this includes vaccinations, sometimes called shots, that help protect us from certain illnesses. take a look at the most up-to-date information on important vaccinations for older adults.

learn more

















we’re here to help you with your questions about covid19 vaccination. see our get the basics on covid-19 vaccines for older adults (65+) or watch our video about covid-19 vaccines here. to learn more about covid19, click here.







powered by professionals at the american geriatrics society, this website provides expert health information for older adults and caregivers about critical issues we all face as we age.







the ags health in aging foundation will never call or send an email requesting (or suggesting that we have) information about your social security number, your medicare/medicaid enrollment, or other personal data regarding insurance, banking, etc. if you receive a suspicious call or email suggesting it’s from the ags or ags health in aging foundation, please call (212-308-1414) or email us (info.amger@americangeriatrics.org) before proceeding. we're always here to help!



















 





caregiver health: how are you?


are you a caregiver? take our new online quiz to see if your stress is affecting your health.


learn more
					
learn more about caregiver health








 





find a geriatrics professional


a list of healthcare professionals in your area who are sensitive to the special health care needs of older adults.


learn more
					
learn more about finding a geriatrics professional








 





powered by experts in older adult care


the american geriatrics society and its health in aging foundation are the professionals behind our expertise.


learn more
					
learn more about american geriatrics society and health in aging foundation
















 





tools and tips



find a collection of valuable resources providing additional guidance and information for the health and well-being of older adults with our tools and tips!



learn more
					
tools and tips








 





wellness & prevention


access important information about wellness, preventative health, and other issues that can keep us healthy and safe for as long as possible.


learn more
					
wellness and prevention landing page








 





advocacy


the ags mission is to improve the health, independence, and quality of life of all older people.


learn more
					
learn more about advocacy

















social media


facebook


twitter




social media bar right menu


join our email list














contact us
health in aging
40 fulton st., suite 809
new york, ny 10038
phone: 212.308.1414
email us







quick links



tools & tips


media center


find a geriatrics healthcare professional


donate to the foundation


blog


join our e-mailing list


directory of health organizations









legal & governance

foundation



hiaf bylaws


copyright & permissions


terms of use


privacy policy


disclaimer


accessibility statement







 

















		  		©2025 ags health in aging foundation all rights reserved.
		  		healthinaging.org does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. see additional information.











