


clarice cliff, moorcroft and other collectable pottery ceramics













 

















tel: 01295 255910

moorcroft antiques








home & new itemsmoorcroft & coalportclarice cliff & royal doultonother ceramics & glasswarefurniture & more ceramicsadministration








welcome from john & sue steelwe specialise in moorcroft, clarice cliff susie cooper, royal doulton, coalport, royal worcester and poole ceramics, as well as small pieces of furniture. we have over the last 25 years gained a great deal of knowledge of the areas that we specialise in. details of some of our past and present pieces are included in editions of the book, "millers collectables price guide". we believe in selling quality items, and also selling them at a fair price. if you are looking for a particular piece of clarice cliff, moorcroft, susie cooper, royal doulton, coalport, royal worcester, poole or other ceramic pieces, and you do not see it displayed here please let us know and we will try to obtain it for you. if you are interested in purchasing any of the items on our web site and/or using our antique search service, please e-mail us at: johnseniorsteel@btinternet.com or telephone 01295 255910see below special sale of some of our collectable items - including moorcroft & clarice cliff & coinsplease see below some of the collectable items in our special sale, including moorcroft ceramics; clarice cliff ceramics; royal doulton, coalport and royal worcester figurines; poole ceramics & coins.clarice cliff taormina pattern vase - in green colourway a clarice cliff vase in the taormina pattern, in the green colourway. hand painted with a stylised tree in the foreground, and has etched foliage on the tree and around the base. in addition, there is a posy of flowers on one side of the vase.  the shape of the vase is the 602 shape. the taormina pattern is named after the italian mediterranean island, and was issued in 1936. the back stamp on the base of the vase is “clarice cliff wilkinson ltd england” all in black. height of the vase is 2.125 inches; diameter at top of vase is 3.375 inches; diameter at base of vase is 2 inches. in excellent condition.  price:  £105 (pounds sterling), plus post & packing.soldjapanese decorative satsuma vasea japanese satsuma vase which is hand painted with highly decorated fine work, the detailed  work is extremely fine, with abundant different types of flowers and japanese monks dispersed between the flowers. around the base and top of the vase there is gold band strapping. this is a very impressive satsuma vase. the back stamp on the base of the vase is “hand painted satsuma” in red, and in addition a square block with marks including the satsuma mark and the painters mark also red. height is 8 inches; diameter of vase at the widest point is 4 inches. in excellent condition.  price:  £60 (pounds sterling), plus post & packing.soldvintage 1920s carlton ware blue lustre bowl - chinoiserie blue barge designa vintage carlton ware lustre ware bowl in blue, in the chinoiserie blue barge pattern, with orange, green and yellow enamels and gilding on a deep mottled blue ground. the bowl depicts an oriental water garden and pavilion setting. this design is pattern number 2519, and was designed by horace wain. the bowl was released in 1921.the back stamp on the base of the bowl is the carlton ware bluebird and crown mark. the blue bird being inside a circle with a crown on top and w & r and stoke on trent around the circumference of the circle. underneath the circle is carlton ware, made in england. all of the back stamp is in black.  this back stamp was used from 1920 to 1926. also the number 2519 and v in red are also on the base. diameter of bowl is 10 inches; height is 3.75 inches. in excellent condition.price:  £60 (pounds sterling), plus post & packing.soldart deco style figurine table lamp in bronze effecta resin bronze effect figural art deco  style table lamp modelled with a seated cherub upon a stepped circular base. the shade is a frosted petalled white glass shade. its unique design and use of materials make it a true statement piece in any room. height is 20 inches; diameter of base is 4 inches. the lamp base is in excellent conditionplease note: the lamp base has not been electrically tested. as with all second hand electrical goods, it is recommended that the purchaser has it electrically tested by a professional before using it.price:  £60 (pounds sterling), plus post & packaging.  sold19th century villeroy & boch stoneware jara 19th century villeroy & boch stoneware jar, which has an aesthetic pattern of  petals arranged in a layered shape. this shape is repeated all around the sides of the vase. there are gold bands at the top & bottom of the vase. villeroy & boch was founded 275 years ago in dresden. the back stamp on the base of the vase has the head of mercury with winged helmet, and a sceptre on both sides of mercury with twined material on both sides. plus, a horizontal banner underneath mercury, with villeroy & boch written within it. then underneath this is a semi-circular banner with vettlech written  in  it. all in green. also written on the base is a square box with the number 3058 within it. this is in black. this back stamp was used from 1874 to 1909. the height is 5.5 inches; diameter is 4 inches at the widest point of the vase. in excellent condition. price:  £30 (pounds sterling), plus post & packaging.  soldbleikristall 24% lead crystal glass piecea bleikristall 24% lead crystal glass piece, made in germany by bleikristall. there are two parts to the crystal glass piece. a flat crystal glass base plate which curves upwards at the two ends, and an ovoid crystal glass piece with yellow colouring on its bottom half and which stands in the middle of the crystal glass base plate. there is a gold sticker on the top of the crystal glass plate, which has on it “bleikristall made in germany 24%”, confirming the 24% lead content. there is a back stamp on the front of the crystal glass base plate which states, “rosenthal with crossed knives and crown at halfway point between this word and also studio-line, germany”. the crystal glass base plate has a length of 8.2 inches and a width of 5.5 inches. the ovoid crystal glass piece has a length of 5 inches and a width of 4 inches. in excellent condition.   price:  £30 (pounds sterling), plus post & packaging.  soldlucy goodwin designs red mini purse vasea mini purse vase produced by lucy goodwin designs based in stoke on trent in the potteries landscape design. which is depicting a typical scene of the potteries in the nineteenth & early twentieth century, with the bottle kilns in the background. the design on the vase is in the red colourway.  this lucy goodwin designs piece is hand crafted and hand painted art pottery. the vase was individually crafted with clay using the slip moulding method. due to hand painting no two designs are identical, ensuring that each vase is different and unique. the back stamp on the base of the vase is “ lucy goodwin designs, handmade in england (all in light brown) and  lg 14 in silver”. the height of the vase is 3.125 inches, and the width is 1.25 inches. in excellent condition.price:  £10 (pounds sterling), plus post & packaging.sold gozo glass small vase from the seaweed collection a gozo glass small vase in the seaweed design. the design transports one to an underwater paradise. a gauzy mother of pearl sheen covers the entire piece, and the play of light of the blue and green tints creates the impression of a bed of gently swaying green seaweed. this small vase is flat in shape. gozo glass is a family-run business from the island of gozo in malta, devoted to making affordable, high quality studio glass. each piece of glass is made of the highest quality materials brought from venice, italy and individually handmade. there is no back stamp, but on one side of the vase at the top is “gozo g*l*a*s*s”. height of the vase is 3 inches, and a width is 1.5 inches. in excellent condition.price:  £20 (pounds sterling), plus post & packaging. soldiridescent electric blue carnival glass bowla stunning iridescent electric blue carnival glass bowl, being very vivid in colour. it has a pedestal bas, which does not have iridescence in the colour as expected in carnival glass. the height of the carnival glass bowl is 3 inches, and the diameter of the carnival glass bowl is 5.75 inches. in excellent condition.price:  £20 (pounds sterling), plus post & packaging.   soldthe official queen elizabeth 2nd diamond jubilee uk £5 cointhis £5 coin was issued in the uk in 2012 to celebrate the 60th year reign of queen elizabeth 2nd from 1952 to 2012. the observe and reverse faces of the coin have portraits of her majesty, which were created especially for the diamond jubilee by ian rank-broadley frbs. this coin is the first ever uk coin to feature queen elizabeth 2nd full profile on both sides, and so is a rare design. both the coin and the packaging are in mint condition.  price:  £40 (pounds sterling), plus post & packaging. three falkland islands  uncirculated fifty pence coins to celebrate queen elizabeth 2nd golden jubileethree uncirculated silver 50 pence coins issued in the falkland islands in 2002 celebrating the golden jubilee of queen elizabeth 2nd. each coin is silver proof struck in solid .925 sterling silver. the coins have been struck to proof quality using specially prepared dies and highly polished blanks. the obverse of each coin has the portrait of queen elizabeth 2nd designed by raphael maklouf. on the reverse side of one of the coins is the image of the throne; on the reverse of another of the coins is the image of the queen on the throne with the royal sceptre; and on the reverse of the third coin is the image of the queen speaking into a microphone. on the reverse of each of the three coins is red, blue & white bunting at the top of the coin. all three coins are in mint condition.    price:  £40 (pounds sterling), plus post & packaging.  2005 admiral horatio nelson five pound coina silver uk five pound coin made of cupronickel that was issued in 2005 to celebrate the bicentenary of horatio nelson. the obverse of the coin has the ian rank-broadley bust of queen elizabeth 2nd. the reverse of the coin has the front facing bust of admiral horatio nelson by james butler, and the dates 1805 and 2005. this coin is no longer available from the mint, and so is scarce. the coin is in excellent condition.  price:  £40 (pounds sterling), plus post & packaging. 1999 uk five pounds princess diana memorial cointhis five pound coin was issued in the uk by the royal mint in 1999, following the death of princess diana to commemorate her life. the obverse side of the coin has a bust of the queen. on the reverse side of the coin is an engraved portrait of princess diana by david cornell and the dates 1961 to 1997. the coin is in excellent condition.   price:  £30 (pounds sterling), plus post & packaging.  poole pillar vasea poole pillar vase, in a vibrant, colourful pattern. the interior of the vase has a deep cobalt blue background. the following back stamp is on the base of the vase: "poole, england" and also has the letter "h". it is 6.5 inches in height; and 3.25 inches in diameter. in excellent conditionprice:  £30 (pounds sterling), plus post & packaging.     four gold plated queen elizabeth 2nd diamond wedding photographic portrait coinsfour 24 carat gold plated one dollar coins issued in the cook islands in 2007 celebrating the diamond wedding of queen elizabeth 2nd and prince philip on the 60th year of their marriage. the coins are crown size and struck to a dazzling proof finish, and were minted in a limited edition. on the obverse side of the coins are colour photographic images, with one of the happy couple greeting the crowds; the couple on their wedding day; the couple at their engagement; and the couple as they were at their diamond wedding anniversary. on the reverse side is queen elizabeth 2nd's head. each one of the coins has their own certificate of authenticity. all the coins are in mint condition.   price:  £60 (pounds sterling), plus post & packaging. cath kidston rose print tote bag a cath kidston rose print tote bag in aqua shade.it has an open top with one inner pocket, and two handle straps. body of bag is 14.75 inches in height and 12.5 inches in width. in excellent condition. price: £12 (pounds sterling), plus post & packing. soldcath kidston mini smudge spot cerise handbaga cath kidston mini smudge spot cerise handbag. it has a zip at the top for the main compartment of the handbag. there are three inner pockets inside the handbag, one of which has a zip. in addition, there is a pocket with a zip on the outside of the handbag. there are two handles for carrying the handbag, and a shoulder strap. body of handbag is 9.5 inches in height and 16 inches in width. in excellent condition. price: £10 (pounds sterling), plus post & packing. sold
click





©2025 moorcroft antiques — powered by webstallcookies are set by this site. to decline them or find out more visit our cookie page







01295 255910
click here to email



share, email & print



















©2025 moorcroft antiques — powered by webstallcookies are set by this site. to decline them or find out more visit our cookie page




