




  














home - concrete pumps
























































';
				
 













© dfd - power elite author 










 

























 













home
about us
brick, block & paver making

diy floor laying machines
small capacity machines
medium capacity machines
large capacity machines


pan mixers

turbine pan mixers
counter current pan mixers
planetary pan mixers


pre-cast concrete products

concrete roof tile machinery


construction & civil

sem concrete placer pumps
sem concreting placer units
guniting / shotcrete machines
grouting pumps


contact us
 







 










concrete equipment,solutions & technology










 



we are part of pmsa®, africa’s leading and largest manufacturer of concrete equipment and machinery. our products are strong because they are built to last®.
ask us for advice
 
 



we service and supply the kwazulu-natal province with the full range of pmsa concrete equipment. incredible progress has been made in the building and construction industry since we started in 1968, with a simple sem concrete placer pump. this was specially developed to suit the civil, building and mining industries in south africa.
customers all over africa now use pmsa concrete brick, block and paving machines to develop new homes and infrastructure. our strong concrete solutions help build small businesses, large construction companies and concrete product factories.


 


how do you use concrete in your business?










brick, block and paver making machinery


if you are making concrete bricks, or involved in the manufacture of concrete products, we offer a wide variety of machinery for small, medium and large businesses. custom made batching plants are available for large enterprises.

 learn more










pan mixers


if you are building and mixing concrete, we can supply you with a concrete pan mixer. we have a selection of different sizes and types, to suit your building environment.

 learn more










pre-cast concrete product machinery


for the production of concrete roof tiles, our range starts with manual machines producing 500 roof tiles / day and extends to automated plants producing over 60 000 roof tiles / day.

 learn more










construction and civil concrete equipment


the right concrete pumping and placement products are important to the success of a project. we offer up-to-date truck mounted concrete pumps, placer pumps and combination concreting units.

 learn more




contact us for advice

 


how can we help you to speed up concrete production?ask us to advise you on the right equipment for your project.contact us

 


brick, block and paver making machinery














manual diy & egglayers for making concrete blocks


start here if you are interested in diy moulds or a small machine that makes concrete bricks by hand. we have a variety of moulds and diy floor laying machines. these make up to 170 – 16 800 bricks per 9 hour shift.

 go to diy floor laying machinessmall capacity block machines


small businesses use these strong pmsa uni machines to produce high-quality bricks, pavers, hollow blocks, decking blocks, retaining wall blocks and garden kerbs. make 11 200 to 16 800 bricks per 9 hour shift.

 go to small capacity machines

 


medium brick and block machines


manufacture 28 000 to 60 000 bricks per 9 hour shift with the vbx or re600 block machines.

 go to medium capacity machineslarge capacity machines


these high volume machines can produce 108 000 to 198 000 bricks per 9 hour shift. we also offer complete batching plant solutions, specifically designed for your operation.

 go to large capacity machines











 


pan mixers














turbine pan mixers


small, strong turbine pan mixers are suitable for mixing cement and other materials. dry filling capacity of 100 to 500 litres.

 go to turbine pan mixerscounter current pan mixers


for medium sized operations, a counter current pan mixer is popular. dry filling capacity of 500  litres to 2 000 litres.

 go to counter current pan mixersplanetary pan mixers


planetary pan mixers have loading capacities to suit both small and large operations, with loading capacities of 375 to 6 000 litres.

 go to planetary pan mixers

 


pre-cast concrete product machinery




concrete roof tile machinery


broad range of high quality equipment for the manufacture of concrete roof tiles. plus curing solutions, batching plants and packaging plants.

 go to concrete roof tile machines











 


construction and civil concrete equipment














concrete placer pumps


sem concrete placer pumps for placing concrete and other materials in pipelines, mines and difficult site conditions. simple and economical concrete pump.

 go to sem concrete placer concrete pumpsconcreting units


concrete placer units combine a concrete mixer and pump together in one compact unit. ideal for guniting, shotcreting and underground placing.

 go to sem concreting units

 


guniting machines


rockcrete machines using shotcrete technology, mainly used for tunneling and mining.

 go to guniting machinesgrouting pumps


we supply a range of economical concrete grout pumps. portable and handy for small grouting jobs.

 go to grouting pumps










 


not sure where to start?ask us for advice

 


project references

 











construction of road bridge at bobonong, botswana


the contract involved the construction of botswana’s largest bridge.
we supplied a sem 500 concrete placer pump with accessories.
the pumping involved no special records in distance or height or output. but this was a typical sem application – the contractor selecting an affordable tool that suited the medium-sized contract in a remote area – a tool that performed without breakdowns and which gave concrete placing costs that made a profit.

 construction of underground pump station at blyvooruitsicht gold mine, south africa


for mining reasons it was found necessary to re-site the underground pumping station at no. 4 shaft. the projected amount of concrete to be placed was close to 6000 mł.
the mine purchased a sem 200/100 concreting unit to do the concrete mixing and placing. in the words of the foreman / fitter in the engineering department:
“we have to date mixed and pumped concrete with the sem unit for approximately 2 500 hours with an average output of 2 mł per hour. we have pumped the concrete into all our new settlers, dam walls and pump foundations over distances up to 100m. a lot of the pumping took place downhill, which compared with horizontal pumping, can be problematic, unless you know what you are doing.”
he further adds: “on the next job i definitely will have the sem 200/100 concreting unit along. it is now hard to visualize doing the concrete work without it”.

 contact us for special reports
 
 












 
 

















we are part of pmsa®, africa’s leading and largest manufacturer of concrete equipment and machinery.

brick, block and paver making machinery
pan mixers
pre-cast concrete product machinery
construction and civil concrete equipment

our products are strong because they are built to last®.










031 303 13977 ballance road, windermere, berea, durbansem@concretepumps.co.za

 




 





© concrete pumps | online marketing by wild pursuit
this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

 

 






































 
