













home | sandusky


















































skip to main content








the ohio state university




help
buckeyelink
map
find people
webmail
search ohio state



 













cfaes
give today



osu extension 

sandusky
https://sandusky.osu.edu




college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences




sandusky county






menu





 

sandusky countyprogram areas4-h carteens4-h youth development4-h calendar, handbook, and additional resources4-h camp4-h county fair activity information4-h enrollment (clubs)4-h forms4-h horse program4-h newsletters4-h project books4-h project interview judging4-h shooting sports program4-h volunteer resourcescloverbudslivestock quality assurance (youth)ohio 4-h family guideagriculture and natural resourcessandusky county anr newscommunity developmentfamily and consumer sciencesfamily and consumer sciences videoshealthy financeshealthy peoplehealthy relationshipslunch and learn series recordingshelpful resourcesmaster gardener volunteerssnap-edeventscalendarpast eventsnewsaboutcounty staffphoto galleryosu extension 

 





 




ohio state university extension


sandusky county






sandusky county office 


 2000 countryside drive, suite d
fremont, oh 43420 
 phone: 419-334-6340419-334-6340 
 


directions to sandusky county extension office


  

 



hours of operation




 monday - thursday
8am- 4pm
closed friday 
   

 

 




home
you are hereosu extension » sandusky county » home









county news



  
2024 4-h volunteer training
the 2024 4-h year is kicking off with volunteer training! please see the schedule below for training options. pre-registration is not required.  

4-h equine tack sale event march 3rdthe sandusky county 4-h equine committee is hosting their 2024 equine event on sunday, march 3rd from 10am-2pm at the flower building at the sandusky county fairgrounds. this event includes a tack sale, equine educational topics, a food stand, and a silent auction to support 4-h horse programs and...  

sandusky county t-shirt contestnew this year sandusky county 4-h is hosting a t-shirt design contest. designs are due by january 15, 2024 by 4pm. winners will receive a free t-shirt with their design on it. 4-h families will be able to order the t-shirts with the design during the enrollment season.  
 


    more county news  

 



cfaes news




 how to safely store eggs and find alternatives amid rising prices  

 enrollment open for new improving weather and climate understanding in ohio online course  

 high school students invited to address global food security at the 2025 ohio youth institute  

 ohio 4-h spark expo returns to inspire the next generation of professionals   

 ohio state scientist unlocks natural, vibrant food color alternatives to red no. 3  

 strickler receives ohio state distinguished service award at 2024 autumn commencement   

 program to discuss leveraging the bioenergy potential of manure  

 growing the perfect christmas tree: ohio state researchers to launch new demonstration farm at cfaes wooster  


more cfaes news 
 

 





event calendar



there are currently no upcoming events.



    more events  

 

 










locate an office
we connect with people in all stages of life, from young children to older adults.  we work with families and children, farmers and businessowners, community leaders and elected officials to build better lives, better businesses and better communities to make ohio great.





locate an office in my county
locate a statewide office
extension personnel directory


 
 





©  2025 the ohio state university, college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences





sandusky county office 


 2000 countryside drive, suite d
fremont, oh 43420 
 phone: 419-334-6340419-334-6340 
 


directions to sandusky county extension office


  

 



hours of operation




 monday - thursday
8am- 4pm
closed friday 
   

 

 






the ohio state university
college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
ohio state university extension
ohio agricultural research and development center
ohio state ati









social media

osu extension facebook
osu extension youtube
 

 


2025 | 2120 fyffe road | room 3 ag admin bldg. | columbus, ohio 43210 | 614-292-6181
accessibility accommodation
if you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this content request accommodation here.
maintenance and support
this site designed and maintained by cfaes marketing and communications.  for technical support please contact the cfaes helpdesk. 
 cfaes diversity  |  nondiscrimination notice  |  site map





 










