



























paragon id













      skip to main content
    









select your language
englishfrench





































search













main navigation


what we do


transport & smart cities


ticketing platform (abt)the most complete and adaptable account-based-ticketing platforms on the market.


mobile ticketingthe mobile ticketing solution already used in over 100 cities


web portala user-friendly and intuitive online ticketing store for families and subscribers


tap & paya complete offer to pay for public transport with a contactless bank card


smart ticketing100 years' experience in the production and issuance of tickets and smartcards


mobility-as-a-service (maas)a multimodal integration to achieve a global and sustainable maas approach


real-time passenger informationa real-time information app delivering a pleasant experience to passengers


car park ticketsleading supplier of magnetic car park tickets, serving car park operators globally


car park ticket advertisingadverticket, the paragon id brand dedicated to the supply of car park advertising


terminalsask terminals, couplers and readers, the reference in the public transport market


secure access modulea unique experience in the management of sams and key ceremonies


secure servicesa range of secure services around card and document personalisation and mailing




track & trace


rain rfid inlaysa wide range of rain rfid inlays meeting arc certification for diverse markets


nfc inlaysnfc inlays for brand protection, payment and smart packaging applications


rfid labels & tagscombining label printing and high-tech rfid inlay manufacturing


conventional labelsspecialist in the design and manufacture of conventional, security and logistics labels


baggage tagsthe european leader in the supply of baggage tags in compliance with iata's regulations


integrated tracking solutionsrfid discovery offers a broad range of asset and location tracking solutions.


brand protectionrfid based solutions to protect your products, your brand and your reputation.


smart packagingsmart or connected packaging, adding value for both the brand and the consumer




payment


gift and loyalty cardsgift and loyalty cards for both small and large retail, leisure and hospitality customers.


payment cardspayment cards for large clients in the financial and retail sectors.


metal payment cards: licencing, inlays and dual-interface chip modulespioneer in the development of contactless technology in metal cards




e-id


epassport inlayse-covers for biometric passports, already used by more than 20 countries worldwide.


corelam for polycarbonate edatapagesthe thinnest contactless inlay available on the market, developped for edatapages


polycarbonate corelam for eid cardsthe  latest generation of contactless polycarbonate inlays developed for id cards and other id products


student id card solutions for universitiesfully personalised cards with photo id, uids, barcodes, qr codes etc. via our flexible dye-sub, re-transfer and digital print options




paragon id's technologies


rfid technologyrfid or radio frequency identification is a technology used to identify objects or people.


rtls platformrtls (real-time tracking systems) technology can be used to track the locations of assets, inventory or people in real time.


ticketing technologyparagon id's ticketing technologies cover the whole spectrum of secure physical and digital expertise.






sectors


automotive


aviation


finance


healthcare


logistics


luxury products


manufacturing


parking


pharmaceuticals


public transport & mobility


retail


secure identity




what's new


news


blogs


events




about us


paragon id


brands & subsidiaries


management team


corporate social responsibility


working for us




group


board members


shareholding


financial releases


financial reports


investors' presentations


other financial documents


other regulated information


shareholders' meeting




contact


search










select your language
englishfrench






























video file








 







what we do

read more





 






group





 






sustainability













description
secure technology for a connected world
paragon id designs, develops and delivers secure contactless identification solutions based on smart technologies including the platforms and software necessary for their deployment. 
our products, solutions, rfid applications and saas platforms aim to securely connect and locate people, products and things. 


tell me more







 







transport & smart cities

















leading provider of physical and digital smart ticketing solutions, our innovative and modular platforms support transport operators and cities worldwide with their mobility strategy.















 







track & trace

















as the largest manufacturer of rfid inlays in europe, our solutions include labels and tags for identification, location tracking and brand protection applications. our rfid discovery subsidiary offers multi-technology rtls platforms to track assets, inventory and people.









 







payment

















through our subsidiary thames technology, we are one of europe's largest and most trusted card issuing partners designing, manufacturing, personalising and distributing payment, gift, loyalty and other commercial cards including metal payment cards. 









 







e-id

















using the latest contactless technologies, paragon id is at the forefront of secure id production providing inlays for e-passports, e-datapages, e-id cards and driving licences.


















background image

 











heading
read our latest csr report. 



body
our latest csr report (non-financial performance statement) highlighting paragon id's approach, orientations and actions in terms of corporate social responsibility is published.
click below to read it. 


read our csr report












paragon id announces the renewal of its comprehensive arc quality certification by auburn university's rfid lab


paragon id welcomes card services australia (cardserv) and strengthens its position as the leading gift card supplier in australia and new zealand


the digital product passport: what you need to know about data carriers and product identifiers


everything you need to know about digital qr labels for wine bottles






 





paragon id is pleased to announce the renewal of its arc quality certification, confirming the company’s position as a leading manufacturer of rfid solutions.

read full article




 





cardserv brings a valuable local manufacturing and fulfilment presence, allowing paragon id to offer enhanced services for its global customers as well as local support to its customers in australia and new zealand.

read more




 





in this article, paragon id takes a close look at one very important part of the dpp, how to gain access to it via the different data carrier options available.

read full article




 





since 8 november 2023, the wine and spirits industry has been shaken up by new european union regulations. from that date, producers will have to display the composition of their products. 

read full article










      paragon id brands
    







carousel element image
 







carousel element image
 







carousel element image
 







carousel element image
 







carousel element image
 







carousel element image
 




























footer menu


data privacy


modern slavery statement


site info




















head office: paragon id, les aubépins, 18410 argent sur sauldre, france


copyright paragon id 2024



























