 




northeast firenews is owned and operated by john galla
    logo designed by jen galla and may not be reproduced without permission
      photos on this site are used with permission of the photographer
      and may not be used elsewhere without authorizationthis site is dedicated to our fallen firefighters, police, ems and militarytheir sacrifices will never be forgotten

last updated: 2/13/2025









join the northeast firenews facebook group and follow on twitter
   










there are no ex soldiers, sailors or airmen.the title is earned and not given. and what's earned is theirs forever.







northeast firenews recommends







pages of the website.  click on the link to bring you to that page


page
updated
description
link


photo submission guidelines6/22
pretty self explanatory. 


g's page
9/6/24
my page where i pass along website or other information.


 news andannouncements
2/13
the latest happenings including lodd notices, apparatus deliveries and orders, and department/agency news as well as up coming events, parades and benefits. includes older news as well if you need to catch up.


latest updates
2/13
lists all the latest photos added to the site as well as updates to the agency pages..



spotlight photos
2/13
updated every week with new photos for your enjoyment.


agency listings
2/13
new england fire department/ems/emergency management agencies lists w/ stations, patches, department info & photos. 


fire and incident photos
2/13
archive of fire scene, motor vehicle accident and other incident photos.


u.s. coast guard photos
8/15
u.s. coast guard ships, craft, helicopters, stations, lighthouses and patches.


museum photos
10/13
photos from fire and military museums i have been to



stoneham special photos
5/6
vintage photos from stoneham, ma fire, photos from the stoneham fire station 100th anniversary event and photos from stoneham touch a truck events



we remember
2/13
archive of death annoucements from the news page, special features, and links to military and firefighter casualty websites.


links
4/19
links to other websites


webmastern/a
about me as well as thanks and acknowledgements.


box 52
n/a
the official box 52 association website (i'm a member and the webmaster)



email
--
if you have any questions or comments, feel free to email me.  of course any news, information, or photos are always welcome.  if you are having issues with the email link button, start a blank email and copy and paste the email address northeastfirenews@gmail.com into your "to" line.  










firefighters prayer

when i'm called to duty god
wherever flames may rage
give me strength to save a life
whatever be its age
help me to embrace a little child
before it is too late
or save an older person from
the horror of that fate
enable me to be alert
to hear the weakest shout
and quickly and efficiently
to put the fire out
i want to fill my calling and
to give the best in me
to guard my neighbor and
protect his property
and if according to your will
i have to lose my life
bless with your protecting hand
my children and my wife.



