




saint george greek orthodox church taybeh home page
































































 home
christina books
housing project
 education fund
multimedia
fr. david's page
maria khoury
articles
faq's


contact us









                           all rights reserved.
                        

                           greek orthodox church
                           
                           taybeh
                           
                           palestine
                           
                           tel 972 2 289 8282
                        

                           copyright © 2021
                           
terms & conditions




 
                     



















                        labeled with icra
                        









                        design courtesy of sub deacon nicholas & nancy tentzeras @
                        orthodox christian net
                        










 







 



                                          troparion to saint george

                                          since thou art a liberator and deliverer of captives, a help and succour of the poor and needy, a healing physician of the sick, a contender and fighter for kings, o great among martyrs, the victory-clad george; intercede with christ god for the salvation of our souls.
                                          







 christ is in our midst! 
welcome to st. george greek orthodox church of 
                                             taybeh in palestine, the country constantine the great 
                                             named the "holy land." we are located in the 
                                             only all christian village left in palestine renamed 
                                             "taybeh" (meaning good) in the 12th century 
                                             from the old biblical name "ephraim." our 
                                             oral history says that the original st. george orthodox 
                                             christian church in our village was built in the fourth 
                                             century by st. constantine and st. helen and currently 
                                             is an archeological site where the local christian residents, 
                                             less than 2000, light their candles daily. this special 
                                             holy place continues to be the treasure of our village 
                                             and looks down at the jordan valley where st. mary of 
                                             egypt spent more than forty years of her life seeking 
                                             forgiveness. 
                                          
the present and new church of st. george was completed in 1931 on the 
                                             same ground where another byzantine church of st. george 
                                             was destroyed twice by aging. our church is under the 
                                             guidance of his beatitude patriarch theophilos iii, 
                                             the patriarch of the greek orthodox patriarchate of 
                                             jerusalem, palestine, syria, beyond the jordan river, 
                                             cana of galilee & holy zion. all of the orthodox 
                                             faithful are of palestinian ethnicity; however, in jerusalem 
                                             a few hundred people of greek ethnicity also have deep 
                                             roots in palestine in addition to the two hundred serving 
                                             in the brotherhood of the holy sepulchre.
                                          
our parish priest, fr. david (daoud) philip khoury has served the church 
                                             since 1986 with about two hundred fifty families. fr. 
                                             tawfik nasr, memory eternal (nov 27, 1923 – dec 
                                             21, 2011) was the retired priest in our village who 
                                             had more than fifty years in christ's service.
                                          
this website was specifically set up to bring awareness of orthodox christians 
                                             in the land of christ's birth and to seek assistance 
                                             in helping people stay in this little christian village 
                                             preserving their heritage and traditions of over two 
                                             thousand years having survived many wars, occupations 
                                             and political hardships as an authentic witness to christ’s 
                                             love and peace. 
                                          






 
                                       

 


 















 









                                                      dr. khoury lives on the west bank. she has authored many articles dealing with the christian presence in the
                                                      holy land and the palestinian struggle for freedom.
                                                   

click here to read more about dr.  maria khoury

christina book review by marilyn rouvelas 
                                                      


st. george church

st. george church ruins

 witness in the holyland














 
 
 



















