











	popcorn central














































skip to content











































all about popcorn






our story


from seed to snack


history of popcorn


videos


different types of corn


nutrition


corny facts


hot issues


what makes popcorn pop


popcorn myths


celebrate popcorn


faqs








recipes






our recipes


video recipes


preparing perfect popcorn


unpopped to popped








learning






ask poppy


infographics


popcorn pep club contest


science fair projects


bulletin board ideas


teaching tools


popcorn worksheets








kids corner






power pops


coloring sheets & activities


healthy hero posters


kids in the kitchen


corny facts








newsroom






media kit


feature stories


infographics & more


national popcorn day (jan. 19)


photos


hot issues & myths


october is popcorn poppin' month


videos


newsletter archive
































								who knew healthy





								could taste sooo good






































more nutrition info










discover endless flavor possibilities





















featured recipe

cheery cherry popcorn


pop up the fun with this eye-catching, sweet sensation!


view full recipe


sweet






























popcorn and peanut truffles

view full recipe


sweetnutschocolateholiday













peanut butter and chocolate hazelnut popcorn macaroon

view full recipe


partysweetdessertchocolate













cookies 'n cream popcorn

view full recipe


partysweetdessertchocolate













coconut-ginger popcorn truffles

view full recipe


sweetchocolateholidaycoconut













triple chocolate popcorn

view full recipe


partysweetdessertchocolateindulgent













touchdown popcorn peanut treat

view full recipe


partynuts













big league snack attack

view full recipe


savorypartynutskids













beef jerky chili popcorn

view full recipe


savorypartycheeseeasygame daywinter













popcorn party cake

view full recipe


partysweetdessertnuts










recipe portal
















healthy snacking


it's hard to believe a snack food that tastes
							so good can actually be good for you.
but it's true, and there's more good news!


































															15 cents
														
popcorn is e-corn-omical. one 3-cup serving of popcorn only costs about 15 cents when following a classic method: stovetop popping.





															35 calories
														
air-popped popcorn has only 30 calories per cup; oil-popped popcorn has only 35 calories per cup.





															low in fat
														
popcorn is naturally low in fat and calories and contains no cholesterol.





															non-gmos
														
100-percent unprocessed with no hidden ingredients or gmos.





															whole grain
														
popcorn is a whole grain and provides energy-producing complex carbohydrates.






























teaching tools
one snack food that always makes the grade is popcorn. in addition to its nutritional value, popcorn has historical, scientific and technological merit making this versatile food a perfect study-aid in any classroom setting. popcorn is at the base of all lesson plans for students in grade levels kindergarten through high school.
educational resources










kids corner
the kitchen is a great place for children to learn about food and the importance of healthy eating. bring the family together with fun recipes, activities, and games featuring delicious, versatile, healthy popcorn.
find kid pleasers




























tick-tock, it's popcorn time
love popcorn and fun content? follow us on tiktok for videos, recipes and a little extra pop!
more delicious videos


#popcorn
#magicofpopcorn
#movienightpopcorn
#popcornrecipe
#recipesoftiktok










subscribe for popcorn recipes and tips

subscribe to our newsletter
















the popcorn board

                        330 north wabash avenue,  suite 2000 | chicago, il 60611
                        phone: (312) 321-5131 | email: info@popcorn.org









nutrition | newsroom | privacy policy | accessibility policy
join mailing list | contact us




you are now leaving the popcorn.org site and the popcorn board is not responsible for the information or views expressed on external sites.
continue   cancel



you are now leaving the popcorn.org site and the popcorn board is not responsible for the information or views expressed on external sites.
continue   cancel



you are now leaving the popcorn.org site and the popcorn board is not responsible for the information or views expressed on external sites.
continue   cancel



you are now leaving the popcorn.org site and the popcorn board is not responsible for the information or views expressed on external sites.
continue   cancel



you are now leaving the popcorn.org site and the popcorn board is not responsible for the information or views expressed on external sites.
continue   cancel



you are now leaving the popcorn.org site and the popcorn board is not responsible for the information or views expressed on external sites.
continue   cancel







the popcorn board now offers alternate sites in other languages:
spanish-language website | thai-language website | mandarin-language website


                        ©  the popcorn board
                    




login





you are now leaving the popcorn.org site and the popcorn board is not responsible for the information or views expressed on external sites.








search













