





about the federal investments program — treasurydirect






skip navigation







an official website of the united states government

            here’s how you know
            




u.s. department of the treasury









official websites use .gov
            a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.
          






secure .gov websites use https
            a lock () or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
          










menu



log in
















savings bonds


about u.s. savings bonds
buy a bond
gift a savings bond
cash in a bond
savings bond value calculator
manage bonds
forms for savings bonds
treasury hunt




treasury marketable securities


about treasury marketable securities
treasury bills
treasury bonds
treasury notes
tips
floating rate notes (frns)
strips
forms for treasury marketable securities
treasury hunt




auctions


about auctions
how auctions work (participating)
when auctions happen (schedules)
reopenings
announcements, data & results
buyback announcements and results
upcoming auctions
recent auction results
auction search (query)
auction press releases
auction regulations (uoc)




laws and regulations


about laws and regulations
auction regulations (uoc)
collateral programs
commercial book-entry regulations (trades)
frauds, phonies, & scams
government securities act (gsa) regulations
large position reporting (lpr)
redemption ops (buyback) rules
treasury marketable securities regulations
savings bond regulations
treasurydirect regulations



research center

government users


for government users
federal investments program
slgs & slgsafe
security liquidation & proceeds
federal borrowings program
treasury managed accounts
funds management program reports
history of the debt
public debt reports 
interest rates and prices 





mailing lists
news
about
forms
help center
contact us










about the federal investments program





certain authorized federal agencies may invest funds with treasury. the software used to transact investments is called fedinvest.







federal investments program


about the federal investments program


federal investments program reports


statement of account


interest cost by fund report


principal outstanding report


investments distribution query


investments transaction query


customer guides & forms








government users
about the federal investments program



the federal investments program
the federal investments program is administered by the bureau of the fiscal service’s (fiscal service) federal investments and borrowings branch (fibb).
federal agencies that have the proper legal authority granted by congress can invest funds in government account series (gas) securities with the department of the treasury (treasury). treasury will review and document all new investment authority prior to initial investment activity.
the purpose of the federal investments program is to facilitate these investments on behalf of treasury. the federal investments program represents about one fifth of the public debt outstanding, providing services to approximately 240 trust, deposit, and special funds.
customer guides & forms
the federal investments and borrowings branch (fibb):

maintains detailed records of gas investment transactions between treasury and other federal agencies.
accounts for and reports treasury's federal investments program-related debt and the associated accruals and payments.
develops and maintains accounting policies and standards for the management of the federal investments program.

the fedinvest software application



fedinvest is a federal investments program application, owned and maintained by fiscal service, to be used by federal agencies for investment in  gas securities. fedinvest allows federal agencies to buy and sell securities, view account holdings, transactions, and reports, and download data.
the fedinvest system is only accessible by a

piv/cac/lincpass card, or a
id.me account.

refer to the fedinvest user credentialing requirements for detailed information.


login to fedinvest


guidance
tfm volume i, part 2, chapter 4300 – communicates the policies and procedures of treasury about government accounts that the secretary of the treasury is authorized or directed by law to invest.
tfm volume i, part 2, chapter 4700 – describes how agencies provide data for the financial report of the united states government.
contact fibb
304-480-5151 option 3
fedinvestor@fiscal.treasury.gov





department of the treasury
                    bureau of the fiscal service
                    federal investments and borrowings branch, room 119
                    parkersburg warehouse & operations center dock 1
                    257 bosley industrial park drive
                    parkersburg, wv 26101







































connect with us

x (formerly twitter)
facebook
youtube
rss feeds



legal information

freedom of information act
privacy
terms & conditions
data quality
for web developers
accessibility



related sites

treasury.gov
fiscaldata.treasury.gov
usaspending.gov
bureau of the fiscal service
usa.gov
data.gov
regulations.gov



















