




        dog crates, dog gates & cages | cat carriers | richell pet products    

















































































 











 











































 


international


richell japan
richell korea
richell china
 
newsletter sign up







 





 





 





 





 





search

about us
pet products
where to buy

pet product dealers
become a dealer


parts
blog
resources

faqs
instruction manuals
videos
testimonials
product warranty
patents
careers


contact
 menu












new double door pet carrier
best solution for taking 
pets along for a trip!
learn more


elevated gravity pet water dispenser
my little dog - 
a heartbeat at my feet.
edith wharton
learn more


paw trax high wall cat litter box
cats choose us, 
we don't own them.
kristen cast
learn more


wooden end-table crate
stylish furniture and 
pet containment in one!
learn more







our products

richell usa is one of the nation’s most trusted pet products manufacturers and distributors. our catalog features many pet products that make building a home life with pets easier and more comfortable.
 from finely crafted wooden and metal dog gates to luxury pet furniture, we feature unique, quality, and useful pet products.




new productsshop now 




bowls & feedersshop now 




litter boxesshop now 




puppy potty trainingshop now 




plastic playpens & kennelsshop now 




gatesshop now 




pens & cratesshop now 




furnitureshop now 




storageshop now 
 





 
at richell usa, we know that you consider your pets members of the immediate family. that’s why we’ve dedicated our lives to providing our customers with premium pet products that improve your furry friend’s quality of life, while seamlessly blending in with the aesthetic of your home.
 we adhere to the highest level of standards in our industry, and we know it shows through the final pet products we manufacture and distribute. our dedication to quality incorporates excellent craftsmanship and results in functional and elegant pet product design.
 
download richell pet catalog
download richell 2024 new product sales sheet
 






hear what our customers are saying about our products!



we own numerous richell pet products, including a tall one-touch ii pet gate, richell’s elegant wooden pet bed, two elegant wooden pet feeders, and a food storage unit. i can’t begin to describe the expert manufacturing that has gone into each piece. when unboxing and putting together these products, the precision craftsmanship and ease of construction are obvious and much appreciated. it’s easy to see all the thought and consideration for the customer that goes into each product. and it’s obvious richell uses the most durable and elegant wood possible to engineer their very popular pet products. if you are looking for fantastic functionality, ergonomic ease of use, well-appointed and extremely durable pet products, then look no further than richell’s complete line of pet furniture, pet crates and pens, and of course their world-famous pet gates. this is one purchase you will be really glad you made.”




pet products
...
richell usa's pet products are all about quality, style and function. each product is made to provide a comfortable solution to pet's needs.
>>read more










recent blog entries


for entertaining articles about pets and dogs, check out our pet products and dog blog.  for additional information about pet care and richell products, our pet and dog care product resources can help.







01.31.25 how to stop your dog from scratching at the door






12.26.24 5 tips for a peaceful cat and dog household






12.02.24 a dog owner’s guide to separation anxiety training






11.04.24 keeping your cats separate | the hows and whys







quick contact


 



















do you have a question or comment?
 we'd love to hear from you!
please complete this form and click "submit". our customer support team will gladly address your request and respond in a timely manner.

  instagram
youtube
pn


                richell usa, inc. 2214 paddock way drive, suite 500
 grand prairie, texas 75050 usa                
1-972-641-9795

  







home

aboutcompany overview
become a dealer
pet product dealers
 catalogpet products
gates
pens & crates
playpens & kennels
furniture
training
 resourcesfaqs
instruction manuals
testimonials
careers
 about us
pet products
where to buy
parts
blog
resources
contact
 blog

parts






copyright © richell, inc.. all rights reserved
privacy policy | terms and use | sitemap


sign up for our newsletter!
register your product
































































