












































stanford institute for economic policy research (siepr)













          skip to main content
        

          skip to secondary navigation
        

stanford university (link is external)







stanford

 
institute for economic
policy research (siepr)





search this site

submit search



menu
aboutabout sieprannual reportsgovernanceadvisory boardsteering committeecontact informationpeoplesenior fellowsfaculty fellowssenior fellows emeritiyoung scholarsformer postdoctoral scholarsformer visiting fellowsvisitorsformer visitorspolicy fellowsmedia fellowsresearch staff and postdocsgraduate fellowship recipientsformer recipientsundergraduate research fellowsadvisorspredoctoral research fellowsfaculty mentorsalumnistaffwhy econ?researchfocal areasfocal area descriptionseducationenergy and environmentglobal development and tradehealthhousing and infrastructureinequalityinnovation and technologymoney and financepolitics and mediaregulation and competitiontaxes and spendingworkpublicationspolicy briefsworking papersfilter publications by topiccenters and initiativesstanford center on china's economy and institutions (sccei)stanford environmental and energy policy analysis center (seepac)stanford digital economy labstanford king center on global developmentcalifornia policy research initiative (capri)programsundergraduate studentsresearch assistant openingsacademic year programsummer programgraduate studentsfellowships & awardspredoctoral research fellowsapplication informationopen positionsfrequently asked questionsyoung scholars programpostdoctoral fellows applicationvisiting fellows applicationvisiting faculty programsiepr faculty resourcesnewsresearch highlightsmedia mentionsawards & appointmentseconomic impact of covid-19video seriesbridging research and policyhomelessness in californiathe silent cost of school shootingsinvesting in tomorrow’s policy expertsinfluencing economic policywelcome to sieprconnect with siepreventsacademic conferencesassociates meetingsin conversation with...policy forumssummits2024 summit2023 summitpast eventsgivingmake a giftgiving prioritiessiepr associates & membershipcorporate sponsorships & membershiplegacy giving



     stanford institute for economic policy research (siepr)
    













 



















welcome to siepr
"evidence matters. and it can shift policy in a positive direction."
supporting nonpartisan economic policy research. convening leaders from academia, government and business. inspiring the next generation of economic experts. learn more about siepr's mission and the people behind it.


            watch the video
          


















main content start



 






 













what are they thinking?
siepr launches survey of californians
the first california economic survey found residents were more upbeat about the economy, immigration and ai than the u.s. overall at year end. will wildfires and trump change that?


            read the results
          










 













policy impact
siepr scholars contribute to economic report of the president
the 2025 report tapped the work of our scholars in its assessment of pressing economic policy issues ranging from global financial markets to remote work.


            read the article
          










 













why econ
what draws our scholars and students to economic policy?
“economics helps you think about societal problems in ways that you wouldn’t otherwise,” says siepr senior fellow maria polyakova. “economics can seem technical, but it actually lets you tell a story.” learn more about what drives maria and others featured in our why econ series.


            visit the series
          








 








 



















what to expect
tariffs, tax cuts and other uncertainties
as donald trump begins his second presidential term, economic analysts can be certain of perhaps only one thing: an uncertain economic outlook. our latest policy brief by siepr director neale mahoney and ryan cummings points to data to shine a light on economic policy issues sure to be front and center for the presidential administration.


            read the policy brief
          









 



recent news










 
new research reveals striking variations in pandemic recovery among u.s. school districts
 siepr senior fellow sean reardon co-led an analysis that finds widening achievement gaps but also pockets of success in regaining pre-pandemic achievement levels.


february 11, 2025



research highlighteducationinequality






 
siepr launches survey of californians on the economy and government
 the first california economic survey found residents were more upbeat about the economy, immigration and ai than the u.s. overall at year end. will wildfires and trump change that?


february 07, 2025



research highlighttaxes and public spendinghousing and infrastructure






 
contributions of siepr scholars in the economic report of the president
 the 2025 report tapped the work of our scholars in its assessment of pressing economic policy issues ranging from global financial markets to remote work.


february 03, 2025



research highlighttaxes and public spendingglobal development and trade








see more news




upcoming events










feb
28




summit
2025 siepr economic summit  
friday, february 28, 2025
 
frances c. arrillaga alumni center
326 galvez st. 
stanford, ca 94305
united states 








jul
21

– to –

jul
25




academic conference
2025 summer economic institute for teachers 
big issues facing the u.s. economy
 
monday, july 21, 2025
 - friday, july 25, 2025
 
john a. and cynthia fry gunn building
366 galvez street
stanford, ca 94305
united states 








aug
04

– to –

aug
06



workshop on budget analysis and public policy 
hosted by siepr  
monday, august 4, 2025
 - wednesday, august 6, 2025
 
john a. and cynthia fry gunn building
366 galvez street
stanford, ca 94035
united states 










see more events





 


















    back to top
  










stanford

 
institute for economic
policy research (siepr)




        web login
      



address

john a. and cynthia fry gunn building
366 galvez street
stanford, ca 94305-6015
united states



general information


campus map


phone: (650) 497-1712






instagram





linkedin





youtube




 














resources for


policymakers


journalists


students


siepr faculty portal


siepr staff portal




get involved


join siepr's digital mailing list


make a gift













stanforduniversity (link is external)





stanford home (link is external)

maps & directions (link is external)

search stanford (link is external)

emergency info (link is external)



terms of use (link is external)

privacy (link is external)

copyright (link is external)

trademarks (link is external)

non-discrimination (link is external)

accessibility (link is external)




© stanford university.
  stanford, california 94305.



 






