











simpson house inn – luxury boutique hotel in santa barbara, ca















































































simpson house inn | 121 east arrellaga street, santa barbara, ca 93101 usa					























 







 




 
open menuhome
rooms
dining
amenities
spa
promotions
gallery
activities
weddings
contact
 


home
rooms
dining
amenities
spa
promotions
gallery
activities
weddings
contact

•


















 























check incheck outadults0123456789children0123456789 




a heritage of elegance in one of the world’s most beautiful cities.




every guest stay includes afternoon refreshments, an evening wine and heavy hors d’ouervres reception, dessert bites, and a gourmet served breakfast in the morning which can be served in the main house or in your room.





stimulate your senses.
pamper yourself during your santa barbara vacation by booking a guest room or cottage at simpson house inn. our adult only boutique hotel is nestled on an acre of english gardens and features 15 guest rooms that are in the victorian manor, carriage barn, or english cottages.





immerse in nature.
our gardens have been awarded the prestigious “santa barbara beautiful” award. housed in a victorian estate built in 1874, simpson house inn invites you to relax with our perfect combination of historic charm and modern luxuries.







ada carriage roomcheck detailstack roomcheck detailshayloftcheck detailsweathervanecheck detailspendle cottagecheck detailsplumstead cottagecheck detailsgreenwich cottagecheck detailsabbeywood cottagecheck detailsthe garden room bungalowcheck detailsmary simpson roomcheck detailskatharine mccormick roomcheck detailssun roomcheck detailsmargaret simpson roomcheck detailsparlor roomcheck detailsrobert & julia simpson roomcheck detailsour reviews
 



  perfect place to relax - my husband and i just returned from a three night stay at the simpson house.  we stayed in the hayloft and found it to be perfect for us. ... read more the room is a nice size with a comfortable king size bed, sofa and flat screen tv.  the bathroom has a tiled shower and plenty of countertop space (a must for me).  there is a separate closet that opens to a beverage center.  in addition to the coffee maker and refrigerator there is also a faucet that delivers filtered water.  that was an unexpected amenity that i truly appreciated.

the grounds are beautiful and there is no reason to ever leave.  between the morning breakfast, the afternoon scones, the evening hors d’oeuvres and the nightly cookies, neither my husband nor i felt the need to go out to eat.  we did make a few excursions down state street, but other than that we mainly relaxed and hung around the grounds.

i could go on, but other reviewers have pretty much covered the good food, the hospitality and the helpful staff.  i definitely recommend simpson inn and hope to visit again. 
  diane coctober 15, 2024 




  not happy - i am sorry to write this negative review. 
we stayed here-for 2 nights for our anniversary. i do not understand the great reviews. even though the grounds are beautiful... read more and serene , the room”garden room” is anything but beautiful. it is dated , very small, extremely small bathroom. i am going to attach pictures of mold in the bathroom. this is unacceptable. does not justify this price. 
the breakfast is ordinary but served in a nice , calm and quiet atmosphere. 
i will not return unless there isa major renovation . it is not worth the price 
  maya663august 22, 2024 




  most beautiful & relaxing getaway and not far away! - i highly recommend going to the simpson house inn. frank and his staff do a excellent job! (well informed and showed us around the hotel grounds) the views and comfort... read more while being there is #1. the breakfast/appetizers/pastries and wine are another great feature while there! i hope to come back soon! you won't be disappointed! kick back and relax. the entire staff is nice and helpful! 5 stars ***** 
  grandtour311649july 20, 2024 



 



  wow, what a find! - wow what a find!  decided to go to santa barbara for our 45th wedding anniversary and wanted something quiet, secluded, adults only and we 100% found it. this place... read more is beautiful, lovely gardens, delightful staff and the cottage we are staying in, pendall cottage is lovely 
  aussietrip77july 7, 2024 




  fabulous retreat - what a delightful and charming place to stay. the gardens are worth visiting in their own right & frame this wonderful character inn. the cottage we stayed in was quirky... read more in all the right ways, comfortable &  very quiet + peaceful.

the hotel doesn’t offer evening meals, but that doesn’t matter, there are plenty of fantastic restaurants within a short walk. 

the breakfasts & snacks are all fabulous & the staff attentive and friendly.

would highly recommend simpson house. 
  24lawrencebjune 10, 2024 




  an impeccable inn - a long overdue return to this marvelous inn.  simpson house is outstanding in every way.   beautiful, tranquil, immaculately tended grounds.  well appointed rooms, comfortable and quiet... read more rooms (our stays have included pendle cottage, tack room, weathervane, and hayloft).  impeccable, indeed flawless service from top management to housekeeping and all staff in between. without slighting anyone we fail to name, top kudos to general manager haley, and house staff karen, richard, corin, frank, and gabriel.  a perfect stay. 
  randyholjune 2, 2024 




recent news



  
mar 14 2022admin

sweet suites – dreamy spots to spend your wedding night or start your honeymoon


where you spend your first night as newlyweds or kick off your honeymoon is not a decision to make lightly. fortunately, santa barbara has no... continue reading 




  
mar 14 2022admin

fabled gables: 121 east arrellaga street


if you had visited the simpson house the year it was built, you would have arrived by sea or by stagecoach, a 36-hour ride from... continue reading 




  
mar 14 2022admin

most romantic suites at california boutique hotels


romance blooms more brilliantly in the right setting, and few places are better at stirring the heartstrings than an intimate boutique hotel. with enchanting views,... continue reading 
the simpson house inn is located on arrellaga street and santa barbara street in santa barbara california.








contact us simpson house inn
121 east arrellaga street
santa barbara, ca 93101
 phone: (805) 963-7067
reservations@simpsonhouseinn.com

book now »

 

recent newssweet suites – dreamy spots to spend your wedding night or start your honeymoonmar 14 2022fabled gables: 121 east arrellaga streetmar 14 2022most romantic suites at california boutique hotelsmar 14 2022 

newslettersign up to the simpson house inn email subscription for offers and news from our luxury santa barbara hotel.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *messagesubscribe  





home  |  rooms  |  amenities  |  spa  |  promotions  |  gallery  |  activities  |  weddings  |  contact 

					copyright © 2023 simpson house inn • privacy policy  |  terms of service  |  privacy center  |  accessibility 




 
 

x
we use cookies to give you the best online experience. by agreeing you accept the use of cookies in accordance with our privacy policy.


accept
privacy settings











































