the fillmore - 2025 show schedule & venue information - live nationskip to contentsign insign inlocation:my accountmy ticketsfavoritesvirtual commemorative ticketshelpcontactaboutselect market:usa & canadaasiaaustraliabelgiumchinaczech republicdenmarkestoniafinlandfrancegermanyhong konghungaryisraelitalyjapanlithuanianetherlandsnew zealandnorwaypolandqatarsingaporesouth africasouth koreaspainswedentaiwanthailandunited arab emiratesunited kingdomsign inhome/venues/the fillmorevenue details415.346.30001805 geary boulevardsan francisco, ca 94115www.thefillmore.comsan francisco, cafavoriteshowsvenue infoadvertisementmon feb 17morgan wadecountrymon feb 17, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmmorgan wadebuy ticketsmore infotue feb 18michael shannon & jason narducy and friends play r.e.m.multimediatue feb 18, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmmichael shannon & jason narducy and friends play r.e.m.buy ticketsmore infofri feb 21nocap - before i disappear again tourhip-hop/rapfri feb 21, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmnocap - before i disappear again tourbuy ticketsmore infosat feb 22alo - tour d'amour xviiirocksat feb 22, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmalo - tour d'amour xviiibuy ticketsmore infothu feb 27magic city hippies - enemies tourrockthu feb 27, 2025 ▪︎ 8:30pmmagic city hippies - enemies tourbuy ticketsmore infofri feb 28soccer mommypopfri feb 28, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmsoccer mommybuy ticketsmore infosat mar 1soccer mommypopsat mar 1, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmsoccer mommybuy ticketsmore infowed mar 5the devil makes three tour 2025countrywed mar 5, 2025 ▪︎ 8:30pmthe devil makes three tour 2025buy ticketsmore infothu mar 6bossman dlow - dlow curry tourhip-hop/rapthu mar 6, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmbossman dlow - dlow curry tourbuy ticketsmore infosat mar 8evan honercountrysat mar 8, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmevan honerbuy ticketsmore infosun mar 9joy oladokun: the blackbird tourrocksun mar 9, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmjoy oladokun: the blackbird tourbuy ticketsmore infotue mar 11poppy: they're all around usrocktue mar 11, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmpoppy: they're all around usbuy ticketsmore infowed mar 12russian circlesrockwed mar 12, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmrussian circlesbuy ticketsmore infofri mar 14steel panther - feel the steel 15th anniversary tourrockfri mar 14, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmsteel panther - feel the steel 15th anniversary tourbuy ticketsmore infosat mar 15saint motel - the symphony in the sky tourrocksat mar 15, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmsaint motel - the symphony in the sky tourbuy ticketsmore infosun mar 16saint motel - the symphony in the sky tourrocksun mar 16, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmsaint motel - the symphony in the sky tourbuy ticketsmore infowed mar 19michael marcagirockwed mar 19, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmmichael marcagibuy ticketsmore infothu mar 20pouya - they could never make me tourhip-hop/rapthu mar 20, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmpouya - they could never make me tourbuy ticketsmore infofri mar 21the linda lindasrockfri mar 21, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmthe linda lindasbuy ticketsmore infosat mar 22the wood brothersfolksat mar 22, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmthe wood brothersbuy ticketsmore infowed mar 26kim dealrockwed mar 26, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmkim dealbuy ticketsmore infothu mar 27daniel seavey - second wind tourrockthu mar 27, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmdaniel seavey - second wind tourbuy ticketsmore infosat mar 29taminorocksat mar 29, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmtaminobuy ticketsmore infosun mar 30tygar&bsun mar 30, 2025 ▪︎ 8:15pmtygabuy ticketsmore infothu apr 3spencer sutherland - the drama north american tourrockthu apr 3, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmspencer sutherland - the drama north american tourbuy ticketsmore infofri apr 4old 97'srockfri apr 4, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmold 97'sbuy ticketsmore infosat apr 5bob mould band: here we go crazyrocksat apr 5, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmbob mould band: here we go crazybuy ticketsmore infotue apr 8tindersticksrocktue apr 8, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmtindersticksbuy ticketsmore infowed apr 9the decibel magazine tour 2025rockwed apr 9, 2025 ▪︎ 6:30pmthe decibel magazine tour 2025buy ticketsmore infofri apr 11cypress hill: celebrating 25 years live at the fillmorehip-hop/rapfri apr 11, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmcypress hill: celebrating 25 years live at the fillmorebuy ticketsmore infosat apr 12cypress hill: celebrating 25 years live at the fillmorehip-hop/rapsat apr 12, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmcypress hill: celebrating 25 years live at the fillmorebuy ticketsmore infomon apr 21deafheavenrockmon apr 21, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmdeafheavenbuy ticketsmore infofri apr 25larkin poe - the bloom tour 2025rockfri apr 25, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmlarkin poe - the bloom tour 2025buy ticketsmore infosat apr 26camper van beethoven - 40th anniversary of telephone free landsliderocksat apr 26, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmcamper van beethoven - 40th anniversary of telephone free landslidebuy ticketsmore infosun apr 27camper van beethoven - 40th anniversary of telephone free landsliderocksun apr 27, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmcamper van beethoven - 40th anniversary of telephone free landslidebuy ticketsmore infofri may 2yukimirockfri may 2, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmyukimibuy ticketsmore infosat may 3the warren haynes band - million voices whisper tourrocksat may 3, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmthe warren haynes band - million voices whisper tourbuy ticketsmore infomon may 5the jesus lizardrockmon may 5, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmthe jesus lizardbuy ticketsmore infotue may 6the jesus lizardrocktue may 6, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmthe jesus lizardbuy ticketsmore infothu may 8circa waves and friday pilots club tourrockthu may 8, 2025 ▪︎ 7:30pmcirca waves and friday pilots club tourbuy ticketsmore infomay 9-10two nights with they might be giants (2 day ticket)rockmay 9 - may 10, 2025two nights with they might be giants (2 day ticket)buy ticketsmore infofri may 9an evening with they might be giants: the big show tourrockfri may 9, 2025 ▪︎ 8pman evening with they might be giants: the big show tourbuy ticketsmore infosat may 10an evening with they might be giants: the big show tourrocksat may 10, 2025 ▪︎ 8pman evening with they might be giants: the big show tourbuy ticketsmore infosun may 11an evening with they might be giants: the big show tourrocksun may 11, 2025 ▪︎ 8pman evening with they might be giants: the big show tourbuy ticketsmore infotue may 13perfume genius 'glory' tourrocktue may 13, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmperfume genius 'glory' tourbuy ticketsmore infothu may 15jacob banks: yonder tour 2025r&bthu may 15, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmjacob banks: yonder tour 2025buy ticketsmore infofri may 16alison moyetrockfri may 16, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmalison moyetbuy ticketsmore infosun may 18ok gorocksun may 18, 2025 ▪︎ 8pmok gobuy ticketsmore info12day of showday of showdoors generally open one hour before the show's scheduled start time. bags up to 12” x 6” x 12” are allowed in the venue. all our events will be mobile entry, meaning your mobile device will be used to gain access to the event. cashless payments will be available at most points of sale and are recommended.for more information, check out the faq below.getting heregetting herethe fillmore is a ballroom with very limited seating located on the sw corner of geary blvd and fillmore street. the main performance room is located on the second floor. our address is 1805 geary blvd. san francisco, ca 94115.
the 38 geary eastbound and 22 fillmore southbound both stop in front of the venue. westbound 38 geary and northbound 22 fillmore stop across the street. both lines offer owl service. the 38 geary connects to bart.get directionsbox officebox officethe box office is located near the entrance. all tickets can be purchased via www.livenation.com.
day of show box office hours are: 30 minutes prior to published door time until 9pm.
in addition, the box office is open on sundays from 10am to 2pm (excluding major holidays). private eventsprivate eventsthis legendary venue was the focal point for the psychedelic music scene during the 1960s and 1970s, helping to launch the careers of the biggest names of the era such as the grateful dead, jimi hendrix, led zeppelin, and the doors. this history helps create the perfect location to host your corporate event, private concert, wedding, reception or business meeting. the fillmore can accommodate from 25 to 1,000 guests. our talented staff handles every detail, so you don’t have to!learn morefaqwhat do i need to know about door time, bag policy, mobile ticketing & cashless payments?coming to a show? here's a few things to know before you go!
doors time
doors generally open one hour before the show's scheduled start time.
bag policy
the following bag policy is in place: bags up to 12” x 6” x 12” are allowed in the venue. all bags will be searched prior to entry. bags that are not clear will be subject to additional search.

mobile ticketing
all our events will be mobile entry. that means your mobile device will be used to gain access to the event. tickets will not be emailed or available for print.
for more information on mobile entry, click here.
phone troubles? visit the box office on event day for assistance. be prepared to show your id.
cashless payments
we've gone cashless! cashless payments will be available at most points of sale and are recommended.
we accept credit, debit or mobile pay.
no card? convert your cash with no fees to card at the venue.do you have accommodations for guests with disabilities?
the fillmore strives to make our venue and live experiences inclusive and accessible.  for more questions, or information not mentioned below, don't hesitate to get in touch with us at thefillmore@livenation.com.
 


arrival & accessible entrances: the main floor of the venue is on the second floor of the venue, accessible by an elevator located on the west side of the building. if you need any help finding your way, staff at the entrance will direct you.
 


restrooms: all venue bathrooms are accessible.
 


ticketing: the fillmore is a general admission, accessible venue, so there is no need to buy a special ticket! if you need special attention to personally accommodate your needs, please purchase a general admission ticket and email the venue directly at thefillmore@livenation.com. if your disability requires you to sit, we will do our best to accommodate you on a first come, first served basis with our very limited seating.
 


accessible parking: the fillmore does not have a parking lot, but accessible street parking and several public parking facilities with accessible parking are located nearby. both nearby garages in japantown have designated accessible spots. entrances are located at 1650 fillmore st. for the annex and 1610 geary blvd for the main garage.
 


medication needs: if you need to enter with prescribed medication to be taken during the event, we require that all medication be in its original container with a name that is verifiable with a photo id.  if you do not have a container with a name on it, we may request documentation that allows us to confirm the need for this medication as you enter the venue.  please only bring what is required for the duration of the event.  we cannot store any type of medication.  over-the-counter medication must be in its original packaging.  
 


dietary needs: the fillmore takes pride in offering a variety of choices for guests with special dietary needs.  you may request to speak with a member of our food & beverage team with specific questions or concerns. while we will make reasonable efforts to accommodate dietary requests, we cannot guarantee that they will be able to meet all requests.  
 


service animals: at the fillmore, we have specific guidelines to ensure all guests and their service animals are supported throughout their visit. 


service animals are defined by the ada (americans with disabilities act) as dogs or miniature horses that are trained to do work to perform tasks related to people with disabilities. the work or task the service animal is trained to do must directly relate to the person's disability. service animals must be housebroken. service animals are required to behave and not repeatedly bark, growl, jump up on or lunge at other guests or employees. corrective action must be taken if the service animal is not behaving appropriately.


dogs whose sole function is to provide comfort or emotional support do not qualify as service animals under the americans with disabilities act (ada). comfort animals, emotional support animals, and therapy dogs are not listed as service animals under title ii and title iii of the ada.  this also applies to the other species of animals wild or domestic, trained, or untrained.  the ada requires the service animal to be under the control of the handler. this may include using a harness, leash, or other tether. our venue employees are not required to provide for, the care, or supervision of a service animal, including cleaning up after it. service animals must remain on the floor and are not allowed on dining chairs or tables in our food and beverage locations.  live nation and our operating partners have the right to deny access to a dog that disrupts our operations. 
 


sign language interpretation: the fillmore offers sign language interpretation upon request only. requests for interpreters must be received at least two weeks before the event date.  


please make your request by emailing thefillmore@livenation.com.
how do i apply to work at the fillmore?looking to join our team? check out our current job listings below.
front office administration
event staff
janitorial for concertsdoes the fillmore have parking?the fillmore does not have a parking lot. street parking and several public parking facilities are located nearby. car break-ins are city-wide problem. please do not leave any valuables in your car.is there an age limit?events are restricted to ages 5 and over. everyone must have a ticket. 
check your specific event for exceptions to our standard policy. are cameras allowed?subject to change - the standard venue policy allows camera phones, disposable cameras, and small digital cameras. any camera that has a detachable lens will be considered professional and not allowed in. if the camera lens zooms out of the camera more than 1 in- it will be considered a professional camera and will not be allowed in. some artists do not permit cameras so please check back for the show you will be attending to ensure that we will be allowing cameras in.
no videotaping is allowed.
we also ask that you act respectful of the artist and other guests when holding up cameras that may distract from the performance.what am i not allowed to bring to the show?

items not-allowed to be brought in to venue include, but are not limited to:






weapons of any kind
alcohol
illegal drugs/substances
glass containers/cans
backpacks/large bags
laser pointers
animals (except service animals)
fireworks
food
large markers/spray paint
multiples of anything meant for sale or distribution without authorization

additional items may be added at venue discretion.


is alcohol allowed?the fillmore offers a wide variety of alcoholic beverages for purchase during your time at the venue. you are not permitted to bring any alcoholic beverages into the venue. a valid and current us state driver license, state id card or passport is required to purchase alcohol- guests will be required to show id.can i bring a banner or sign?signs larger than 8.5 x 11 in are not permitted into the venue. this size is a standard sheet of paper. we do not allow in banners or signs that are larger than this due to the potential to block other guests view of the performance. all signs must be appropriate in nature and not be a distraction to the artist.what happens if my show gets cancelled?in the event of a cancellation patrons who purchased through ticketmaster will be notified and information about a potential reschedule and if refunds will be issued. refunds will be available at the point of purchase.what is your cell phone policy?generally, cell phones are permitted into the venue. on occasions cell phones usage may not be allowed due to artist requests. check the specific show for any additional info.what is your contact information?if you have questions about previously placed orders or need ticketing/onsale info please call:

ticketmaster – 1-800-745-3000
venue email – thefillmore @livenation.com
mailing address- 1805 geary blvd. san francisco ca 94115
venue phone number – (415) 346-3000 (we do not sell tickets from the venue phone)
does the fillmore have food?the fillmore has a restaurant that offers a variety of options. vegetarian and vegan options are available.do you have water at the venue?complimentary water stations are located on both floors of the venue. empty reusable canteens are permitted on most shows. this policy is subject to change based on artist requests or safety considerations. camelbacks are not permitted.what happens in the case of an emergency?in the event of an emergency while on site, first aid is located in the lobby, but any staff member can dispatch first aid to the location needed. local law enforcement officers are also on site for every event and can assist if needed or requested. venue management works closely with all appropriate emergency agencies and services to ensure that we are up to date on any issues. in the event of an emergency- we will communicate with guests that are inside of the facility as well as guests on their way to the venue. please follow our facebook or twitter page for the latest developments on event days.what are the guest conduct rules?guests are expected to behave respectfully and in accordance with venue policy, state and local laws. any guest that is acting in a manner that venue management deems unsafe can be subject to ejection. if a guest violates a state or local law they will be subject to any tickets or punishment deemed necessary by local law enforcement.do you have venue security?venue security and law enforcement are located throughout the facility to ensure a safe and secure environment. all security personnel are wearing staff or security shirts and can assist with any questions or concerns. please do not hesitate to contact our on-site staff if any assistance is needed.
when coming through the door, please plan on security using metal detectors and/or a physical pat down for our search procedures. all bags are subject to inspection. if you have a medical reason for not wanting to be searched via metal detectors, please alerts staff and they will give you an alternative to our metal detectors.
if you see something, say something!
if you see something suspicious or out of place, please notify venue security immediately.do you allow to conceal and carry?the fillmore does not allow weapons on our property. guests should follow all applicable laws regarding securing a weapon elsewhere if they have it on them when they arrive. the venue will not secure weapons and will take no responsibility for any weapons left in vehicles.can i leave the venue and come back in?re-entry is not permitted at the fillmore. please ensure that everything you will need for the event is brought in with you. if you do leave at any point in the evening- you will not be allowed back in without a new ticket.do you have seating at the fillmore?the fillmore is an open floor ballroom with very limited seating. the seat location number on your ticket only refers to a guest count. wear comfortable shoes for standing and dancing!how does will call work at the fillmore?your phone is your ticket. if you do have a will call ticket, they are available for pickup at the box office on the date of your show. please make sure that you have a photo id matching the purchasers name to pick up tickets. any name changes need to go through ticketmaster customer service- 800-653-8000.
if tickets or passes are being left for you- they will only be left at the box office. this includes meet and greet passes, press passes, and tickets from the tour or other promotional company. we do not get these tickets until the day of the event, close to door time so please do not try to pick them up earlier. if your tickets/passes are not in will call you will need to contact the person that left them for you to determine the reason.
the fillmore has no way of validating or replacing tickets that have been purchased through any website other than ours. (authorized: thefillmore.com, ticketmaster.com or livenation.com). we cannot reprint or refund you for an invalid ticket. if you have any questions, please call ticketmaster at 800-745-3000 before purchasing.
the fillmore can scan your e-ticket barcode directly from your smartphone. you do not need to visit will call.do you have a lost & found?if you lose an item while you are at an event- you can visit our coat check located in the lobby to see if it has been turned in. post event, please call or email our office. thefillmore@livenation.comcan i smoke at the fillmore?smoking/vaping is not allowed inside the venue or less than 15ft from any entrance to the venue outside.can i buy merchandise at the venue?artist merchandise will be available for most concerts at our booths located off the main lobby near the bar. fillmore merchandise is also located at this booth during shows or online at https://tinmanmerchstore.com/collections/the-fillmorecan i get a press pass for a show?any media inquiries need to be directed to the artists publicist. for media requests related to the venue please email thefillmore@livenation.com.where are the restrooms located?restrooms are located in the lobby. due to facility limitations no gender neutral option is available but we strive to be advocates of nondiscriminatory policy.does the fillmore recycle?the fillmore is proud to be a green certified business, recycling and compost cans are located throughout the venue. all items distributed can be recycled or composted. cups and straws are compostable. please see a staff member if you have any questions.how do you handle scalpers?scalping or reselling tickets is strictly prohibited. any guest caught selling tickets on property will be turned over to local law enforcement. third party vendors: be wary of buying tickets from any third party website. the fillmore has no way of validating or replacing tickets that have been purchased through any website other than livenation.com or ticketmaster.com. we cannot reprint or refund you for an invalid ticket. if you have any questions, please call ticketmaster at 800-745-3000 before purchasing. if you have purchased an invalid ticket please contact the company or person you bought it from for a refund. we do not have the ability to replace it.do you have bicycle parking?a public bike rack is located nearby. the fillmore is not responsible for lost or stolen bicycles.are there hotels nearby?there are two hotels nearby: hotel kabuki & kimpton buchanan.in collab withexplore nearby venuesshoreline amphitheatremountain view, cathe masonicsan francisco, capunch line comedy club - san franciscosan francisco, cacobb's comedy clubsan francisco, catoyota pavilion at concordconcord, catoyota amphitheatrewheatland, cabrowseexclusivesbrowse artistsbrowse by genreshows near youour networkticketmasterhouse of bluesvip nationpremium ticketslive nation productionsveepscompanyabout live nationabout ticketmastercareersleadershipnewsletteradvertise with ushelpaccounthelpgiftscontact usdo not sell or share my personal informationpartnersfollow usbrowseexclusivesbrowse artistsbrowse by genreshows near youour networkticketmasterhouse of bluesvip nationpremium ticketslive nation productionsveepscompanyabout live nationabout ticketmastercareersleadershipnewsletteradvertise with ushelpaccounthelpgiftscontact usdo not sell or share my personal informationpartnersfollow usby continuing past this page, you agree to our terms of use©2025 live nation worldwide, inc.privacy policyad choicesaodamanage preferences