







darrell peart – furnituremaker – custom furniture in the greene and greene craftsman style


















































































































0shopping carttwitterfacebookinstagramyoutubehome
contact darrell
about darrell

darrell in the media


furniture gallery


dining room
bedroom
living room
office
mirrors & frames
garden gates



furniture ready to ship
store


downloads
books and dvds
templates
free downloads




search





menu



 







executiveofficefurniturenew original designs tall corner tableattention to detail
about darrellthe mediaon darrell
custom furniture in the style of greene & greene




darrell has been woodworking  since 1970. over the years he became known for his greene and greene  inspired furniture designs. he has written three books, many magazine articles, made numerous videos, taught and lectured throughout the us. in that time he has also built a lot of furniture!


 at well past retirement, darrell is just as excited about design and furniture making as he was in his twenty’s. it’s now time for a change of direction and to slow down a bit though. he will continue to work in the shop everyday and will still teach at some of his favorite woodworking schools.   he will continue to design and make furniture – but at a slower pace and without schedules and a backlog of work.

 the influence of charles and henry greene will  likely continue in one way or another.  as he explores new design ideas the “look” will evolve. some of his newer designs point the way.






please visit the furniture ready to ship page on this website to see what pieces have been built and are available for immediate purchase.
















from time to time darrell will occasionally accept a new commission. he is longer be backing orders up though. if you are interested in having him make something  – please contact darrell.  be aware though, his primary objective these days is to enjoy his time in the shop.  with that in mind, he turns down most of the work coming his way. but who knows, he may be in the mood today to accept your commission!
please check the furniture ready to ship page on this website for recent pieces darrell has made for sale.

over the years darrell has had various people working for him in the shop. two of them are now independent and sometimes accept commissions of  darrell’s portfolio pieces
 they are well versed in the language and details of the greene & greene style.

nathan (stix) jenkins  now lives near vancouver, wa. he worked for darrell off and on for several years.  stix is a full time furniture and cabinet maker. he is available for large projects.

george knutson worked for darrell for many years and assisted him in woodworking classes.  he now lives near bellingham, wa. george is darrell’s age though and limits his incoming work.
please contact darrell for a referral to either george or stix.





see what darrell has to say about greene and greene.

art of greene and greene furniture
join darrell and the folks at shaper origin for a greene and greene masterclass!

the artisan furnituremaker – darrell’s new book here!
this third book by  darrell deals with furniture design. it has been a labor of love and a long time in the making.
coming from his unique perspective it is less about ratios (although some are discussed) and more about inspiration and intuition.
order your copy now




   

subscribe to the newsletter enter your email address below to be enrolled in darrell’s e-newsletter, and be the first to hear about new classes, designs and articles from darrell.

email address: 




leave this field empty if you're human: 

new design preview  
darrell’s newest design is “nicole’s wave desk”
this a small desk meant to fit into a limited space in  nicole’s (darrell’s daughter) condo. the gentle wave passed through the design.
click here for a preview.
save

categoriesno categories





© copyright darrell peart, furnituremaker 






scroll to top






































































