





ucm carpet cleaning of dc | experts you can trust






















home
our services+



carpetcleaning



rugcleaning



upholsterycleaning



air ductcleaning



tile & groutcleaning



moldtesting



moldremediation



water damagerestoration



hardwood floortreatment



mattresscleaning



pet odor &stain treatment

coupons & price estimate
about us
blog
technical
faq
area locations
site map

202-683-4270call




















202-683-4270
our services 



carpet cleaning you can trust
ucm carpet cleaning of dc is a professional cleaning service you can depend on. when you let us into your home or office, you can rest assured that you will get expert and fast cleaning services at fair and competitive prices. we know that using green and eco-friendly materials when cleaning carpet, rug, and upholstery is important, but it is also important to make sure it's not at the expense of the cleaning quality. in addition to that, fast cleaning is the key.
we value our good reputation highly, our service is at the highest quality available, and we offer a good price in comparison to other cleaning services - we've checked!








get the job done smoothly and efficiently to your absolute satisfaction











202-683-4270



get a rebate




our cleaning services



carpetcleaning



rugcleaning



upholsterycleaning



air ductcleaning



hardwood floortreatment



moldtesting



moldremediation



water damagerestoration



tile & groutcleaning



pet odor &stain treatment



mattresscleaning



carpet, rug, and upholstery cleaning by ucm carpet cleaning of dc
ucm carpet cleaning of dc (aka: "dc carpet cleaning") specializes in providing top-quality cleaning services for carpets, rugs, and upholstery. with our expertise and dedication, we ensure that your carpets, rugs, and upholstery receive the utmost care and attention they deserve.
our carpet cleaning service goes beyond mere spot removal. we take pride in going the extra mile to clean those hard-to-reach areas, leaving your carpets spotless and refreshed. additionally, we extend our services to include rug cleaning, ensuring that even your delicate rugs receive a thorough and gentle cleaning.
when it comes to upholstery cleaning, we treat your furniture with the utmost care and respect. our experienced team utilizes specialized techniques and products to effectively remove dirt, stains, and allergens from your upholstery, rejuvenating its appearance and restoring its freshness.
trustworthy, efficient, affordable
ucm carpet cleaning of dc is committed to providing trustworthy, efficient, and affordable cleaning services. we understand the importance of delivering exceptional results while respecting your individual preferences and requirements. our dedicated team will tailor the cleaning process to meet your specific needs, ensuring your complete satisfaction.
pre-cleaning inspection
at ucm carpet cleaning of dc, we understand that some homeowners have had negative experiences with carpet cleaning scams or overpriced branded services in the past. we want to put your concerns at ease by providing a transparent and thorough pre-cleaning inspection process.
we take the time to explain what to expect before we even start cleaning. that way, we avoid any surprises, and we will make sure to let you know if there are issues that may result in less than perfect cleaning results.  we note each and every stain and spot, so we can make sure that you will be happy with the results. no detail is overlooked.
in addition, our professional eye enables us to inspect your residence for any hidden issues or areas that may require special attention. this meticulous inspection allows us to tailor our cleaning approach to your specific needs and deliver exceptional results.
with ucm carpet cleaning of dc, you can trust that our pre-cleaning inspection will provide a comprehensive assessment of your carpets and ensure that we address all your cleaning requirements.
cleaning walk through
upon finishing the preliminary inspection we explain to the home owner just how much time the cleaning and drying will take. we do this to allow you to enjoy your free time as you choose. all of our staff are homeowners in dc, just like you, and have been working with us for more than 10 years, so your home is perfectly safe in our hands. we are also fully insured against accidental damages as well.


as green as you want
we encounter many clients interested in a healthy home and in protecting the environment. ucm carpet cleaning of dc is a leader in professional cleaning solutions that keep our environment safe for all of us and for our children. most importantly, we can treat mold in your home with our professional mold remediation services and prevent it with professional mold testing. we use many techniques for green cleaning that help relieve allergies as well. our techniques use the latest eco-friendly products at low dilutions for cleaning completely free of dangerous chemical residue. you can choose the right method for your needs; just ask our office upon scheduling or request it directly from our technician at your home.











steamcleaning
carpet, rug, upholstery, mattress, pet urin odor & stain removal








water damage & mold remediation
water extraction, drying, restoration, mold inspection testing & restoration








high pressurecleaning
built-up dust, grime & mold on conrete, gutter scrub, roof, awning, deck & driveway



contact us

fast emergency response - within an hour!
all work is 100% guaranteed for one year
all technicians are certified, licensed, bonded & insured
we make the insurance claim process hassle free



call us and let us do your carpet cleaning job right at an affordable and honest price 202-683-4270









home|
    about us|
    cleaning services|
    coupons & price estimate|
    service locations|
    blog|
    technical info|
    faq|
    site map





phone: 202-683-4270 | hours: mon-sun 8:00am - 8:00pm
    dispatch address: 1250 connecticut ave nw, washington, dc 20036 [map & reviews]
© 2000-2025  ..all rights reserved.. dc-carpet-cleaning.com












