





algonquin area public library – the space to be who you are and explore who you can become.
























































































library catalog
contact us
library account
adults
teens
children
makerspace
 



facebook
instagram
youtube
tiktok
x
 











algonquin area public library
the space to be who you are and explore who you can become.









home
books & media

books
music
movies


virtual library

digital collections
online resources
learning resources
homework resources
genealogy resources


programs & events

library newsletter
calendar of events


technology

computers
makerspace
kids tech
technology assistance
fax, scan, copy, view
wi-fi hotspots
print it @ your library


about us

hours and directions
contact us
services
community resources
board of trustees
jobs
edi statement
eastgate branch renovation project


faqs
 






closing message 1

the library will open at 1 pm on friday, february 21, due to staff training.

 




search the catalog

search form




catalog


website


my account








search






upcoming programs









 







upcoming events

 




 


 



 



 



 


 





quick linkspassport applications
beanstack
reading suggestions
library of things
book clubs
for parents
genealogy
makerspace
sign up for enewsletter
materials pickup request
 



library news



 



										what is stackmap?									


										library news									

february 14, 2025


did you know that when searching for library items in our online catalog, you can use stackmap to easily locate them in the building? this feature helps you wayfind on your own, but of course, our incredible staff is always [...] 
 

 



										2025 library lovers expedition visit #1									


										library news									

february 13, 2025


we took our first journey to visit our friends around mchenry county at the urging of phineas, he was eager to participate in the 2025 library lovers expedition! we kicked off our road trip at our eastgate branch. phineas hadn’t [...] 





			
			older library news		


 






adult services
meet this month’s featured artist!in february, aapld is delighted to welcome fine art photographer kirsten barry to the art wall in the adult services department. learn a little more about this talented artist. the [...]7 tips for reading marathon successget ready, get set, go! reading marathon, aapld’s newest reading challenge starts today, and we’re excited! beginning february 1, aapld cardholders, 18 and over, will have the chance to stretch [...]discover january’s library readsvalentine's day isn't for another month, but with chilly temps outside, it's a great time to heat things up with a steamy read! january's library reads list offers romance on [...]teen services
finals week @ aapldfinals week survival kits if you are in the library studying for finals this week, be sure to grab a survival kit from us in the teen room! available from [...]maker project at your school library (nov/dec)dundee crown high school wednesday, november 20th, 2024 during periods 4, 5, 6, and 7 school library with mrs. murphy crystal lake south high school thursday, november 21st, 2024 during [...]read the top banned books of 2023 on your phone now!find the full list along with lists of past years at the american library association’s website right here. you may notice a common trend among these books: a.) they are [...]youth services
it’s spooky season at aapld!are you ready for halloween fun? we’ve got you covered! join us for the following halloween-themed programs. storytime parents, your little ones can feel free to wear their costumes to [...]explore world languages with lote4kids!the algonquin library is proud to offer our cardholders a new resource for learning and engaging with world languages. starting on january 1st, 2024, we are offering access to lote4kids, [...]are you ‘yeti’ to read? winter reading is here!get ‘yeti’ for some winter fun with our winter reading program: “yeti to read”! the program begins on saturday, december 9th and runs through friday, january 26th. register online through [...] 








search
search for:



library newsletter
board of trustees
friends of the library
history
library policies/waivers
government/tax info


main library

2600 harnish drive
algonquin, il 60102
847-458-6060
hours
mon-thu: 9am - 9pm
fri-sat: 9am - 5pm
sun: 12pm - 5pm



eastgate branch

115 eastgate drive
algonquin, il 60102
847-658-4343
hours
mon-thu: 10am - 8pm
fri-sat: 9am - 5pm
sun: 12pm - 5pm











































