



















music | luther college






















































 





 
skip to navigation
skip to search
skip to main content
skip to footer links




request information
visit
apply
 
information for
current students
faculty and staff
alumni and friends
parents and families
 
give today




search



luther college






















menu


academics
admission & aid
athletics
music
student life
 
request information
visit
apply
give today


information for
current students
faculty and staff
alumni and friends
parents and families







search
enter keywords below.




frequently searched keywords:

academic calendar
housing & dining
book shop
contact information
library




close search









music at luther college




menu


music major & minor
music education major
ensembles
music scholarships
music faculty
department information




home > music 






at luther college, we believe that music is essential to life. it helps us feel, learn, grow, connect, and aspire. we are known for our performing ensembles in which all students are invited to participate—regardless of major or academic interest. if you know that music is part of your life’s journey, you owe it to yourself to find your place at luther.





experience music at luther








dorian festivals and summer camps
if you are a young musician, join our dorian festivals and summer camps. grow your skills by studying with luther professors and performing in ensembles.






ensembles for all
at luther, music is for everyone. any luther student can audition for our ensembles— orchestras, choirs, bands, and more!






christmas at luther performance
every december, our campus resounds with the sounds of the christmas season. watch hundreds of students in our choirs and orchestra perform beautiful advent works.












			study music at luther college		

to be a successful musician or music teacher, you’ll need a strong academic program with lots of performance opportunities to help build your knowledge and skills. explore our program options.


music major and minor
music education major
study areas




















							during my time in vienna with the luther college symphony orchestra, my prior experience with the german language amplified my experience, and the new ways of thinking that came from learning another language allowed me to learn about music in ways i could not have otherwise.						

							robert clower ’23						

							music major, german minor						
read about robert's fulbright award










							at luther college, the relationships you make really matter. the professors and staff have gone out of their way to support me, both during and beyond college.						

							kirsten loynachan ’22						

							accounting and music major						
read kirsten's story










							alongside the amazing professors from whom i learned technical skills, the focus on compassionate and intentional instruction prepares luther educators to be truly meaningful teachers.						

							jackson churchill '20						

							music education major						
read jackson's story










							music is a common thread for so many people at luther and it’s a wonderful way for a first-year student to meet people.						

							katie koenning ’18						

							music major						
read katie's story










							there were what seemed like thousands of moments of making connections with the people on campus. i talked about the world with friends, learned new skills through work-study, and was encouraged by teachers to reach higher standards.						

							flint angeroth franks ’15						

							music major						
read flint's story







stories








upcoming events


see all music events





feb. 15
nordic choir tour – des moines, iowa

7:30 pm - 9:30 pm





feb. 16
hemp recital: mark severtson, tuba

4:00 pm - 5:00 pm
jenson-noble hall of music, noble recital hall





feb. 18
lecture: trends in mid-century jewish instrumental music

7:00 pm - 8:00 pm
jenson-noble hall of music, choir room













experience music at luther



contact us


recruit me for music


watch us perform















luther college









































700 college drive
decorah, iowa 52101 usa


maps & directions
contact us


about luther
book shop
departments
directory
events
jobs at luther
news
offices
our mission


maps & directions
contact us





















it is the policy of luther college to provide equal educational opportunities and equal access to facilities for all qualified persons. the college does not discriminate in employment, educational programs, and activities on the basis of age, color, creed, disability, ethnicity, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal or state law.

back to top




emergency information
privacy statement
title ix
report a problem
 © luther college. all rights reserved.






 


