








american killifish association | the oldest national tropical fish organization in the world



































american killifish association

search


primary menu
skip to content
home
about the aka
join or renew
contact us
killifish speakers
aka affiliate clubs
the george maier fund
faqs
 





search for:



 








aka 2025 annual convention, announcement

january 9, 2025 james p. langan 


announcing the 2025 annual convention of the american killifish association
the american cichlid association will be jointly hosting the american killifish association annual convention in san antonio on june 12-15, 2025.
53rd aca convention ala convention aka convention ibs convention fotas convention

register now at the convention website:   https://aca-convention.org 




public library updated

february 19, 2022 james p. langan 


i’ve updated the aka public library, with new organization and a new page layout.  it features a new horizontal menu with high resolution pictorial headers and automatic pop-up menus on topic mouse-hover.
please review the articles featured, and consider submitting an article of interest of yours.  you can tie in your new article with submitted photos for our new “member photo gallery” new last month.  then you are able to make your photos public to be browsed publicly from the aka homepage. your photos and articles can be written and published to compliment each other.
please email your submittals to me via my aka email address, aka.webmaster@aka.org
respectfully submitted from “coooold” minnesota,jp langan, aka webmaster
	



new key feature added to aka website

january 29, 2022 james p. langan 


we’ve added the ability for member’s who’ve created photo galleries to allow their galleries to be public on our website.  to use this new feature viewers can use the “member galleries” link under the “most visited” menu on the left!
note: when galleries are made public all photos in that public gallery are visible on the website.  member’s can create multiple galleries and can select individually the availability of their galleries to be viewed on the website.
best wishes, stay warm, jim langan, aka webmaster



posts navigation

1
2
3
next → 




aka & affiliate club major eventsaka annual convention
annual aka election
aka facebook page
aka calendar
membersmember… login to member’s area
member…  recover lost/forgotten password
member… review/edit/update profile
member… change password
committee & website adminadmin login
linkskillifish of west africa
british killifish association
german killifish association
it rains fishes
killifish netherland
killifish russia
killi data online



the oldest national tropical fish organization in the world

most visitedjoin/re-instate/renew
kiliifish master index, gallery
public library (new)
aka member photo galleries            (new)
aka forum menu options

display last 15 forum posts
aka forums


online store
available beginner’s species
online killifish auction
visitor resourcesabout the aka
chairman’s welcome
membership benefits
public library
annual convention
aka officer contacts
aka committee contacts
george maier fundabout the fund
donate to the fund
sponsorsamazonas magazine…“is proud to support the aka!”
zoo med laboratories…“manufacturer of foods and supplements for your exotic pets  is proud to support the aka!”
website supportuse of cookies
 





					proudly secured by nhtml©				







