

explore seville: helpful information for living, visiting or studying in sevilla, spain from exploreseville.com














































seville in march











march!
                                      semana santa and the feria de abril are on their way.most popular
semana santa in seville
feria de abril
tapas bars in seville
hotels in seville
seville photos
flamenco
transportation
seville maps
restaurants
hostals in seville



welcome to exploreseville, 
                                          where you can find helpful information for 
                                          the visitor, student or expat. i highly 
                                          recommend you read the site 
                                          guide to locate whatever you're looking 
                                          for. if you're looking for pictures but 
                                          don't have time for all the photo 
                                          albums, you can take a quick 
                                          photo tour of seville. to keep you informed 
                                          about what's going on in sevilla check out 
                                          the sections below for daily updates. 


for some ideas to explore seville and beyond take a look at my side trips section for destinations close by, or the: "85 things to do in seville"  for some fun.
                                          
                                          the list is growing, so soon it will hit 101 things!  if you're wandering around seville you can visit the  market in plaza de la encarnación. it's hard to miss! the entire structure is finally finished including restaurants on the top level. take the elevator up for a good view early in the day or later in the afternoon. you can browse the market and see a wonderful array of fruits, vegetables, meats, fish and more. the museum in the lower level is also up and running.  there's always a  flamenco 
                                      show to see and in your down time the tapas bars and restaurants await you! 
finally, i've launched a new sevilla wifi map, plus a hotel and hostal map which gives you more options than you will find on any other site! if you're looking to rent an apartment or find a hotel in seville, check out the recently 
                                          updated sections. i also recommend checking 
                                          out sevilla5.com. 
                                          plenty of options from budget to the extravagant.                                      




new & updated


hotels and hostals





     - flamenco in sevilla de opera
     - follow exploreseville on facebook
     - follow exploreseville on twitter
 - new places - seville free wifi hotspot map
 - 85 things to do in seville!
 - shopping section
 - 30 new seville albums
 - 10 new spain albums


from 5 stars to budget - book 
                                    online!



festivals, events, exhibits...


tapas bars by neighborhood




feria de las naciones
halloween in isla magica
julio romero de torres exhibit
betis vs. levante
betis vs. barcelona
sevilla vs. betis
flamenco in seville - every day


more events >>


seville's best tapas bars



latest news


photo albums



 semana santa procession schedule
san pablo airport wifi
plaza encarnación to finish
puerta de jerez metro station now open
dunkin donuts!...no, wait, it's duffin dagels
the tram will connect to a train station
domino's pizza replaces pizza hut
flamencotickets.com: online show reservations



                                        over 100 albums of sevilla and spain







 



features






semana santa in    seville


feria de abril in seville





it's that time of year again, as we enter spring and seville is at it's best. 
  semana santa is the first sign that the season has arrived, with the feria de 
  abril just around the corner. arising 
  from my winter hibernation, i recently noticed on my way to work a large banner 
  hanging over calle san esteban, advertising robes and capirotes for 
  the thousands of nazarenos who will march through the streets of seville. 
  joining them will be costaleros, floats, "marching" bands, 
  and of course hundreds of thousands of people! the time has come, and for those 
  of you visiting seville you'll need some time to prepare. to help you get ready, 
  check out my guide to semana santa in seville. 
 
we only have two weeks to rest between semana santa and the 
  feria de abril. this year is no exception, with just two weeks torest 
  our weary feet and prepare for several days and nights of sevillanas, 
  horses, and fino, this year running into may. it all begins with a little pescaito frito on 
  monday night, and often ends with chocolate and churros sometime after 
  two in the morning. throw in some clowns, carnaval games and rides to make your 
  head spin (if the rebujitos do not). the largest of all the ferias in spain, hundreds of thousands will come to visit. seville for the feria 
  de abril. you can learn more about the event in my section dedicated to the 
event: feria de abril in seville
 










photo of the week

 

helpful information

 

dining out








real betis - real madrid
past 
                                    photos of the week


                              real madrid came to town over valentine's day weekend, but there wasn't much love for the team in seville. entering as heavy favorites - madrid has been dominating the league, far out in front of barcelona, while betis is at the other end of the table - the game turned into a nightmare for real, and happiness for us beticos. thorsten, my coworker, took some photos.  above you can see palmerín, the betis mascot, shaking hands with raul before the start. the good thing about seville is the two first division teams (well, the good thing is betis), so you can catch a match just about every weekend: consult the betis and sevilla combined home match schedule.
 





 


 from money to mobile phones, accommodations to the sites, or technology and the internet, you can 
                              read a little about it all here. you'll find some useful 
                              information as well as a few of my general 
                              observations on life and culture in sevilla to help 
                              you understand some of the quirks and differences of 
                              life here. i've also included sections on tourist info 
                              such as transportation, shopping, nightlife (la marcha), hotels and 
                              hostals as well as where to buy food when you're sick of eating out. with some recommended 
                              books and helpful links i hope to assist those of you looking for more information 
                              on some specific topics. finally, if you're looking 
                              for a more long term stay in seville take a look at 
                              the living and moving sections.
 





 


 i frequent many tapas 
                              bars and restaurants in sevilla, hoping to discover a few surprises hidden 
                              in the back alleys. i've also added international 
                              and vegetarian options. and with some recent work, 
                              the sections have been reworked and launched, with even 
                              more informatio. soon to come: some photos and helpful 
                              tips on eating out. i've broken down the restaurants 
                              in sevilla by neighborhood, but even if you don't know 
                              sevilla that well you shouldn't have any problems locating 
                              these places with a map! and of course i've added a 
                              number of new places to eat and there are now over 60 
                              bars and restaurants, from places for locals only (until 
                              you show up!), tapas or a complete meal.











social and more...



 




seville weather forecast, spain














 


search this site:









   
                          




explore seville:


 home
site guide
photos of seville
photos of spain
sights & monuments
events & exhibits
semana santa 
feria de abril
toros
flamenco
basic info
money
safety & health
transportation
maps
weather
hotels 
hostals
nightlife
tapas bars 
restaurants
dining out int'l & vegetarian 
food
shopping
side trips
observations
conversions
street folks 
mobile phones
internet
technology
movies
television
gyms & sports
living in seville
study in seville
spanish courses 
move to seville
daily entries
travel forums
books
news
links
mobile content
join email list 
about this site
who am i?
privacy policy 






 


follow on:












 


sponsors




 
 






editor: jeff spielvogel
                        © 2003-12 all rights reserved 







 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 














