








multi award-winning cosmetic surgery clinic in perth
























































about us
our team
careers
patient information
shop
contact us

(08) 9389 9099 










home
treatments
concerns
locations
pricing
before & after
blog
sign in
shop










 





book now

















 






absolutely you, absolute cosmeticmulti-award-winning clinics, led by medical director dr. glenn murray and director of nursing stephanie murray, bring over two decades of dedicated full-time experience in aesthetic medicine.
book online 







treatmentssee all treatments












 



facebodybreastskinlaser & light 



faceabsolute cosmetic provides a range of surgical and non-surgical aesthetic facial treatments.
surgicalmini face lift (rhytidectomy)eyelid surgery perthfat transfernon-surgicalwrinkle relaxersdermal lip fillersmorpheus8view allbodyabsolute cosmetic provides a range of treatments for the body, including fat reduction and skin tightening techniques.
surgicalliposuctionrenuvion skin tighteningfat transfernon-surgicalultraformer skin tightening mpt & hifuabsolute sculpt hiemt & rfcoolsculptingview allbreastabsolute cosmetic provides a range of treatments for the breasts. our surgical procedures use the latest techniques, technology and highest-quality breast implants.
surgicalbreast augmentationbreast implant removalbreast reductionnon-surgicalultraformer skin tightening mpt & hifuview allskinabsolute cosmetic provides a range of aesthetic treatments for your skin.
surgicalrenuvion skin tighteningeyelid surgery perthnon-surgicalvivace rf microneedlingagnes radio frequency treatmentrejuran polynucleotidesview alllaser & lightwe also offer multiple, powerful laser and light treatments for the skin.
surgicalerbium laser skin resurfacingnon-surgicallaser – dot co2 fractionallaser tattoo removalenlighten iii – skin resurfacing laserview all 




see all treatments 





february pricessee all february prices












 


teeth whiteninga brighter smile in just one session! includes three 20-minute applications to help lift stains and enhance the appearance of your teeth.
prices from $169read moreclear + brilliant full facea gentle laser treatment designed to refine skin tone and texture.
prices from $299read morevalentines speciala skin-brightening peel designed to refresh and smooth the skin. must be added to an existing or new treatment booking. t&c’s apply: february only: not available with nurse steph, dr syed, dr murray, nurse sarah, nurse laura, nurse frankie
prices from $59read morenew: lumecca ipla high-intensity light treatment designed to target pigmentation, redness, and uneven skin tone for a clearer, more balanced complexion. full face for $349 in february
prices from $349read moremorpheus8 burstwe are proud to remain the first clinic in western australia to offer the latest morpheus8 technology. bookings are now open for this revolutionary, non-invasive, hands-free facial contouring platform.
prices from $600read morecoolsculptingfebruary special: buy 1 & get 50% off next package reshape and contour your body by freezing away stubborn fat! (single applicators) from $349 (was $650). other package offers are available
prices from $349read more 



see all february prices 





our storyowned and operated by medical director dr. glenn murray and senior injector stephanie murray, who have accumulated over 20 years of full-time experience in aesthetic medicine.as multi-award-winning cosmetic clinics, focusing on providing personalised care with an emphasis on patient safety, our holistic approach to aesthetic care includes a range of treatments, from non-surgical options like cosmetic injectables, laser treatments and skin rejuvenation, to surgical procedures such as mini face lift (rhytidectomy), liposuction, blepharoplasty and breast augmentation, performed in our licensed perth day hospital.
 
explore our story 








your cosmetic surgery journey 

two consultations are required, followed by a mandatory 7-day cooling-off period before you can book your surgical procedures.






cosmetic surgery informationbefore the first consultation, a gp referral must be obtained. once your 1st consultation has been booked, you will receive a pre-consultation video via sms or email. this video is designed to highlight key aspects of the procedure along with potential risks, and complications. at your consultation, you’ll complete a validated bdd questionnaire, which will be assessed during your consultation with dr. murray. these initial consultations are essential for ensuring you are fully informed about the procedure. following your 2nd consultation, there is a 7-day cooling-off period. after this period, a deposit of $2,200 is required to book a procedure date should you choose. this protocol is in place to ensure informed decision-making.
before your surgeryyou will receive your quotation and financial consent form via email, accompanied by a digital procedure pack (in two parts) to prepare for your surgery. this procedure pack will include a checklist, your procedure schedule, pathology referral, prescriptions, consent forms and important information. it is important to thoroughly review these materials. a pre-operative call and information video are also scheduled to address any further questions and to prepare you for the surgery.
after your surgerypost-operative care is crucial during the recovery process. for the first 24 hours after your procedures, you need to have someone with you, including transport from the facility and overnight care. your first post-operative review (the following morning), along with suture removal (if applicable) and the 1-month follow-up, will take place in person at our nedlands clinic. other post-op reviews may be conducted via video, as scheduled, to ensure ongoing support and monitoring of your recovery. for any urgent concerns or emergencies, we provide a 24/7 aftercare number for immediate assistance.
 







our doctors





dr.glenn murraymedical director and owner  

dr. murray (med0001196978) leads the team of doctors and health professionals at absolute cosmetic, bringing over two decades of full-time experience in cosmetic medicine to his role as medical director and owner of absolute cosmetic perth.



          meet dr. murray        






dr.david syed 

dr. david syed graduated with a bachelor of medicine and a bachelor of surgery from the university of western australia in 1992 and is a fellow of the royal australian college of general practitioners (fracgp).  he is experienced in skin treatments and utilising non-surgical techniques to improve the quality of the skin.



          meet dr. syed        






stephanie murraydirector of nursing, instructor, and injector with 20+ years’ experience 

stephanie murray, with over 30 years in healthcare and cosmetic medicine, is a registered nurse and co-founder of absolute cosmetic medicine. she is known for her extensive experience in injectable treatments.



          meet stephanie murray        




meet the team 


 







perth cosmetic clinic awards 







latest articlescosmetic surgery news, trends, and educational articles from the team at absolute cosmetic perth.
read all articles













 






 

how identical twins show the power of preventative skin treatments




 

treating the neck: options for prevention & treatment




 

nicole kidman: what procedures has she had?




 

5 cosmetic treatments for men




 

breast implant displacement




 

your consultation at absolute cosmetic




 

cosmetic injectables in a mobile van?




 

choosing the right breast implant: fit, size & considerations




 

understanding treatment options for skin laxity around the eye




 

are dermal fillers dangerous?


 



read all articles 







as seen on 





dr. glenn murray (ahpra registration med0001196978) registered medical practitioner, specialist general practitioner (specialist registration in general practice). general disclaimer: patient... outcomes can vary due to factors such as genetics, diet, age, exercise, lifestyle, weight, and overall health. it’s essential to understand that all invasive surgeries come with inherent risks and require a recovery period and specific care regimen. detailed information regarding surgical risks and complications is available here, but it is advisable to conduct thorough research and obtain a second opinion to ensure you are able to make an informed decision. please note that the information provided is general in nature and does not constitute medical advice or establish a doctor-patient relationship. for real patient images, please visit our before and after page. please be advised that surgical outcomes vary, from patient to patient, and comprehensive research is crucial before making any decisions. this website contains imagery which is only suitable for audiences 18+.
read more 













book onlinecontact us 


home
treatments
concerns
locations
pricing
before & after
blog
portal login
cosmetic injector institute
 

innaloo
perth cbd
nedlands
applecross
joondalup
mandurah
esperance
karratha
geraldton
kalgoorlie
bunbury
coming soon: busselton
all locations
prices
skin truth
gift vouchers
our podcast
mailing list
morpheus8 define
 














































 



©2025 absolute cosmetic
privacy policy













 



sign intreatmentsconcernslocationspricingbefore & aftercontactblogmorpheus8 define

about us
our team
careers
patient information
shop
contact us









 






































 

book now(08) 9389 9099 



 
back


treatments
facebodybreastskinlaser & light 

pricingpricingfebruary prices 


 
back

face view allsurgicalmini face lift (rhytidectomy)eyelid surgery perthfat transferview allnon-surgicalwrinkle relaxersdermal fillersdermal lip fillersview allbody view allsurgicalliposuctionrenuvion skin tighteningfat transferview allnon-surgicalultraformer skin tightening mpt & hifuabsolute sculpt hiemt & rflaser tattoo removalview allbreast view allsurgicalbreast augmentationbreast implant removalbreast reductionview allnon-surgicalview allskin view allsurgicalrenuvion skin tighteningeyelid surgery perthview allnon-surgicalmorpheus8laser – dot co2 fractionalskin booster injectionsvivace rf microneedlingnctf topical treatmentview alllaser & light view allsurgicalerbium laser skin resurfacingview allnon-surgicallaser – dot co2 fractionallaser – pixel fractional laser resurfacinglaser tattoo removalenlighten iii – skin resurfacing laserview all



 
back

surgicalmini face lift (rhytidectomy)surgical procedure designed to tighten loose skin and smooth out wrinkles or folds.
learn moresurgicaleyelid surgery pertheyelid surgery (blepharoplasty) is designed to address skin laxity and excess skin around the eyelids.
learn moresurgicalfat transferfat transfer is the placement of your own fatty tissue to improve lines, wrinkles and contours in areas such as the face, nasolabial lines, cheeks, hips, breasts, or hands.
learn morenon-surgicalwrinkle relaxersanti-wrinkle injections are designed to reduce the appearance of facial lines and creases, addressing signs of ageing.
learn morenon-surgicaldermal fillersdermal fillers are a cosmetic injectable treatment used to restore volume, smooth wrinkles, and enhance facial contours.
learn morenon-surgicaldermal lip fillerslip fillers can add volume, correct naturally uneven lips, and reduce the appearance of lip lines. find a nearby perth lip filler location.
learn moresurgicalliposuctionliposuction procedures are designed to remove excess fat from various areas of the body.
learn moresurgicalrenuvion skin tighteninga minimally invasive skin tightening procedure that utilises plasma energy.
learn morenon-surgicalultraformer skin tightening mpt & hifuthis non-surgical skin tightening treatment uses high-intensity focused ultrasound (hifu) technology. we are the first clinic in w.a. to have the new ultraformer mpt.
learn morenon-surgicalabsolute sculpt hiemt & rfthe absolute sculpt combines hiemt & rf technology to help tone your body and reduce fat.
learn morenon-surgicallaser tattoo removalwe provide advanced laser tattoo removal technologies.
learn moresurgicalbreast augmentationbreast augmentation is a surgical procedure used to increase breast size, enhance shape, and correct uneven breasts.
learn moresurgicalbreast implant removalremove or replace breast implants
learn moresurgicalbreast reductionbreast reduction surgery using vaser liposuction.
learn morenon-surgicalmorpheus8we are proud to remain the first clinic in western australia to offer the latest morpheus8 technology.
learn morenon-surgicallaser – dot co2 fractionaldot laser therapy is a powerful treatment designed to improve the skin’s texture and tone, and to fight fine lines, deep wrinkles and acne scars.
learn morenon-surgicalskin booster injectionsdesigned to enhance skin hydration and improve the appearance of fine lines.
learn morenon-surgicalvivace rf microneedlingan advanced rf and microneedling device designed to address fine lines, skin laxity, support collagen production, and help with scarring.
learn morenon-surgicalnctf topical treatmenta poly-revitalising and anti-aging complex that stimulates fibroblasts to produce collagen, elastin and hyaluronic acid.
learn moresurgicalerbium laser skin resurfacinga procedure designed to address scarring, fine lines, wrinkles, and skin irregularities.
learn morenon-surgicallaser – pixel fractional laser resurfacingrejuvenate damaged or ageing skin and improve pigmentation with this powerful non-surgical laser treatment.
learn morenon-surgicalenlighten iii – skin resurfacing laserthe enlighten iii laser offers reduction of stubborn pigmentation, skin rejuvenation and tattoo removal.
learn more 


















