home | political science | university of colorado boulder skip to main content translateenglishspanishchinesefrenchgermankoreanlaonepalijapanesetibetansearchenter the terms you wish to search for.this siteall of colorado.eduother ways to search:events calendarcampus map political science college of arts and scienceshomeundergraduategraduatepeoplegraduationresearchanti-racismnews & eventsvirtual officegive nowaboutalumnijob opportunitiesinternalhome hire a cu ph.d.  learn more about the different career routes available to psci students  studio research lab  looking for help in a methods course? previousnextabout cu boulder political sciencethe cu political science department provides students with a rigorous education and conducts influential research in all subfields of the discipline. our undergraduate program follows a learning-by-doing curriculum that gives students opportunities for hands-on, applied learning. these opportunities include our studio research lab, the colorado political climate survey, and many more. in the past four years alone, we have graduated two rhodes scholars and three truman scholars. our graduate program trains ph.d. students for the academic market, and recent graduates have secured tenure-track jobs at harvard university, university of chicago, university of iowa, university of new mexico, essex university, and more. finally, our faculty are renowned leaders and scholars at the top of their respective fields. members of our department have won five best-book awards since 2018, and two of our faculty members are deans at cu. please feel free to explore our website and reach out to us if you have any questions. political science events  news & announcements an error has occured - please check your filters and try againan error has occured with the api - please try again later spotlights an error has occured - please check your filters and try againan error has occured with the api - please try again later pathways of political science  quick links   what can i do with a psci degree?   cu academic calendar   declaring your major   hire a cu ph.d.   psci video library   colorado political science review   graduation   virtual office zoom    campus map   campus closure information   student support and case management (sscm)   counseling and psychiatric services    upcoming events in behavorial science  political science  333 ucb, boulder, co 80309-0333  ketchum arts and sciences 115  303-492-7871   303-492-0978general inquiries   pscisa@colorado.edugraduate program information   pscigrad@colorado.edu university of colorado boulder© regents of the university of coloradoprivacy • legal & trademarks • campus mapuniversity of colorado boulder© regents of the university of colorado