

  hoerbiger: emissions solutions for a better tomorrow - hoerbiger.com     products & services





components and services for compressors


components for refrigerant and brake air compressors


components for conventional drive train


components for electric drive train


components for high-voltage batteries


components for fuel cell systems


actuation comfort solutions


test systems for automotive industry


flow control


rotating unions and slip rings


components for gas engines


products and services for explosion protection


wellhead solutions


components for air & industrial compressors


industries – our core marketscompany





who we are


organization & boards


culture and values


sustainability


our origin


foundationcareeropen positionslocationsen


deproducts & servicesoverview products & servicescomponents and services for compressorscomponents for refrigerant and brake air compressorscomponents for conventional drive traincomponents for electric drive traincomponents for high-voltage batteriescomponents for fuel cell systemsactuation comfort solutionstest systems for automotive industryflow controlrotating unions and slip ringscomponents for gas enginesproducts and services for explosion protectionwellhead solutionscomponents for air & industrial compressorsindustries – our core marketscompanyoverview companywho we areorganization & boardsculture and valuessustainabilityour originfoundationcareeropen positionslocationsdeincrease efficiency with performance-defining products.


did you know that every fourth car uses key components from hoerbiger? read the article about it here.reducing emissions with performance-defining products.


did you know that we make sure that the wind turbines turn in the wind? read the article about it here.maximize safety with performance-determining products.


did you know that hoerbiger ensures safety on board on all seven seas? read the article about it here.saving lives with performance-defining products.


did you know that hoerbiger enables premature babies to step into life? read the article about it here.in focusbusiness areasnewsletterstoriesenabling change.for a better tomorrow.hoerbiger missionwith our performance-defining solutions and our passion for innovation, we support customers from various industries in increasing the performance, efficiency and safety of their products and operations as well as conserving energy and reducing emissions. this is how we enable change. for a better tomorrow.e-mobilitywe maintain an extensive product portfolio for greater efficiency and comfort in electromobility.


learn morehydrogenwe are making a decisive contribution in all areas of the hydrogen value chain.


learn moresustainabilitywe are aware of our responsibility and are driving innovations for decarbonization.


learn moreour business areas      1compressionautomotiverotaryenginesafetycompressionthe compression division is the world market leader in performance-determining components, systems and services for reciprocating compressors and gas flow control systems.


learn moreautomotivethe automotive division is a unique component and system supplier to leading car and truck manufacturers and their tier 1 suppliers.


learn morerotarythe rotary business unit is the global market leader for rotary unions. they are performance-determining components in many fields of application.


learn moreenginethe engine business unit sets the standard for injectors, controls and ignition systems for gaseous fuels - especially hydrogen.


learn moresafetythe safety business unit sets standards for the best possible explosion protection solutions in industrial processing and power generation plants around the world.


learn moreour newsletterhanns. a pioneers magazineread the latest issue here!hoerbiger news_hanns._yearbookhoerbigerstories


all news at a glancenews january 23rd, 2025effectively eliminate emissions from reciprocating compressors in stand-by modereciprocating compressors are potential sources of emissions, including fugitive emissions from seal leaks that occur during operation and when a pressurized compressor is on stand-by. this is precisely where the new emissionshield static rod sealing system, the latest emissions product from hoerbiger, comes in.


learn morenews january 20th, 2025bernhard linder becomes new cfo olaf werwitzke is leaving the hoerbiger group after a successful tenure as cfo and member of the executive board. he will be succeeded by bernhard lindner, previously managing director of hoerbiger wien gmbh, who brings many years of experience in finance & controlling.


learn morenews january 10th, 2025hoerbiger strengthens its offering for safety and explosion protectionhoerbiger is acquiring the bicera explosion relief valve product line from penn-troy manufacturing inc., a leading u.s. manufacturer of engine explosion protection and wastewater valves. this will strengthen hoerbiger's safety and explosion protection portfolio, enhancing its global offering.


learn morenews october 13th, 2024hoerbiger receives funding for fully automatic production of bipolar plates for electrolyzersin 2023, hoerbiger started manufacturing bipolar plates for electrolyzers, a key component for the production of green hydrogen. for the development and demonstration of an energy-efficient and fully automatic manufacturing process for the bipolar plates, the company has now received funding from the bavarian ministry of economic affairs.


learn morenews september 09th, 2024hoerbiger opens new packaging facility in slovakia and launches the hcp 500last week, various supporters of hydrogen technology, including h2 mobility and cavendish hydrogen, gathered together with partner ariel corporation and hoerbiger employees to celebrate the official opening of the new packaging facility in trnava.


learn morenews september 16th, 2024h2 mobility, hoerbiger, and ariel develop europe's most powerful hydrogen refueling stationthe project partners are developing a new hydrogen filling station for trucks and buses in düsseldorf with a daily dispensing capacity of over 5 tons. this "filling station of the future" sets new standards and is an important step towards a sustainable transport infrastructure.


learn morenews july 21st, 2024hoerbiger joins the hydrogen engine alliancefounded in 2021, the alliance unites leading companies from industry and research to promote the development and acceptance of hydrogen engines and the expansion of the necessary infrastructure. by joining, hoerbiger aims to expand its expertise and collaborate more closely with industry partners.


learn morenews june 10th, 2024hot off the press: the new yearbook 2023/2024 is here!discover the milestones we have achieved in 2023, get to know some of our global teams and find out how we will continue to pursue our ambitious plan for profitable growth in the future.


learn morenewsroomopen positionslocationscorporate governancereport compliance incidentdata protectionpurchasingcertificatesimprint 