



c.p.w.d.a. info
















    182
 








cpwda central

 

last update: 
		february 17, 
		2025


 








 






 




the connecticut police work dog association inc. was established in 
		1991, to assist, unite and promote police service dogs in the state of 
		connecticut. this organization was established to enhance the training, education and overall working performance of our police canine teams.

the connecticut police work dog association inc. has also 
		established minimum 		 

certification standards for patrol and narcotic detection canine teams. these certification 
		standards are comparable to those utilized by federal, state and local 
		law enforcement agencies throughout the united states. we also encourage 
		and assist our members with ongoing in-service training to maintain the 
		police canine teams proficiency.
the connecticut police work dog association inc. utilizes 
		experienced police canine trainers from around the country to conduct 
		certification testing for our canine teams. the use of outside police 
		canine examiners lends credibility to the testing process. the examiner 
		is not connected to the basic training of the police canine team.
the connecticut police work dog association inc. presently has 
		approximately three hundred police canine teams 
		utilizing the certification standards for patrol and narcotic detection. 
		since our inception we have provided approximately sixty five training workshops 
		and classroom lectures to police canine officers from connecticut and 
		through out the northeast united states.
in 1993, the connecticut police chiefs association, in cooperation 
		with the connecticut police work dog association inc., established the 
		daniel wasson memorial canine award. officer wasson was a milford, 
		connecticut police canine officer who was shot and killed in the line of 
		duty. officer wasson made the ultimate sacrifice; it is in his memory 
		that these awards are given each year.
these annual awards are chosen from line of duty deployments 
		submitted by connecticut police canine teams that exemplify the highest 
		tradition of police canine law enforcement. the award plaques honoring 
		officer daniel wasson and the winners of this prestigious award, hangs 
		proudly in the lobby of the connecticut police academy in meriden, 
		connecticut.
the connecticut police work dog association inc. does not represent 
		any specific law enforcement agency, nor do we advocate any specific 
		method of training. we have the expertise to assist any law enforcement 
		agency in establishing a canine unit, canine policy and canine unit 
		procedures. we can provide assistance in handler and canine selection 
		and we can assist your agency locate a credible training program.
if you have 
		any questions or require further information on the connecticut police 
		work dog association inc., please refer to the information provided on 
		our web page or 
		e-mail the current cpwda president or 
		board directors below.  cpwda members are asked to address any questions 
		to their immediate reigion vice president.

cpwda president, officer dave peterson -
		
		dpeterson@norwalkct.org
cpwda north west vice-president, officer david 
		gallo 
		dgallo@seymourpolice.org

cpwda south west vice-president , officer garrett 
		kruger - 
garrettkruger13@gmail.com

cpwda north east vice-president, sergeant todd m. mona 
		-tmona@easthartfordct.gov

cpwda south east vice-president - officer shawn 
		lisee - 
		shawnlisee@yahoo.com

cpwda secretary - corporal james loomer
		
		jloomer@westportct.gov

cpwda treasurer, james a. cortina -
		
		k9cortina@atlanticbb.net




		
		 
 



		 



		 

		 

		 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
    





web-master:
	jim cortina 
 
 
 








copyright 2004 connecticut police work dog 
	association (c.p.w.d.a.)
all rights reserved. reproduction strictly 
	prohibited.








