



   











college of design, art & performance | university of south florida




















skip to main content


university of south floridacollege of design, art & performanceuniversity of south florida



search






search for: 







main navigation
menu



give now


about us
apply
academics
advising
research
events




myusf
directory








college of design, art & performance | university of south florida


slide 1
slide 2
slide 3
slide 4



an orange sun in a red sky.

usf professor ya-hui cheng honored for groundbreaking research in music


a student looks at a print of an artwork.

insideart at 15: a legacy of learning through contemporary art


prints from the life during wartime portfolio including (clockwise from bottom) sebastiaan
                     bremer, "i’ve been holding my breath now for a while now #2," 2021, jake and dinos
                     chapman, "the disasters of yoga," 2021, mark thomas gibson, "last gasp," 2021, ellen
                     harvey, "the disappointed tourist: black wall street," 2021, deborah kass, "print
                     with balls," 2021, hew locke, "corona queen 3," 2021, and narsiso martinez, "good
                     farms," 2021. photography by will lytch.

national gallery of art acquires limited edition prints from usf’s graphicstudio


an architectural model on display at the sacd open house.

usf faculty recognized at aia tampa bay honor and design awards




success stories

by providing hands-on education, real-world practice, and mentoring, the usf college
               of design, art & performance offers students the opportunities they need to grow in
               their professions and pursue their passions. the stories above highlight some of the
               experiences and accomplishments of our faculty, students, and alumni to help inspire
               you to take the next step in your own success story.




school of
architecture & community design



school of
art & art history


usf herd of thunder marching band performing during homecoming in the stands at raymond
            james stadium in tampa, florida


dancer on stage in theatre 1 during the usf school of theatre and dance's bfa dance
            showcase



school of
music



school of
theatre & dance



college of design, art & performance
contemporary art museum



institute for research in art
graphicstudio


alt text


alt text



school of architecture and community design
florida center for community design and research



college of design, art & performance
news


discover our college

as the creative center of the university of south florida, the college of design,
               art & performance provides an enriched, creative, and professional environment for
               tomorrow’s leaders in architecture, community design, art, art history, music, theatre,
               and dance. browse through our programs and institutes to begin your path towards an
               inspiring life in the arts.





usf college of design, art & performance
where creativity becomes your career

apply now



always something to experience

the arts at usf produces over 400 events each year, including concerts, performances,
               exhibitions, talks, conferences, masterclasses, and festivals—all open to students
               and the tampa bay community. plan your next visit to experience the talent of our
               student and faculty productions, and enjoy work, discourse and public art by leading
               international artists and scholars.





         college news
         

friday, february 14, 2025usf professor ya-hui cheng honored for groundbreaking research in music
friday, january 17, 2025usf students and mosi spotlight new era for digital dome planetarium
thursday, january 9, 2025the usf contemporary art museum presents x factor: latinx artists and the reconquest
               of the everyday



         college events
         


starts
                  		    	 jan
                  		    	
                  		    	17
                  		    	

    
                  		    x factor: latinx artists and the reconquest of the everyday
                  		    
january 17 – march 8, usf contemporary art museum


starts
                  		    	 feb
                  		    	
                  		    	10
                  		    	

    
                  		    angel’s whisper
                  		    
february 10 – 20, monday – thursday, 11:00 am - 3:00 pm, reception: friday, february
                  14th 6:00 - 8:00 pm



                  		    	 feb
                  		    	
                  		    	18
                  		    	

    
                  		    wind ensemble featuring julian bliss
                  		    
tuesday, february 18, 7:30 pm - 9:30 pm, usf concert hall (mus 101)



                  		    	 feb
                  		    	
                  		    	19
                  		    	

    
                  		    kennedy family in-residence visiting artist: meredith martin
                  		    
wednesday, february 19, 6:00 pm - 7:00 pm, fah 101



all events
box office
subscribe






university of south florida





menu

about usf
academics
admissions
locations
campus life
research


administrative units
regulations & policies
human resources
work at usf
emergency & safety
title ix


college of design, art & performance
architecture & community design
art & art history
music
theatre & dance
institute for research in art




4202 e. fowler avenue,  fah 110, tampa, fl 33620, usa813-974-2301

facebook
youtube
flickr
instagram



copyright © 2025, university of south florida. all rights reserved.
this website is maintained by college of design, art & performance.

privacy
contact usf
visit usf
accessibility



  


