
sun-mar composting toilets,gold bank accounts sounds of silver baby gifts, composting toilet, harmony balls, harmony ball jewelry, chiming baby rattles, chiming jewelry













this site is dedicated to health, ecology, and simple luxury  
welcome to

established1991

mountain lion trading company

troy montana
888-468-5466
c. j. mayer,  proprietor




mountain lion distributing is proud to offer an eclectic array of products in harmony with nature. we have recently discovered a new product that has made a real significant difference in our lives and inthe lives of thousands of our friends and neighbors. this product is a super high potency anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidant that has been reported to be much more effective than any of the prescription drugs on the market and it repairs the damage that was done if you have been unfortunate enough to have used any of them. wende and i has not been sick or had any pain since we started on this product. even after a full day of hard skiing, i feel great! did i mention that this is an all natural whole fruit juice? thats right a fruit juice! i could not believe it. and it tastes so good you will have to keep it on the top shelf of the refrigerator or the kids will drain the bottle in 10 minutes. the fruit is an exotic fruit , grown in the jungles of thailand, (i love thai food) it is called the mangosteen.  the whole fruit puree of the mangosteen fruit is called xango. you have probably not heard of it, yet. it has only recently been introduced into the united states and other western countries. 

since discovering this product we have been growing our business faster than ever before and it has already exceeded the income from my real job. check out my other website and if you ever have thought about working for yourself, taking years off work, staying home to enjoy your children or even being rich, you need to look this over. there is nothing as gratifying as seeing people you love improve their health in a remarkable, unconditional way that you do not even recognize them. we are so lucky that we found this product and are in turn giving back in all gratitude to you the opportunity to see what this can do for you. try xango! you may love the results! bless your heart.

now, whether you are looking for a way to build on land that is not able to pass a perc test or want to select the ultimate unique baby gift that has become a tradition in many families, or even want to feel great every day, we have selected these products because they are the best and we fell in love with what they are able to do. 

we have all but closed our trading post located in troy, montana, currently in our home on the yaak mountain, and moved to the city of spokane, washington.  with the help of xango, we hope to be able to return home and reopen the store, soon. meanwhile we are thriving in town and holding real jobs to pay the bills. 

sun-mar composting toilets are the world leader in self-contained composting toilets and have expanded their line to include composting toilets that will fit in sailboats, power boats, trailers, rv's and even schoolbuses. our composting toilet capacities has increased to support a family of 9 to 11 people and attach 3 toilets in separate bathrooms. there is no other residential toilet or waterless toilet that works as well or is easier to maintain. call us at 1-888-468-5466(1-888-4 mt lion) and we will give you the names and phone numbers of the other manufacturers of composting toilets or incinerating toilets, too. we believe that you should know the differences in toilets so you can make up your own mind. if you do the research, you will choose sun-mar.


you can also select fine silver baby gifts or chiming jewelry by harmony ball, musicsphere, sounds of silver or chimerattle. as an ex-distributer of harmony ball company, when they discontinued the manufacture and sales of their silver chiming jewelry line, i was left with a large inventory of harmony balls and decided to sell their chiming jewelry on my website. i have run out of many of the favorite designs and found a very good substitute in the musicsphere line. the quality and sound of the chiming spheres is well defined and tuned. the music sphere line has made many friends over the years and i am proud to carry that line. in the past couple of years harmony ball has returned to the chiming sphere jewelry arena with limited selections.we are now carrying both lines as well as the chiming rattles.


the harmony baby chiming rattles and teething rings did not disappear as the line was sold and re-emerged as sounds of silver baby gifts.  we have been so fortunate that this wonderful baby shower gift has not disappeared as the tradition of giving silver chiming rattles and teething rings are making a great comeback. i cannot be sure that the baby rattles that you may want will be in stock when you want it, but if you call us on our toll free number1-888-468-5466(1-888-4 mt lion) we will be able to check our baby gift stock and reserve our stock for your order. good news!  harmony baby is back and it looks like the company will be retaining this line again as well as a limited selection of other chiming products.


another amazing product that we carry is the sun harmony chi machine and the hte line of fine health products. the chi machine is an apparently simple device that increases the oxygen level and circulation of your blood and decreases the amount of toxins in your body by increasing lymphatic system activity. the chi machine is easy to use and actually "fun to ride." 

the hte hothouse is a far infra-red tunnel that surrounds you with gentle warming rays that penetrate one and a half to three inches into your tissues causing muscles to relax, and circulation to increase. the far infra-red rays also are extremely effective at killing viral and bacterial diseases. the vibrational wave form resonates well with healthy cells while destroying abnormal cells.












save the environment!


recycle back to nature!




 mountain lion distributing 
  the original mangosteen juice 
 gold backed bank accounts  
 health and fitness products 
 nutritional products 
 the place to goforinformation 



mountain lion distributingsales office2404 north columbus streetspokane, wa  99207-2126509-484-6205 this page was created by cougar jaw,  copyright ©  2011   all rights reserved.feedback to webmaster



