


beyond the picket fence























    
	beyond the picket fence
	
  






thursday, february 08, 2007



	 
	 deer eating magnolia buds
	 
    


deer eating magnolia budsafter this recent cold spell we've been having, i've noticed that the deer have been eating the buds off my magnolia trees. i've had this happen before when temperatures dropped. and the best way to solve the problem of the deer nibbling on the magnolia buds is to sprinkle pepper (when i'm feeling particularly flustered, cayenne pepper) onto the buds at a level the deer can browse. deer don't tend to be as fond of cayenne pepper as i do. serves those little rascals right! they have plenty of forage around the surrounding area and they have to pick on my magnolia trees. i look forward to the spring blooms about this time of year. the last thing i want is pesky deer eating away at my spring show of magnolia flowers.



posted by gardening addict at 11:04 pm






saturday, august 19, 2006



	 
	 gardenweb forums are down.
	 
    



gardenweb forums down


oh no! i just peeked in to the gardenweb forums and noticed that they are down. i'm hoping everything is okay there and that they will be up shortly. i went to check on another forum, grow girl forum, where i'm more a lurker than anything and they are still going strong there. i got out and got the squash plants sprayed today and am crossing my fingers. yeck! i hate chemicals! i'll post more about it later. happy gardening!



posted by gardening addict at 4:35 pm









	 
	 welcome to beyond the picket fence
	 
    



beyond the picket fence


hi ya'll! so excited about having another blog to write. my old one just lost it's feel. i thought beyond the picket fence sounded nice, since i'd like to use this platform for gardening related subjects. on that note, i put out a garden this year and had some pretty good success and wanted to keep a journal. so a blog about gardening just seemed like the right thing to do. well, the darn squash bugs have arrived in droves. they're killing off my cucumbers, squash and took my miniature pumpkins out before they reached 6 inches high. i tried using sevin dust on them, but i think the sevin dust gave them super powers. i have some old blackleaf 40 that my mother gave me some time back, so i think i'll give that stuff a try. it's pretty lethal, not only for bugs, but also for pets and humans. for a 150 pound person, 60 mg is an average lethal dose. i hope it thoroughly does the job, for the squash bugs i mean. well, that will be all for today. i have many garden chores to accomplish this weekend. happy gardening!


blogger garden gardening blog about gardening



posted by gardening addict at 12:25 am












favorite garden links

how to build a greenhouse
arbor plans
hgtv
horticulture and gardening jobs
red flowering dogwood
national garden association
coffee grounds in the garden
magnolia tree
magnolia society
star magnolia

previous posts

deer eating magnolia buds
gardenweb forums are down.
welcome to beyond the picket fence

archives

august 2006
february 2007


garden and plants feed






search4i.com



