








lake and pond management - aquatic control since 1966
















































































































 





























menu

lakeside legends

about us

meet the team careers partners 
 lake management case studies success stories lakeside library lakeside cinema
lake management services

residential algae/weed control commercial algae/weed control industrial algae/weed control harmful algal bloom management fountain service aeration services fish management laboratory services lake mapping custom diy treatment programs lake construction consultation
buy now

best sellers – free shipping fountain/aeration

aquamaster otterbine kasco diffused aeration systems diffused aeration parts 
 fisheries management water quality test kits for ponds & lakes product labels & sds equipment
locations

central indiana missouri northwest indiana kentucky southwest indiana west tennessee illinois iowa east tennessee
contact us













no products in the cart.






















now offering free shipping on our best sellers 












 



guiding you to get the most out of your water. 






start living















what are you looking for? 


















						services					

















						products					














popular right now 


















						algae & weed control					

















						fountain service					

















						laboratory test kits					

















						fish management					

















						best sellers and free shipping					
















 





aquatic control tv 







 

 play


 

 

 play


 

 

 play


 

 

 play


 

 

 play


 

 

 play


 

 

 play


 

 

 play


 

 

 play


 



 previous


 next

















 




















						free consultation					

						you paid to live on the water...					


						start living					




















 


since 1966, aquatic control has been providing high quality products, services, and staff for managing lakes, ponds, and other water resources.  our professional staff includes: fisheries biologists, factory trained fountain specialists, and licensed aquatic applicators.  our services include vegetation management plans, treatment programs, fountain/aeration system installations, fish population surveys and mapping.

contact us
phone: 800.753.lake 
email: sales@aquaticcontrol.com

locations: click here



quick links
about us
lake management services
fountain & aeration
buy now
contact us
careers
my account
terms & conditions








    copyright © 2024 aquatic control. all rights reserved.    






























now offering free shipping on most products 










shop now
















nick pearce
aquatic biologist
nick was hired into the valparaiso, indiana office as a full time aquatic biologist in early march of 2017. he was born in lansing, michigan and was raised about 25 minutes southeast of lansing in the small rural town of dansville, michigan. he attended dansville schools throughout his whole childhood and graduated from dansville high school in june of 2012.
after high school nick decided to pursue his degree at lake superior state university in fisheries and wildlife management, but after a year he transferred to grand valley state university. he graduated on december 10th, 2016 with a bachelor of science in natural resource management. during the summers between college semesters, nick broadened his education and experience by completing internships with the michigan deq, michigan dnr, and plm lake & land management corp. here he gained skills such as aquatic and terrestrial plant identification, treatment methods, wildlife habitat improvement using heavy equipment, and fish and wildlife surveying methods. he also obtained his commercial pesticide applicator’s license during his internship at plm lake & land management.
during college nick also held a part time job as an archery technician at cabela’s, which directly correlates to his favorite hobbies of bow hunting for white-tailed deer, wild turkeys, and any kind of fishing whether it be deep water fishing for salmon and walleye or river fishing for trout. he also loves snowmobiling, camping, boating, and many other recreational activities. nick’s responsibilities here at aquatic control inc. will include aquatic plant control and management, interacting with the public, and the installation and maintenance of fountains and aerators.









melissa willey
customer service specialist
melissa willey was born and raised in vero beach, florida. from the time she was little, melissa grew up helping out with her family’s business at blue crystal ice and vero supply. she went to vero beach high school from 2005-2009. once she graduated high school, she went to indian river state college where she earned her aa in business administration before deciding to go to the university of north florida (unf) where she received her bachelor’s in marketing in 2015. in her free time melissa enjoys kayaking, fishing, hiking, and camping.
while at unf, melissa participated in the women in business society where she was involved with community outreach events and helped raised awareness for organizations as well as attending special events by guest speakers. during the spring of 2014, melissa went on study abroad to austria and the czech republic where she toured the united nations and was able to visit with many local businesses and observe how these businesses operated overseas.
after graduating from unf in 2015, melissa worked for hancock printing equipment as an administrative assistant in lutz, florida. while there, she processed all the orders for freight shipping and receiving as well as preparing all necessary shipping documents.  she also handled taking sales and service orders from their clientele.
in march of 2016 melissa and her husband moved to indiana and recently bought a home in columbus, in. over the past year, melissa has been working in nashville, indiana at mulberry cottage where she worked in sales. she loves working in customer service and being able to get involved in helping customers find what they are looking for and have a great experience at the same time.
she began working for aquatic control at the end of april 2018 as the customer service specialist. along with assisting customers and handling/processing orders, she will be reconciling inventory for all the offices as well as monthly expense reports for each employee.









kody gunter
aeration technician
kody gunter was born in columbus, indiana in 1995. although living a few years in glasgow, kentucky he has spent most of his younger years in north vernon, indiana where he graduated from jennings county high school in 2014. along with receiving his 2-year certificate in auto collision from the south easter career center in versailles, indiana. previous work history has included working in the detail shop at bob poynter gm where he applied the special cilajet coating to customer cars.
kody married his wife rachel in october of 2016 and says that has and will always be the happiest day of his life. his hobbies include his big passion for cars and working on his old jeep wrangler. playing video games with his friends in his free time and spending time with his wife. he also loves to do detail work and says it’s just something that runs in his blood.
kody started with aquatic control in june of 2018 and works in the aeration and fountain department. his responsibilities include installation and maintenance on fountains and compressors. winter removal for storage and learning as much as he can about aeration and lakes.









jon houser
aquatic biologist
jon houser was raised in huntertown, indiana. he went to carroll high school before deciding to go to purdue university to major in fisheries and aquatic sciences. in his free time jon enjoys hunting, fishing, camping, and other types of outdoor recreation.
while at purdue, jon participated in the american fisheries society all four years. he was a member of the cooperative house gemini, where he served as brotherhood chair. jon also spent time volunteering and working in multiple labs within the forestry and natural resource department. jon enjoyed many of the classes within his major, specifically courses such as fish ecology, advanced ichthyology, and fish management.
after graduating from purdue university in 2015, jon worked as a teaching assistant for a summer practicum and a marine biology practicum through purdue university. he was also a fisheries technician for a lake whitefish study in saginaw bay. he then spent multiple years working as an interpretive naturalist at dunes learning center. recently jon has worked in yellowstone national park as a fisheries technician on an invasive lake trout project.
in october of 2017 jon moved to indiana to find work closer to family. he began working for aquatic control on march 29, 2018. he works as an aquatic biologist and applicator. jon wishes to use his knowledge and experience to assist in aquatic plant management, pond and lake management, installation of fountains and aerators, and fish surveys.









troy hubbard
aquatic biologist
mr. hubbard is an aquatic biologist at aquatic control, inc., evansville, in. he was born on june 5th, 1995 in ravenna, oh. troy graduated from valley high school in 2013 with academic honors. after three and a half years he then went on to receive a bachelor’s of science in ecology, evolution and organismal biology at west liberty university in the fall semester of 2016.
while attending west liberty university, troy gained research experience in multiple fields of study. mr. hubbard has research experience with both fisheries management and conservation research. while at west liberty university, troy had the privilege of working with dr. zachary loughman on his astacology research team. he gained field experience on this research team while surveying/collecting crayfish, performing on-site genetic sampling and evaluating stream water quality. the efforts of the team were successful and resulted in an endangered status and federal protection of two crayfish species in the tristate area of west virginia, kentucky and virginia. mr. hubbard was also an assistant intern with dr. joe greathouse, gaining valuable skills in a rearing and release program with hellbender salamanders. the work involved  husbandry and rearing of hellbender salamander from eggs/young to mature adults for release. he was also responsible for field work surveying/sampling hellbenders. husbandry duties consisted of measuring, feeding, cleaning and maintaining correct amounts of antibacterial and antifungal fluids.
troy’s most recent work was with the kentucky department of fish and wildlife resources as a fisheries technician ii. he worked with the western kentucky critical species investigation branch to research and remove asian carp from kentucky lake and lake barkley. his responsibilities in his position included boat maintenance, telemetry tracking, surgical ultrasonic telemetry tag implantation, electrofishing, experimental gill net sampling, fin ray/otolith aging, fish market/gonad data, public relations, purchasing. troy has also worked with the western fisheries district to help with large scale habitat improvement projects and sport fisheries management.
mr. hubbard joined aquatic control, inc. as an aquatic biologist. his responsibilities include product application for algae and weed control or water enhancement, aeration/fountain work including regular maintenance and problem shooting, and product sales/customer relation.









leif willey
lake & special project supervisor
we are happy to announce that leif willey will be joining aquatic control on january 22, 2018 as our lake & special projects supervisor!  mr. willey grew up in seymour, indiana where from an early age he had an interest and passion for the outdoors. he attended seymour high school from 2002-2006.
after graduating high school, mr. willey continued his education at purdue university and majored in fisheries and aquatic sciences.  after his sophomore year, he began a summer internship at aquatic control. this internship sparked his interest in the management and biology of aquatic plants and algae. at the end of his second summer internship he decided that he wanted to further his education in the subject matter post-graduation.  mr. willey was accepted for admission into the university of florida graduate school under dr. michael netherland.
mr. willey began working for dr. netherland as a graduate assistant in july, 2010. his duties, in addition to completing required coursework for my degree, were to assist dr. netherland with ongoing aquatic plant related research projects as well as to conduct my own independent research project and thesis for fulfillment of his degree. much of leif’s research focused on management of invasive crested floating heart.  while in school mr. willey attended several national and regional aquatic plant management society meetings where he presented regular updates on his research project and won several student presenter contests as well as received the mapms graduate research grant in 2012.  mr. willey graduated in december 2012 with a master of science degree in agronomy. after graduation dr. netherland hired him back as a research assistant at the center for aquatic and invasive plants in gainesville, fl. his duties included carrying out research projects both in the lab and field directed by dr. netherland as well as contribute his own research projects as allowed. during this time, he also worked with dr. netherland to get several of his thesis chapters published in the journal of aquatic plant management.
in november 2013 he began a new job as research biologist with aquatic systems inc. a lake and wetland management company based in pompano beach, fl, where his duties were to evaluate new chemistries as they came available; maintain and update the chemical use guide; provide regular training for all field staff and service managers on new treatments procedures, label updates, herbicide use patterns and equipment; direct research and problem solving operations among all 10 of the company’s offices around the state as needed; bring new monitoring and assessment/screening technology into the analytical laboratory that the company operated.
in february 2016, mr. willey accepted an offer to be a technical specialist at sepro corporation in the ohio valley territory. his duties at sepro included assisting customers to develop management programs with sepro’s portfolio of aquatic herbicides and algaecides and to support the use of their products within his territory. he was also involved with a variety of projects from monitoring treatments to evaluating experimental herbicides/algaecides for registration with sepro’s stewards of water business partners.
after moving back to indiana, mr. willey got married to wife melissa on october 8, 2016 in seymour, in. they bought a home and settled in columbus, in. in his free time he still enjoys being outdoors and traveling with his wife. mr. willey enjoys hunting everything from small game to waterfowl, deer and turkey, practicing taxidermy, fishing, and trapping.
mr. willey’s duties at aquatic control as the lake & special projects supervisor will include scheduling, planning, and completing lake treatments; managing indiana lare projects; employee supervision and review; and proposal/contract creation.  in addition, leif’s education and past experiences will be called upon to help improve aquatic control’s research and lab capabilities.









zac tankersley
aquatic biologist
zac tankersley was born in knoxville, tennessee on december 29th, 1992. he then moved to lafollette, tennessee in 2000 where he began the 2nd grade and finished all the way through high school. zac then attended tennessee tech university acquiring a bachelor’s degree in wildlife fisheries science with a concentration in fisheries. he graduated proudly with a 3.28 gpa. he was also a member of the ttu fisheries club that helped raise money for funding the kids fishing derby each year. some undergrad work while attending ttu work includes sauger radio telemetry, walleye egg collection and fertilization, and silver carp data collection. zac also did research on the major flood impacts on blackburn fork species numbers over time. this was a semester long project that was presented at the southern division of the american fisheries society meeting in chattanooga, tennessee.
zac’s passion for outdoor activities came from his father who enjoyed taking him hunting for deer starting in the 8th grade and trout fishing the clinch river. his grandfather also took him for crappie on norris lake which is where he first grew a passion for boating. zac then began fishing for carp and larger species. zac now enjoys musky fishing every chance he gets with a little striped bass fishing mixed in. zac’s other great passion is bowfishing on his 20ft boat he custom built. zac has also recently begun to dabble with duck hunting.
zac now resides in elizabethtown, kentucky where he began his job on september 18th, 2017 as an aquatic biologist for aquatic control inc. his current duties are lake and pond management, aeration installation, fish survey technician, and equipment maintenance. anything a customer of aquatic control needs, he can handle!









zach allyn
aquatic biologist
zach allyn was employed by aquatic control in september of 2017.  he was hired as an aquatic biologist at the northern indiana office in valparaiso, indiana.  zach was born in denver, colorado.  after moving back, he grew up in the small, northern indiana town of culver and he graduated from culver military academy class of 2013.  in school he participated in basketball, golf, soccer, and several extracurricular military activities. furthering his education, he attended grace college and theological seminary in winona lake, indiana.  through his four years at college, he also was a member of the golf team. he finished his bachelor’s degree in environmental science with a minor in business in may of 2017.
during his college education he spent two years working as a research assistant and intern for the organization the center for lakes and streams.  at cls, he worked alongside other interns to take samples and identify species of aquatic plants and algae levels as well as the levels of nutrients in the inflow and outflow streams from the lakes.
zach has always enjoyed spending time outdoors.  outside of work hours he enjoys spending time playing golf, landscaping, listening to music, kayaking, and spending time with family and friends.









keith evans
aquatic applicator
keith evans started with aquatic control august 31, 2017, at the seymour location in the lake management department.  mr. evans was born in newnan, georgia.  he met his wife in north carolina while he was stationed there.  mr. evans went to northgate high school and his previous work history includes the united states postal service, walmart distribution, and the united states marine corps.
mr. evans is married with 2 daughters ages 15 and 5 and lives in seymour, in.  he enjoys hunting, fishing, camping, and anything involved in the outdoors.  he is a diehard atlanta falcons and georgia bulldogs fan.
mr. evans’ responsibilities at aquatic control will include aquatic plant management, application equipment maintenance, participation in fish surveys, and removal/installation of fountain equipment.  we are happy to have keith join the aquatic control staff and look forward to his growth with the company.









wesley goldsmith
fish management specialist
mr. goldsmith is a fisheries biologist for aquatic control at the seymour, indiana office. he was born and raised outside of oldenburg, indiana and graduate from batesville high school in 2011. wes received a bachelor of science degree in fisheries and aquatic sciences from purdue university in may 2011. while attending purdue he worked on several graduate research projects including silver and bighead carp telemetry studies along the wabash river, stream community diversity studies in northern indiana, and a habitat assessment study in a backwater of the ohio river.
after graduation wes completed his second stint with the indiana department of natural resources as a seasonal aide. while in this position he aided in several lake management surveys, big rivers surveys, and helped around the cikana fish hatchery. other duties included writing small reports, aging scales of various species, and providing maintenance on nets and other equipment. in december of 2015 wes began a position with marsh & associates as a fisheries technician in phoenix, arizona. after assisting in several projects, he quickly was promoted to fisheries biologist i. in this position he began to lead multiple projects including a telemetry study on utah lake, a razorback sucker telemetry study on the colorado river, and an amargosa pupfish study in death valley national park. responsibilities included supervising field technicians, analyzing data, writing reports, and presenting at professional conferences.
mr. goldsmith began his career with aquatic control in the summer of 2017 as an aquatic biologist. in july of 2018 wes was promoted to fisheries biologist. his duties include: scheduling and performing fish surveys, writing fish survey reports, conducting pond clinics, and aquatic plant management. he is a certified and licensed aquatic pesticide applicator in indiana and ohio. he is a member of the society of lake management professionals and indiana chapter of the american fisheries society.









greg kunze
aeration technician
greg joined the aquatic control valparaiso office team on march 13, 2017 as a lake and fountain technician.  he was born on july 4th in cadillac michigan and spent most of his life in michigan with stops in florida, tennessee and south carolina.  he graduated cum laude from lansing community college with a degree in business management and attended northwood university.
he brings customer service and mechanical experience from his days of managing apartment complexes and working at an faa certified repair station. participating in sports most of his life taught him the importance of being on and working with a team.  a results oriented person, greg never stops thinking and learning ways to improve overall performance in both himself and what he is doing in order to make the team stronger, in order to best serve the customer’s needs.
he enjoys tinkering and his two daughters, annie and madeline call him “the fixer guy”.  he also enjoys sports, movies, reading and music of all kinds.
greg will be servicing lakes and ponds on the valparaiso, la porte and south bend routes as well as focusing on fountain and aeration service.









casey hershberger
aquatic biologist
full bio coming soon









bill thomas
aeration service supervisor
bill thomas graduated from edinburgh high school in 1975. shortly after graduating bill joined the army national guard in 1976 and went into basic training at fort knox, kentucky. he graduated from helicopter repairman school at fort rucker, alabama in 1977 and was honorably discharged in 1983. bill attended ivy tech in 1988 for print reading/hydraulic and computer programming.
while studying at ivy tech, bill was also employed at kawneer (greenwood, indiana), in the custom fabrication department, as a layout fabricator. his duties included hand layout of all hardware preps from all work orders, fabrication of vertical and horizontal rails, inspecting material for defects in rails, matching the colors of rails, and inspecting work orders for hardware compatibility and errors. as a cnc operator he worked with engineers to find the best tools to be used for cnc and he edited and merged programs as needed.
in 2000 bill was promoted to group leader in the custom fabrication department where he worked until he was promoted again in 2002 to the office where he was responsible for taking orders from distributors and converting it into work orders with all the specifications required to build customized commercial doors and frames. bill stayed at this job until 2003 when kawneer closed and relocated to mississippi.
since coming to aquatic control in march of 2003, bill has worked in the aeration department as a field and shop technician. through years of hands on experience bill has become proficient in shop and field repair for multiple brands of fountain and aeration equipment.  bill is a factory trained and certified warranty repair technician for all floating fountains and diffused air systems sold and serviced by aquatic control.
in april 2018 bill was promoted to the position of aeration service supervisor.  as supervisor, bill is in charge of all service and repair activities handled by the seymour, in office and is tasked with managing and growing this facet of the service business.  bill oversees seymour office aeration technicians and works closely with aquatic control branch offices, dealers, and retail customers.









matthew johnson
president
matthew johnson completed his primary education at lutheran central school and graduated from brownstown central high school in 1996.  in may of 2000, he received a b.s. degree in business administration with a marketing emphasis from the university of southern indiana.  mr. johnson has been employed with aquatic control, inc. since 1993.
during his employment at aquatic control, inc., he has been involved with many aspects of the company.  he has worked in shipping, aquatic vegetation management, fish population surveys, fountain and aeration system installation, fish eradication projects, fish stocking, vegetation planting, and various freshwater diving projects.
mr. johnson began full-time employment with aquatic control, inc. in november 2000.  during this time, his primary duties included aquatic application, electrofishing surveys, and installation of fountains and aeration systems.  mr. johnson was an applicator on one of the largest eurasian watermilfoil projects to date, the 2002 houghton lake, mi project.  as his knowledge of the science and the industry grew, aquatic control began to utilize his business background.  in january 2003, he became a sales associate and his focus was redirected to product support and distribution.
in january 2004, mr. johnson was promoted to sales manager of aquatic control, inc.  since this time, his main focus has been on the sales, support, and distribution of products.  mr. johnson was appointed to the aquatic control, inc. board of directors in november, 2005 and elected vice president of sales and marketing in december, 2006.  in december, 2015 mr. johnson was elected as executive vice president of aquatic control.  mr. johnson was elected as chief operating officer of aquatic control, inc. in december of 2016.  in december 2017, mr. johnson took over as president of aquatic control.  in this role, he continues to oversee the product sales and distribution, as well as oversee many of the day to day operations of the company as a whole.  mr. johnson facilitates an annual accredited applicator workshop for applicators throughout the midwest.  in addition to this workshop, mr. johnson has assisted with the state pesticide licensing training courses for indiana, kansas, and iowa.
mr. johnson has been involved with the indiana lake management society, illinois lake management association, ohio lake management society, the aquatic plant management society, the midwest aquatic plant management society, the mid-south aquatic plant management society, indiana professional lawn and landscapers association, indiana golf course superintendents association, and the midwest regional turf foundation.  in march 2006, he was elected to the board of directors for the midwest aquatic plant management society (mapms) and served in that role through 2013.  mr. johnson also served as president for mapms in 2012.  in 2017, he was re-elected to the mapms board of directors which he continues to serve.  he is a padi certified scuba diver.  mr. johnson is a life long member of the lutheran church, missouri synod.  “off the clock” mr. johnson enjoys quality time with wife and two boys hiking, golfing, or some other family adventure.









nathan long
executive vice president
mr. long is the executive vice president of aquatic control, inc.    in 1997, he received a b.s. degree in fisheries and aquatic science from purdue university.  following graduation, nate spent the winter of 1997-1998 in the bering sea working aboard a trawler vessel as an observer of the national marine fisheries service.  from 1998-1999 nate was employed as a fisheries biologist aid for duke energy in plainfield, in.
nate was employed by aquatic control, inc. in february 1999.  in january of 2004 nate was promoted to manager of lake management services.  he was appointed to the aquatic control. board of directors in november 2005, elected as vice president of lake management services in december 2006, and promoted to executive vice president in 2017. as of today, his primary responsibility is supervising aquatic vegetation management on numerous waterbodies throughout the midwest.  nate also consults on a wide range of lake management projects and supervises aquatic control’s remote office managers.
mr. long is a member of the indiana chapter of the american fisheries society, indiana lakes management society, aquatic plant management society and is president of the midwest aquatic plant management society.  he is a certified and licensed aquatic pesticide applicator in indiana, illinois, kentucky, missouri, tennessee, ohio, kansas, arkansas, minnesota, and michigan and is a padi certified open water diver.









casey reed
vice president of aeration
casey reed is vice president of aeration services at aquatic control inc., seymour, in.  he received a b.s. degree in wildlife ecology with a fisheries management option in 1988 from oklahoma state university.  after graduation, casey worked for the university of missouri as a research analyst in the production of tilapia (a warm water african fish species) in recirculating aquaculture systems.  from there, casey went on to work at solar aquafarms in california, raising tilapia commercially for the food fish industry.
since coming to aquatic control in march of 1995, casey has worked in every facet of lake management with the company.  he is a certified aquatic applicator and has experience treating lakes and ponds for nuisance aquatic weed and algae growth.  casey is a factory trained fountain technician and performs installation, service, and repair work on the floating fountains sold and serviced by aquatic control.  as a padi certified open water scuba diver, casey performs many of the tasks that require underwater work, including the installation of artificial reefs, block net installation and repair, and occasional fountain work.  fish population surveys using electrofishing gear are also part of casey's job description, including data analysis and the writing of reports.  in november of 1999 casey was promoted to manager of the aeration services section of aquatic control, inc.  as manger, casey was responsible for aeration sales, service, and personnel.  casey was named vice president of aeration services in november of 2000.
mr. reed has received certification as a licensed aquatic pesticide applicator in indiana, is a member of the midwest aquatic plant management society, and has served as president of the indiana aquaculture association.









carol hayden
controller
full bio coming soon









mike whitacre
missouri office manager
mr. whitacre is the manager of the missouri office of aquatic control, inc. located in truesdale, mo.  he was born in bloomfield, ia on august 18, 1968.  mike graduated from schuyler county r-1 high school in northeast missouri in 1987.  after spending four years in the army as a military intelligence specialist, and russian linguist, mike graduated from the university of missouri in 1998 with a bachelors of science degree in fisheries and wildlife.
during his studies at the university of missouri, mike was employed by the missouri department of conservation as a fisheries aid, assisting district fisheries biologists with various fish management activities including nuisance vegetation management on rivers, streams, lakes, and ponds.
following graduation, mike worked as a fisheries technician, both in the field and lab environments.  in this position, he assisted graduate and post graduate students with project designs and implementation.  he was involved with fish collecting activities and lab monitoring for temperature related metabolism studies on crappie, small mouth bass, and bluegill.  he also performed duties of collecting and processing, aquatic invertebrate samples for bio-monitoring studies on various rivers and streams in southwest missouri.
mike was employed by aquatic control, inc. in june of 1999.  his primary responsibilities included establishing a branch office of aquatic control, inc. in missouri and to build and service a customer base from that office.  from the missouri office, mike is involved with customer relations, aquatic vegetation project design and implementation, fountain sales, installation, and service, and office personnel management.
mike is a member of the missouri chapter of the american fisheries society (moafs), and a member of the midwest aquatic plant management society.  mike is a certified and licensed aquatic pesticide applicator in missouri, illinois, and kansas.









patrick whitson
fountain & aeration sales supervisor
mr. whitson is currently in his 10th year of employment with aquatic control, inc. he was born june 7th, 1985 in columbus, in. patrick graduated from seymour high school in 2003 with academic honors. he then attended purdue university in west lafayette, in, where, in the spring of 2008, he received a bachelor of science degree in wildlife science with a specialization in habitat management. he also received a minor in fisheries and aquatic sciences.
while attending purdue university, mr. whitson completed research focused on environmental improvement of the wabash river watershed in tippecanoe county, in. also while attending purdue, patrick interned as a biologist, with the u.s. fish and wildlife service at muscatatuck national wildlife refuge. there, he gained valuable knowledge and experience in management activities including public relations, water quality testing, and electro-fishing surveys.
following his time at purdue, mr. whitson immediately began internship work with aquatic control, inc., seymour office. during this time he completed survey work including; hydrilla (hydrilla verticallata) tuber studies, eurasian watermilfoil (myriophyllum spicatum) root crown sampling, as well as plant species and percent composition studies on numerous indiana lakes. he spent time as a chemical applicator assistant and completed other duties including chemical delivery, chemical application notification, and progressive maintenance of field equipment.
aquatic control, inc. employed mr. whitson full-time as an aquatic biologist based out of the valparaiso, in office location in august 2008. his responsibilities in the position included all aspects of aquatic vegetation management, a leadership role in the installation and maintenance of fountains and aerators, and public relations.
in january, 2014, mr. whitson was promoted to the evansville, in office manager position. the position demanded that patrick take the lead role in management of office staff, facility, and operations within the evansville office location’s service area. patrick was up to the task. the evansville office saw good growth under patrick’s time as manager. he took a hands on approach to management, being actively involved in providing field services within the tri-state area and always took great pride in delivering top quality service to aquatic control clientele.
mr. whitson will be taking on yet another key position with aquatic control in spring 2019. he will transfer from the evansville office to the seymour office location with a new title of fountain and aeration sales supervisor. the position will be focused on all aspects of fountain and aerations sales including inter-office manager support, dealer support, and direct customer sales and support.
mr. whitson is currently a licensed aquatic applicator in the states of indiana, illinois, and kentucky. he is actively involved with the midwest aquatic plant management society. during his time with aquatic control, he has had involvement with the indiana lakes management society and the indiana chapter of american fisheries society. he hopes his company and societal involvement will translate into continued growth for the company and its efforts to improve mid-western aquatic resources.









steve lee
northern indiana office manager
mr. lee is the manager of aquatic control’s valparaiso, indiana office. he was born in ionia, michigan in 1961. steve graduated from grand ledge high school in 1979 and then attended kalamazoo valley community college. he graduated from specs howard school of media arts in southfield, michigan.
following graduation, mr. lee spent the next 15 years in the broadcasting industry as an air personality and program director. he worked at various radio stations throughout michigan, indiana and ohio, and was a member of the country music association. following his radio career, he worked for onkyo america, a japanese audio speaker manufacturer. there he worked in the warehouse, and on the assembly line building speakers for the auto industry.
mr. lee joined the staff of aquatic control in april of 2001. he quickly became involved in aquatic vegetation management in northeast indianapolis area as well as muncie, marion and richmond. he was also heavily involved in dot/hazmat compliance, contract proposals, lake management consulting, electrofishing surveys and installation of fountains, and aeration systems. mr. lee was promoted to the manager of the valparaiso, in office in january 2007.  besides managing the operation of this office, he also continues to work in the field providing services to our valued clients in northern indiana.
mr. lee is a member of the midwest aquatic plant management society and the indiana lake management society.  he is a certified and licensed aquatic applicator in indiana, illinois and michigan.









adam charlton
kentucky office manager
mr. charlton is the kentucky office manager for aquatic control inc. in elizabethtown, kentucky. he was born and raised on a farm outside of centerville, in.  he graduated valedictorian of his class at lincoln high school in 2002 in cambridge city, in.  adam received a bachelor of science degree in fisheries and aquatic sciences with a 4.0/4.0 cumulative gpa from purdue university in may 2006.
while attending purdue he worked on several graduate research projects including mosquitofish behavioral studies in indiana, lake whitefish recruitment and survival in lake michigan, and lake sturgeon rehabilitation in wisconsin. after graduation he was employed as a fisheries biologist ii with the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission’s eustis freshwater fisheries research lab in eustis, fl.  adam researched fish population trends across the entire state of florida using electrofishing boats, gill nets, and throw traps.  in march 2008, he accepted a supervisory position at the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission’s northeast regional office in ocala, fl.  as a fisheries biologist ii with the division of freshwater fisheries management, adam supervised two positions, sampled and evaluated sportfish populations across a 12 county region, evaluated fishing regulations, held public meetings/events, and assisted in the creation of a new 14,000 acre reservoir.
mr. charlton began his career with aquatic control in the summer of 2009, where he was hired as an aquatic biologist in the valparaiso, in office.  in 2011, he was appointed manager of the newly opened kentucky office, servicing clients in all of kentucky and tennessee.  adam is now responsible for all aquatic control operations in kentucky and the eastern half of tennessee. his duties include: business/operations management, aquatic plant management, sales/installation/maintenance of fountains and aeration systems, chemical sales, professional consultation, and assisting pond and lake owners with aquatic issues.  he is a certified and licensed aquatic pesticide applicator in kentucky, tennessee, and indiana. he is a member of the society of lake management professionals, kentucky chapter of the american fisheries society, midwest aquatic plant management society, and is currently serving on the board of directors for the midsouth aquatic plant management society.









cody bragg
tennessee office manager
cody bragg is the office manager at aquatic control inc., memphis, tn. cody is from warsaw, indiana, and graduated from warsaw community high school in 2011. after high school, cody attended purdue university where he received a b.s. degree in fisheries and aquatic sciences. between semesters at purdue, he worked with the indiana dnr as a fisheries biologist aide. while working for the state, he worked on many projects which included: aquatic vegetation sampling, electrofishing surveys, building bathymetric maps, estimating age and growth rates for numerous fish species, and performing creel surveys for a percid stocking assessment.
after graduation, cody immediately started working for aquatic control at the southwest indiana office. his responsibilities with the southwest office included aquatic vegetation management, fountain and aeration installation/maintenance, and assisting with electrofishing surveys. in january of 2017, cody was promoted to his current position as manager of the memphis, tn office. the position includes growing and advertising the office, along with handling all aspects associated with new clientele.
mr. bragg has been actively involved with the midwest aquatic plant management society, midsouth plant management society, and society of lake management professionals. he is also a licensed applicator in the states of indiana, kentucky, tennessee, arkansas, and mississippi.









mike johnson
equipment supervisor
mr. johnson began employment with aquatic control inc. on a part-time basis in june 1986.  during his high school years he worked for aquatic control during the summer seasons in various capacities including equipment cleaning and maintenance, ups shipping, warehouse cleaning, and assisting biologists with their activities.
in april of 1989, mike began full time employment with the company and was assigned as an assistant to a certified aquatic applicator.  he worked primarily in the indianapolis area with this applicator.  he also assisted other applicators on large lake application work as needed.  in 1989 mike completed the required courses of study and passed the required exams to attain his indiana certification in category 5 (aquatic) and was licensed as a professional applicator.  mike then accepted the responsibility for the field application work for our indianapolis area, which he continued to service until 1999.
in addition to his primary job of aquatic applicator he has been involved in the many phases of lake management.  he has assisted with fish population surveys, fish eradication, restocking, and habitat improvement programs.
in 1999 mr. johnson was promoted to equipment manager and oversees all application equipment design, construction, and fleet maintenance.  mike also supervises personnel on large lake applications.  he modifies and custom builds specialized pieces of equipment for use in our business.  mr. johnson provides training for summer interns and new employees in the proper operation and maintenance of equipment.
mike is an active member of the midwest aquatic plant management society and attends training sessions and annual conferences of this organization to keep up to date on developments in the aquatic vegetation management field.  he holds aquatic applicator licenses in the states of indiana, kentucky, ohio, and missouri.  mr. johnson is a ymca certified open water scuba diver.









brian isaacs
chemical sales & marketing supervisor
mr. isaacs began working part time at aquatic control in 1988.  he has worked in aquatic vegetation management, fish population management, fountain and aeration installation and maintenance, fish stocking and various other projects.
in 1995 brian accepted a full time job at aquatic control, inc.    he had worked summers at the hatchery during school and learned the various aspects of the hatchery production facility.  he assumed the position of hatchery manager at aquatic control’s 50-acre game fish hatchery.  as the manager of the fish hatchery, brian was responsible for all operations involved with the production and distribution of fresh water game fish.  brian spawned smallmouth bass, channel catfish and albino channel catfish outdoors to allow for harvesting of eggs and indoor hatching.  other species of fish including bluegill, redear sunfish, hybrid sunfish, largemouth bass and fathead minnows were also spawned to maintain supply for filling orders.  brian was responsible for organizing daily activity schedules for 2-3 employees.  these jobs included the harvesting of fish, counting and sorting fish, monitoring indoor holding tanks, feeding of fish, and disease prevention.  as manger he also arranged for the distribution of these fish to fill orders.  orders were filled by customer pick up as well as delivery by aquatic control personnel.  as a licensed applicator in the state of indiana, brian was also responsible for managing the aquatic vegetation growth in the 44 outdoor rearing ponds.  this included plant identification and management planning and execution.
brian has also been responsible for creating maps for the lare program, aiding and assisting in the mapping of large lake treatments, and developing and training of others at aquatic control on the computer generation of lake maps and interfacing gps data on these maps.
in 2005 aquatic control asked brian to accept a new role.  he moved into a position as sales associate.  as training, he assisted the lake management section of the business for one season to gain knowledge in how to manage ponds on a contract basis.  in his sales role, he began servicing some of aquatic control’s retail chemical sales accounts.  in 2010, brian became sales & marketing specialist and began to take over roles of managing the website, creating blogs, development of the catalog, and generation of newsletters.  he is responsible for responding to online treatment request forms on a daily basis and assisting with walk in customers in product selection and lake management advice at aquatic control’s home office.  since 2012, brian has been actively developing sales leads and maintaining these along with existing accounts.
on january 17, 2017, brian was promoted to supervisor, chemical sales & marketing.  in this new role, brian will continue many of his past roles and take on more responsibility for managing the development of new sales accounts, support existing accounts, be responsible for distribution of sales programs, and oversee completion of many of the sales and marketing efforts of aquatic control, inc.
as part of brian’s professional career he has been involved in the indiana aquaculture association as a member and a board member, indiana chapter of american fisheries society, the iaa representative to north central regional aquaculture, indiana lake management society, illinois lake management association, midwest aquatic plant management society as well as the parent aquatic plant management society.  in his time away from work he enjoys spending time with his wife, jennifer, and 3 kids.  they stay busy attending sporting events, camping and traveling with family and friends.  brian enjoys spending time outdoors hunting with his kids.









brendan hastie
aquatic biologist
brendan hastie is an aquatic biologist at aquatic control, inc.  he was born in waukegan, il.  he graduated from upper arlington high school, oh in 1993.  in december of 1998, he received a bs degree in natural resources, water option from the ohio state university.  brendan has been employed with aquatic control since 1998.
while attending the ohio state university, brendan participated in a lake erie area wetland seed bank study.  his responsibilities included daily maintenance of the project, field collection, plant identification, and data collection.
aquatic control, inc. employed brendan in 1998.  his responsibilities include aquatic plant management, lake management consulting, fisheries surveys, and aquatic plant surveys.  in 2003, he was assigned to the position of office manager and field applicator at the valparaiso, in satellite office.  brendan was reassigned to a full time biologist position at the seymour, in office in february of 2007. he also assists with aeration and fountain maintenance, installation, and repair.  mr. hastie has presented talks regarding lake management and aeration at many clinics, lake owner association meetings, and trade meetings.
brendan is a member of the indiana chapter of the american fisheries society, indiana lake management society, and the midwest aquatic plant management society.  brendan hastie is a licensed aquatic applicator in the states of illinois, indiana, kentucky, michigan, tennessee, and ohio.  he is also a certified padi open water scuba diver.









kalee alberring
customer sales specialist
kalee began her employment with rust companies, llc / aquatic control, inc. in march of 1999 in customer service. her primary duties at that time were answering customer calls, processing orders and assisting walk in customers.
in 2005 kalee moved to the sales office and starting working in her position as a customer sales specialist. in her sales position she is responsible for answering customer sales questions regarding the proper chemical recommendation for the specific plant or weed problem the customer is experiencing, chemical application and rates. she provides sales assistance for orders placed over the phone, on the aquatic control website and for walk in customers. she is also responsible for daily shipments of phone and website orders and for larger truck shipments for wholesale customers.









mike essex
aeration technician
michael was born in columbus, in. he graduated from columbus north high school in 1980 and went on to attend purdue university and vincennes university until he began working for his family’s business in 1984.
while working for the family business michael was responsible for many aspects of manufacturing. in 1990 michael was named vp of manufacturing. he was responsible for daily operations, manufacturing, research and development, and personnel. in 1997, the family sold their business and michael and his brother started a machine shop in 1998. michael was responsible for manufacturing, sales, and personnel. in 2000 this business was sold.
in 2000 michael and his wife purchased national aquatics in louisville, ky. national aquatics was acquired by aquatic control, inc in 2001 and michael was named manager of the kentucky operation which he ran from 2001 to 2010. when the kentucky satellite office opened in elizabethtown, ky michael transitioned full time into the seymour office aeration department. his responsibilities include fountain and aeration installation and field maintenance.
michael is an active member of the midwest aquatic plant management society and annually attends training sessions and conferences. michael is a factory trained repair technician for otterbine, aquamaster, and kasco aeration equipment.  he also is a past board member of the indiana cast metals association and board member of harrison lake country club.









barbie huber
lake management account specialist
barbie huber was born in seymour, indiana on may 23, 1970 and has resided in jackson county her entire life.  all of her primary and secondary education was obtained through brownstown central school corporation.  after graduating in 1988, barbie continued her education at milligan college in johnson city, tennessee.
barbie began her employment with the indiana department of transportation as a summer employee while in college, and continued there full time.  she then accepted a position with dura automotive, where she was responsible for inventory/production control.  barbie then had the honor to be elected clerk-treasurer for the town of brownstown.  she was responsible for all town financial matters, payroll, employee supervision, and secretary to the town board.
in february 2001, barbie began her career with rust companies, llc / aquatic control, inc. as a customer service representative.  she has since been promoted to account services specialist.  her responsibilities in this roll include answering customer calls and concerns, making chemical recommendations to customers, maintaining records of lake treatments, creating routes for lake management, billing all proposals, inventory, renewing business and applicator licenses, writing and editing articles and reports, mailings, and assisting all applicators and managers when needed.
she and her husband, scott, live in brownstown, in, where they are active members of brownstown christian church.  they have 3 children, ben, maddie, & sam.  they enjoy hunting, fishing, and spending time with family and friends.  barbie is a licensed aquatic applicator in indiana.









leah essex
ceo / owner
mrs. essex is chief executive officer of aquatic control inc. she completed her primary education at immanuel lutheran school and graduated from seymour high school in 1979. she attended indiana university in bloomington in, 1979-1983 where she was a member of the alpha chi omega sorority. leah first acquired ownership in aquatic control in 1987.
over the years mrs. essex has been involved in many different areas of the rust family businesses including advertising/promotion director, group sales coordinator for the family owned park, and office manager for the rust companies. she also was a real estate sales person and developer.
in 1995 leah acquired majority ownership of aquatic control and was made secretary of the corporation. in 2004 she was elected chairperson of the board and chief executive officer. aquatic control has been certified by the indiana department of administration of minority and women’s business enterprises division as a woman-owned business enterprise (wbe).
leah, her husband mike, and their daughters, adria and kylah reside on grandview lake in columbus indiana, where she served on the board of directors from 2006-2008. she is a member of the national aquatic plant management society, the midwest aquatic plant management society and aquatic ecosystem restoration foundation. leah is a member of st. peter lutheran church. she plays the harp, golf, and tennis, and enjoys many lake activities.









chris jordan
aquatic applicator
chris jordan graduated from seymour high school in 1985.  he worked at lear siegler from 1998 to 2004 where he was the warehouse and assembly assistant supervisor over production.  he also worked in landscape and construction during this time.  chris was hired at aquatic control in 2004.  his primary responsibility is vegetation management in southern and central indiana.  chris also assists with fish surveys, fountains, and equipment maintenance.  chris lives in seymour and has two children; abby and katy.









nate eddy
aquatic applicator
nate eddy was born in seymour, in on july 9, 1983. he attended immanuel lutheran school until the 9th grade when he started his high school education at seymour high school. after graduation nate went on to the university of southern indiana (a.k.a. usi) in evansville, in where he studied radiologic technology and health services for 5 years. while attending usi nate was also involved in various projects in the music department earning him a small scholarship for his involvement helping to further develop the pep band program.
nate worked as a summer intern for aquatic control through college. his duties as an intern included; applicator assistant, fish hatchery work, fish survey assistance, chemical delivery, large lake treatment assistance and various other duties.
in 2006, nate was hired on full time at aquatic control as an aquatic applicator. he currently manages most of the ponds and lakes throughout indianapolis and surrounding towns with work ranging from small, private contracts to commercial/industrial and state contracts. nate also plays a role in our fountain/aeration department and various other special projects from time to time.
nate is an active member of the midwest aquatic plant management society and attends training sessions and annual conferences of this organization to keep up to date on developments in the aquatic vegetation management field. he holds aquatic applicator licenses in the states of indiana, kentucky, illinois and arkansas.









jimmy ferguson
seymour pond maintenance supervisor
mr. ferguson is the pond maintenance supervisor for aquatic control, inc., seymour, in.  in 2001, he received a b.s. degree in natural resources and environmental management from ball state university.  following graduation, james spent two years working at walmart distribution center in seymour, in. then he spent 2003-2005 as a naturalist aide for the indiana department of natural resources, division of fish and wildlife. as a naturalist aide, he assisted in fisheries surveys on lakes, ponds, and rivers.  he also assisted in aquatic vegetation management.
james was employed by aquatic control, inc. in march, 2006, working at the missouri office. in 2008, james was transferred to the seymour office.  in january of 2017, james was promoted to seymour office pond maintenance supervisor.  as of today, his primary responsibilities include managing pond treatments/inspections, creating treatment instructions, proposal/contract creation, and employee supervision and review.
mr. ferguson is a member of the indiana chapter of the american fisheries society, and the midwest aquatic plant management society.  james is a certified and licensed aquatic pesticide applicator in indiana and illinois.









joe day
aquatic biologist
joe day is an aquatic biologist for aquatic control, inc. he was born in saint louis mo, in september 1985. he completed his high school education at lafayette high school in 2004.  he then went on to attend missouri state university where he earned a bachelor’s of science degree in wildlife conservation biology.
joe worked for three years with the missouri department of conservation primarily at busch wildlife area.  while at busch, he was active in many aspects of lake and pond management.  he was instrumental in fish population studies in area lakes, ponds, rivers and streams. he was active in establishing beneficial aquatic vegetation stands in area lakes / ponds and in controlling nuisance levels of vegetation when necessary.  he was active in establishing nursery beds and other fish attracting structures in area lakes.  he was also heavily involved in a flathead/blue catfish survey project performed on the mississippi river designed to study the gravidity of catfish as related to maturity, size, age and concentration of various pollutants within tissue samples.
joe was hired at aquatic control in the missouri branch in march 2010 where he works as a licensed applicator/biologist. his duties include aquatic vegetation management and installing/ maintaining aeration systems. he enjoys spending his free time hunting, fishing and being outdoors.









mark sharp
sales associate
full bio coming soon









lisa hamilton
aeration customer service
lisa hamilton was born in seymour, in and has lived in indiana her entire life.  she graduated from brownstown central high school.
mrs. hamilton lived a couple of years in indianapolis right after high school, where she worked as a florist.  mrs. hamilton then moved on to work in the billing department at aie insurance co. home office for a year.  she then moved back to jackson county and was a stay at home mom for a few years to her sons, kaleb and kegan.  mrs. hamilton then returned to the insurance industry and developed her career as an insurance agent; working for burnside insurance for 10 years and later john moore insurance for 6 years.  mrs. hamilton then switched gears a little and worked for brownstown electric supply co for the next 9 years as the accounts receivable clerk.
in october 2013, lisa began her career with aquatic control as accounts payable analyst & aeration customer service representative.  lisa’s aeration department duties will include assisting customers with fountain and aeration parts orders, warranty claim processing, price list development, literature distribution, and new equipment selection.  as part of her accounts payable duties, lisa will receive all vendor invoices, packing slips, credit card receipts, and other purchasing documentation.  she will process vendor payments in our accounting system and correspond with vendors concerning any discrepancies.
lisa currently lives in freetown, in with her husband denny.  they very much enjoy spending time with family; especially their sons and daughters-in-law, kaleb & lindsey, kegan & erin, and their granddaughter, norah.









jacob cowherd
aquatic biologist
jacob cowherd began his employment with aquatic control, inc. on march 11, 2013.  he grew up in west central missouri, and graduated from lafayette county high school in  2006.  in may of 2010, jacob graduated from missouri state university in springfield, missouri and received a bachelor of science in wildlife conservation and management and a minor in agronomy.
during his college years, jacob had the opportunity to gain experience in aquatic resource management through working with the missouri department of conservation on various fisheries management projects.  he worked with fisheries biologists on an assortment of river, stream, and impoundment fish sampling studies.  he was also involved with habitat improvement and water quality monitoring projects. when school and work schedules allowed, jacob took advantage of the many outstanding fishing opportunities provided by southwest missouri and honed his angling skills.
following his college career, jacob took employment with the missouri department of conservation as a resource assistant at the montauk hatchery near salem, missouri and later at the chesapeake hatchery in mt. vernon, missouri.  during his time working in missouri hatcheries, jacob held many responsibilities necessary in providing for the smooth operation of these facilities and ensuring production of a variety of fish species including: trout, walleye, largemouth bass, bluegill, hybrid sunfish, grass carp, and channel catfish.  in order to help the hatcheries meet fish production requirements, jacob was involved with the processes involved in fish health and development from spawn to stocking.
jacob's duties with aquatic control include aquatic plant management, installation and maintenance of fountains and aeration systems, assisting in electrofishing surveys, and assisting pond and lake owners with fisheries related issues.









cody sunby
aquatic biologist
in may 2010, cody earned his associates of arts in general agriculture from crowder college.  mr. sunby continued his education at missouri state university and in december 2012 he completed his bachelors of science in wildlife conservation and management.
mr. sunby worked with the missouri department of conservation (mdc), fisheries division as a conservation assistant from may 2011 until he began working with aquatic control.  while working with the mdc mr. sunby spent a lot of time performing fish population sampling using seines, trap nets, hoop nets, and electrofishing equipment.  once the data was collected he was also involved in data entry.  mr. sunby also performed habitat surveys in various streams and habitat improvements in stockton and table rock lakes.  in addition to typical fish population sampling and habitat improvements, mr. sunby also performed mercury testing on largemouth bass.  finally, his duties were rounded out at the mdc by doing regulatory equipment maintenance and participating in a goose banding project at lake taneycomo.
as an outdoor enthusiast, mr. sunby has also served as a mdc hunter education instructor, national muzzle loading rifle instructor, as well as a member of several conservation programs and wildlife and waterfowl chapters.  mr. sunby loves the outdoors and enjoys hunting, fishing, and spending as much time as possible outdoors during his free time.
mr. sunby began his work with aquatic control in april of 2013.  initially he worked in the headquarters office in seymour in, and then moved to help open the new evansville in office when it was purchased from big creek aquatics.  cody worked in the evansville office for 2 years and was instrumental in the initial stages of getting that office up and running.
mr. sunby left aquatic control in october of 2015 to be with his fiancé and start their lives together back in springfield missouri.  during this time, cody became an insurance agent and later took on work in home construction.  in september of 2017, cody and his wife took an opportunity to move to st. louis, mo.  cody accepted a position with the missouri office of aquatic control and began work on september 11, 2017.









isaiah robbins
shipping and receiving specialist
isaiah robbins graduated from salem high school in 1998, then went on to earn an associate’s degree from vincennes university in 2000.  he then completed one additional year of studies at the university of southern indiana with a focus on mechanical engineering.
isaiah grew up on a family farm and was a 10 year 4-h member.  after finishing school he went to work for an agriculture equipment dealership, where he was a technician for several years.  with a desire to travel and see more of the country, isaiah found work as a subcontractor for cable tv and other utility companies.  he traveled across the us to survey and make maps of these cable systems designs.
isaiah now has a home in rural washington county.  he enjoys walking around looking for owls, flying squirrels, and bobcats.  likes to sit there and look at trees a lot too.
isaiah was hired by aquatic control in march of 2014.  he began working as an aquatic applicator where he maintained ponds and lakes across 4 treatment routes.  he is now responsible for shipping and receiving from our seymour warehouse, where we supply all our customers and satellite offices with chemicals needed to keep everyone’s ponds and lakes clean and enjoyable.









bryan coley
database and systems administrator
bryan grew up on a family farm just outside of elizabethtown, ky. he attended central hardin high school in cecilia, ky where he graduated with academic honors in 1999. he then went on to continue his education at the university of louisville and elizabethtown community college where he studied both computer information systems and business administration, graduating with an associates degree.
bryan’s career path then led him to pharmaceuticals, where he accepted a supervisor position with omnicare, inc. in their specialty pharmacy division. there he controlled and managed inventory for 36 pharmaceutical programs that included many patient assistant programs, commercial fill programs, dose modification programs, and clinical trials. bryan was also responsible for working with representatives from multiple drug manufacturers to ensure proper storage of their product, ordering, usage reports, inventory reports, and audits.  while there, bryan also played a key role in launching new programs, managing workstations and implementing standard operating procedures on new and existing programs.
mr. coley was employed by aquatic control in april 2015.  in january of 2019 he was promoted to database and systems administrator.  bryan’s database administration duties include, user administration and support, developing and maintaining the database erd(entity relationship diagram), database application development, data back-up and recovery, security, and system upgrades.  his systems administrator duties include network administration and internal tech support, network monitoring, data back-up/recovery, and system security.
bryan is a member of the midwest aquatic plant management society, and is also a factory-certified warranty repair specialist with otterbine barebo, inc.  he is also a certified and licensed aquatic pesticide applicator in kentucky and tennessee









jarred keller
southwest indiana office manager
jarred keller is the manager of the southwest indiana office of aquatic control, inc. located in evansville, indiana. he was born in jasper, indiana and lived on a small farm in dubois county. jarred graduated from northeast dubois high school in 2010 with both academic and technical honors.  he then attended purdue university until 2015 where he received both his bachelor of science in forestry and bachelor of science in wildlife degrees. he minored in fisheries and aquatic sciences, received his private pilot’s license for vfr flight, and was an active member of phi sigma theta honor society. while at purdue, jarred was also employed by the university as a teaching assistant of dendrology. after graduation, he worked with the indiana department of natural resources as a naturalist aide at patoka lake, near birdseye, indiana developing and implementing nature-themed programs for the public, school groups, and special events. he also worked closely with captive, non-releasable native wildlife such as a bald eagle and eastern screech owl as well as various mammals, fish, reptiles, and amphibians.
jarred began working with aquatic control, inc. in september of 2015 as an aquatic biologist. his duties entailed many aspects of lake management, such as aquatic vegetation management, the installation and maintenance of aeration equipment, participation in electrofishing surveys, and general customer/client relations. in january of 2018, jarred was promoted to the office manager position at the southwest indiana office.
jarred has been active with the indiana chapter of the american fisheries society as well as the midwest aquatic plant management society. he is a certified aquatic pesticide applicator in indiana, illinois, and kentucky. in his free time, jarred enjoys spending quality time with his wife and son. he also enjoys outdoor activities such as hunting, fishing, hiking, camping, four-wheeling, and boating.









brandon henderson
aeration technician
brandon henderson started with aquatic control may 2, 2016, at the seymour location in the fountain/aeration department. brandon was born in sacramento, california. his parents moved back to indiana when he was in grade school. brandon went to seymour high school and his previous work history includes cook pharmica formulation, kremers urban coating, and toyota industries.
brandon is married with 3 children ages 14,11, and 10 and he lives just a few miles from aquatic control.  brandon enjoys the outdoors, kayaking, hunting, fishing and bow shooting. he is a huge sports fan and his favorite teams are the atlanta braves, the atlanta falcons, and iu.  brandon claims that his love for iu and the atlanta falcons was in place prior to his employment under casey reed, but we are still determining if that is the case.
brandon’s responsibilities at aquatic control include installing and maintaining fountains, deliveries and assembling fountains in the shop.  we are very happy to have brandon join the aquatic control staff and look forward to his growth with the company.









nathan scholar
aquatic biologist
nathan sholar was born and raised in the small town of fancy farm, ky. after graduating from graves county high school he attended mississippi state university where he achieved his bachelor of science in fisheries and wildlife management. while attending msu he joined the beat tau chapter of alpha gamma rho fraternity. in 2009, he became vice noble ruler of recruitment for the fraternity. after graduating in 2013, nathan moved back home where he began work at providence agriculture inc. he specialized in seed treatment and fertilizer.  in his spare time, nathan enjoys fishing and hunting deer, turkey, and waterfowl.  nathan began working for aquatic control inc. southwest indiana office on june 6th 2016 as an aquatic biologist and will be using his knowledge to assist in aquatic plant management, management of ponds & lakes, installation of fountains/aerators, and fish surveys









tim holt
illinois office manager
tim holt was born on september 5, 1983 and was raised in silverdale, washington on the puget sound. he graduated from central kitsap high school in 2002, after high school he began working in construction, landscaping, sales, and operated a painting business in phoenix, arizona.
on the pursuit for more fulfilling work, tim decided to join americorps where he worked as an environmental educator and camp counselor working with youth at risk in little rock, arkansas. during his term in americorps he found his passion of working in the outdoors and decided to pursue a degree at tennessee state university in nashville, tennessee. at tennessee state university tim was a member of the honor society and upheld a 4.0 gpa. after two years he transferred to indiana university where he graduated magna cum laude with a b.s. degree in outdoor recreation, parks, and human ecology and minor in history.
while earning his degree tim worked with the indiana department of natural resources on lake monroe and also had the opportunity to intern with the bloomington parks and recreation. as an intern he joined the natural resources team to help develop new pesticide management policies, worked with volunteers to build trails, and managed invasive species. during his collegiate tenure, he spent his summers as a water ski and wakeboard instructor on lake winnipesauke near moultonborough, nh. after graduation tim worked at muscatatuck national wildlife refuge as a maintenance intern, striving to enhance pollinator habitat, learning about water management practices, and maintaining heavy equipment.
tim joined aquatic control in 2016 as a certified and licensed aquatic pesticide applicator in indiana and illinois. were his duties at aquatic control include aquatic plant management, participating in fish surveys, equipment maintenance, and installing and removing fountains and aerators.
in august of 2018 tim accepted a new role within aquatic control as office manager of the new location in canton, illinois. he will open the new office in january 2019 and continue to dedicate his time to providing exceptional customer service in lake management and aeration services. besides managing the illinois office, tim is also a member of the midwest aquatic plant management society and the illinois lake management association.  he regularly attends training sessions and annual conferences to keep up to date on advances in the aquatic vegetation management field.




 

















































