



expository sermons and worship resources 









expository sermons and worship resources
by coty pinckney




preaching resources

worship resources

sermons

bible studies 

preaching quotes





 




search the site

join email list

recommended sites

reciprocal links

book reviews

perspectives








desiring god community church
. coty planted and now serves as one of the pastors and elders of this
church in charlotte, nc, associated with john piper's church in minneapolis.
dgcc began public meetings in september, 2003, and is devoted to expositional
preaching. see also the pastors’ blog. 
recent changes
5/6/09 – the scripture index is now
up to date. here is a list of the sermons preached this year through 5/3/09 in
the most recent series on acts. these days, it is most efficient to subscribe
to the rss feed at the dgcc blog and media page to receive notice of files as
they are uploaded. 
acts 8, spreading a passion in 2009
(preached 1/4/09): text, audio (10mb mp3) 
acts 9:1-31, god's mercy on the chief of sinners
(preached 1/11/09): text, audio (10mb mp3) 
acts 9:32-11:18, part 1, god's mercy on us
gentiles (preached 1/18/09): text, audio (10mb mp3) 
acts 10:1-11:18, part 2, who can be saved?
(preached 1/25/09): text, audio (10mb mp3) 
acts 12, do you trust god? (preached
2/8/09): text, audio
(10mb mp3) 
acts 11:19-30 and 13:1-12 who will go?
(preached 2/15/09): text, audio (10mb mp3) 
acts 13:13-52, thrusting aside the word of god
(preached 2/22/09): text,
audio (10mb mp3)

acts 14, through many tribulations we must enter
the kingdom of god (preached 3/1/09): text,
audio (10mb mp3)

acts 15, part 1, should other believers look
like me? culture and the gospel (preached 3/15/09): text, audio (10mb mp3) 
acts 15, part 2, forbearing with one another for
the glory of god (preached 3/22/09): text, audio (10mb mp3) 
acts 15:36-16:15, closed doors and open
hearts (preached 3/29/09): text, audio (10mb mp3) 
acts 16:16-40, suffering and salvation
(preached 4/5/09): text, audio (10mb mp3) 
acts 17:1-3, jesus must rise from the dead
(preached 4/12/09): text, audio (10mb mp3) 
acts 17, reaching the unreached (preached
5/3/09): text, audio
(10mb mp3) 



sermons

scripture index to
sermons (individual sermons are no longer
listed on this page. use the scripture index instead; the most current series
is on acts). 
audio sermons
at desiring god community church: all sermons recorded at the church since
april 2007 (and some earlier) are linked through this web page. normally
updated within two days. 
desiring god
community church blog: written versions of sermons are now posted here. 
return to top




expository preaching
resources
powerful expository preaching
series, by ray stedman
part 1: the glory of
preaching
part 2: preparation of
expository sermons
part 3: the
accountability of the preacher
ray delivered these
talks at the first congress on the bible, held in 1982 in san diego. i've
transcribed them (with virtually no editing) from pbc tapes; realaudio files
are available at the raystedman.org. invaluable advice from one of the best expository
preachers. 
in these talks ray recommends two books on
expository preaching: preaching
and preachers by martyn lloyd-jones and between
two worlds: the art of preaching in the twentieth century by john stott
(originally entitled i believe in preaching). to these two fine books i
would add my recommendation for john piper's the
supremacy of god in preaching. order any of these through amazon by
clicking on the link.
i also highly recommend john piper's mullins
lectures on preaching at southern baptist theological seminary, september 14 to
16, 1999. two of his three talks are available as mp3 files at the sbts
website: "why does
preaching have such a prominent place in worship" and "a zeal that accords
with knowledge." 
an email list to encourage expository preaching:
expositor's quote of the week. follow this link to
join the list, or to read inspiring and challenging quotes on preaching from
the likes of martyn lloyd-jones, john stott, charles spurgeon, ray stedman,
john owen, and john piper.
return to top
 



worship resources
unusual christmas
carols and hymns. 
a sample christmas
eve program. 
recommended
christmas stories (with excerpts), for children and adults.
george macdonald's classic christmas story the gifts of the child christ, in its entirety.
a responsive prayer for
the christmas season
john piper's advent poems.
piper composes four poems each advent season, and reads them during services.
most are biblical stories, expanded and set to verse. more than 70 are now
available. these are moving poems, biblically sound and theologically deep. "the
innkeeper" is my favorite. this poem is also available in book
form, and makes an attractive gift. 
expository
christmas sermons: links to more than 50 sermons by charles spurgeon,
ray stedman, john piper, john macarthur, and others. 
expository easter
sermons, links to more than 70 easter, good friday, and maundy thursday
messages by charles spurgeon, john piper, martin luther, ray stedman, and
others. 
a good friday order
of service
john newton's poem in evil long i took delight 
john donne's poem good friday, 1613: riding westward; these two
poems are especially effective in good friday services. 
an hour of prayer: a
suggested outline to use when praying for an hour, first written for use in a
24-hour new year's prayer vigil.
return to top




bible studies
bible unity reading plan. a guide to reading
through the entire bible in one year, with most selections arranged
chronologically, in order to highlight the way all history points to the coming
of jesus christ. unlike other chronological plans, however, this guide includes
selections from both new and old testaments the entire year. access as either a
a pdf file (which requires the free acrobat
reader), or a microsoft word document 
shorter bible unity reading plan. a similar
plan which takes the reader through all of the new testament and about half of
the old testament in a year. aimed at those who have never used a regular bible
reading plan before, particularly children. this plan is also useful for family
devotions, as selections are short enough to be read aloud. available as a microsoft word document and a pdf file. 
marriage and family
teaching notes. handouts from a seminary class beth and i taught
together in cameroon, including an extensive discussion of ephesians 5:22-6:4.
this is a large (183k) microsoft word document. also available in pdf format (307k).
study guides for small groups or personal
study: 
for those who don't believe, or are new
believers: 
the message of the
bible, a brief, 6-week overview of the plan of redemption. studies include:
creation, the fall, god's promise of a deliverer, jesus and new birth, the
death of jesus, and the resurrection. 
for new believers, or those who would like a
better grounding in the basic tenets of the faith: 
life-changing doctrines: a
10-week study. 
short study questions for a low-key small
group: 
the gospel of mark, a
10-week study of the entire gospel. 
in-depth studies: 
the purifying power of living by faith in future
grace: a six-month bible study based on the book by john piper: html, word document

the pleasures of god: a
12-week study of the character of god, focusing on what gives him pleasure.
each week, participants study a passage of scripture and read a chapter from
john piper's book by this name. 
the greatest chapter in the
bible? a 12 to 16 week study of romans 8. 
study guide to
revelation. twenty-seven weekly studies covering the entire book. 
a new version of the study
guide to revelation. this version is aimed at those who know a bit of
greek, and goes into somewhat more depth than the version above. posted as a
microsoft word document containing all 27 lessons. 
truth that matters: a scripture-based introduction
to systematic theology. 
introduction
the holy spirit
the trinity
the doctrine of man:
the fall
salvation by grace
through faith
justification
sanctification
return to top



links, etc 







add
          your name to this list in order to receive
an email message containing a short sermon
          excerpt
          whenever this page is updated. 



















preaching resources

worship resources

sermons

bible studies 

preaching quotes





 




search the
        site

join email list

recommended sites

reciprocal links

book reviews








send meyour
comments or questions. i will try to respond as time allows.
(return to home
page)
 



