



fastgraph home page - ted gruber software, inc.










































            programmer's graphics library














welcome to the fastgraph home page, brought to you by
ted gruber software, inc.

fastgraph is a programmer's graphics library featuring a comprehensive suite of
more than 300 functions for tasks such as 2d and 3d graphics, color and palette
management, bitmap display and manipulation, image files, and much more. it is
easy to use, small, quick, well-documented, and compatible with most compilers
and other programming toolkits. versions are available for windows, windows ce,
and dos. fastgraph makes graphics programming easy!

you can try fastgraph for yourself. download the fastgraph/light
evaluation version for
windows or
dos from our
demos page.

please see our product catalog for more information
about the fastgraph product family, or check out the product faqs for
windows, windows ce, or
dos.
  






announcing fastgraph for windows mobile (windows ce)







at last...the power of fastgraph is available for windows mobile and windows
ce platforms, including pocket pc, handheld pc, smartphone, or any
custom-built windows mobile or windows ce platform. fastgraph ce uses
virtually the same api as fastgraph, making it possible to write applications
that support both windows desktop and ce platforms from the same set of
source code files. fastgraph ce supports embedded visual c++ (3.x and 4.x),
visual c# .net (2003 or later), and visual basic .net (2003 or later).

the fastgraph ce pocket pc edition supports any pocket pc device based
on the intel arm, xscale, or compatible processors (it also supports the pocket
pc emulators supplied with the supported compilers). this means you can use the
pocket pc edition to create executables that will run on any pocket pc 2003
device, any pocket pc 2002 device, or any intel arm-based pocket pc 2000 device.
the pocket pc edition does not include the fastgraph ce source code.

the fastgraph ce professional edition supports all windows ce devices
and platforms. for each supported compiler, it includes pre-built libraries
for each natively supported processor. the professional edition includes the
complete fastgraph ce source code, so you can create libraries for
custom ce platforms, or tailor the fastgraph code to your specific needs.
both editions include the fastgraph/fonts and fastgraph/image add-on
products.







why fastgraph?







fastgraph offers power and versatility not available in other graphics
libraries. whether you are drawing simple lines and vectors, doing bitmap
animation, or rendering complex 3d scenes, fastgraph can handle the job.

our windows and dos code is expertly written in hand-optimized assembly language.
it is thoroughly documented and virtually bug-free. fastgraph is easy to use,
thorough, powerful, and fast.

our unparalleled customer support is another reason for our high level of
customer satisfaction. for 15 years, fastgraph has been the graphics library of
choice. try it and see! you will never find an easier or more efficient way to
add graphics to your software development projects than with fastgraph.







 




 










you are visitor #

to the fastgraph home page.
free counters provided by honesty.com.













las vegas, nv




 

product catalog |
 price list |
 windows faq |
 windows ce faq |
 dos faq
demos |
 patches |
 games |
 more games |
 diana's reprints
quotes |
 links |
 contact information |
 orders
fastgraph home page 


 copyright © 2009 ted gruber software, inc. all rights reserved.
 







