









old hickory golf club | woodbridge, va - home

























































 








 home      tee times


 members     online store     (703) 580-9000

 







 



golfcourse
book tee timesgolf coursegolf ratesgolf outingsmembershipsgolf instructionclub policiesoutings& golf events
golf outingswinter series cuptnt golf leaguefeed a veteran 5knike junior golf campevents calendarweddings& occasions
weddingsspecial occasionsphoto gallerytestimonialssuper bowl cateringevents calendarcontactshop online
online storeemail specialsguest surveyemploymentmember portalcontact & directions 
















 
slide 118 holes of championship golftee timesfor our lowest rates, book online right here on our website. take the challenge  on 18 holes of upscale championship golf.
book a tee timeslide 318 holes of championship golf5-star weddingsfor your dream wedding. check us out on "the knot" & "wedding wire". our brides will convince you old hickory is the best!
reserve todayslide 518 holes of championship golfcorporate outingslooking for a corporate or charity tournament experience like no other? see how old hickory consistently exceeds expectations!
capacity up to 144 golfersslide 218 holes of championship golfthe coursean award winning layout! explore the course everyone is talking about.
learn moreslide 418 holes of championship golfmembershipan attractive & more affordable option than full private golf. exclusive privileges at our 5 sister golf clubs as well!
learn moreslide 618 holes of championship golfonline storeshop online for gift cards & more. give the gift of golf! perfect for birthdays & holidays. free shipping.
shop online 




















great golf outings

enjoy our golf digest rated 4-star championship golf course, where our staff will take care of all the details and execute your event to perfection.
read more










dream weddings

from the moment you arrive, the picturesque beauty and leisurely charm of our rolling, luscious landscaping and warm clubhouse will embrace you.
read more










golf instruction

take your physical & mental golf game to the next level. our pga certified instructors are the foremost experts in coaching & technology.
read more



























"where tradition meets modern design"
located in woodbridge, va old hickory golf club is the premier upscale golf course, wedding and banquet facility in the area. our course at old hickory golf club was designed to fit its site with great precision. the par-72, 7,190-yard championship layout is the work of architect tim freeland of jacksonville, fla., who previously worked for the design firm of golf legend gary player and also worked on the design of raspberry falls golf and hunt club, sister course to old hickory. old hickory golf club is a challenging course with lots of creeks to cross and sights to see, but it is also a course that all levels of golfers will enjoy playing. the beautiful scenery and layout is sure to impress your guests and also provide them with many memorable moments.
video: a day @ old hickory golf club 










 partner websites





learn

student focused, results delivered. raspberry golf academy helps students focus on techniques to improve their game and lower scores. serving five locations in va.
website






play

point me to more golf! join the new raspberry golf trail and earn one point for every dollar you spend on green fees at 7 championship clubs in pa and va. 100 points equals $10 off your next round!
website






manage

a full-service golf course consulting firm specializing in golf course acquisition, development, operations & management. click below to see our current golf properties.
website














ready to book a tee time?

click here







 upcoming eventssun, mar 16, 10:00am: winter series: st. paddy’s madness

view full calendar








© old hickory golf club • 11921 chanceford drive • woodbridge, va 22192(703) 580-9000 • contact • sitemap • website by: the rwm company
  
follow via facebookfollow on instagramfollow via twittercontact us today!




















golfcourse
book tee timesgolf coursegolf ratesgolf outingsmembershipsgolf instructionclub policiesoutings& golf events
golf outingswinter series cuptnt golf leaguefeed a veteran 5knike junior golf campevents calendarweddings& occasions
weddingsspecial occasionsphoto gallerytestimonialssuper bowl cateringevents calendarcontactshop online
online storeemail specialsguest surveyemploymentmember portalcontact & directions


old hickory golf club11921 chanceford drivewoodbridge, va 22192













 








×




×



 

winter series events
super bowl scramble (rescheduled): feb. 22ndpolar bear (rescheduled): march 2ndst. paddy's march madness: march 16th
learn more 





