





empty spools seminars


































































emptyspoolsseminars.com has a new look! explore and enjoy! 














home      about      contact      faq’s      gallery      registration      2025 sessionssession 1session 2session 3session 4session 5











2025 quiltmaking workshops
join us in one of the world’s most inspirational environments along the california coast, where our international, visiting artist-faculty of professional instructors conducts a variety of workshops encompassing the quilting arts.



registration








2025 40th anniversary!

as we celebrate the remarkable milestone of empty spools seminars’ 40th anniversary, we reflect on the journey with immense pride and gratitude. what gayle wells, suzanne cox, and diana mcclun began as a humble endeavor has blossomed into a thriving community of artisans, united by a shared passion for quilting and fiber art. over four decades, we have cultivated a legacy of excellence and innovation, empowering folks of all backgrounds to explore their creativity through fabric and thread.
we are thrilled to announce an exciting new chapter! gayle’s daughter, wendi wells, and granddaughter, penny wells, will carry the torch to the next generation of empty spools seminars. with fresh perspectives and a deep appreciation for tradition, they are poised to carry forward our commitment to providing the finest instructors from around the world to offer the ultimate quilting retreat experience at the renowned “refuge by the sea”– asilomar! suzanne and gayle will continue to play a role as mentors to the new team.
join us as we celebrate our 40th anniversary as a community.


2025 brochure











home      about      contact      faq’s      gallery      registration      2025 sessionssession 1session 2session 3session 4session 5
facebook
instagram






 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website










































