






encyclopedia of real estate terms | real estate terms | property terms


 
 
 






















 


 web analytics by logaholic

web analytics by logaholic



real estate terms & phrases | real estate dictionary | property language explained | legal & business reference work  feb 16, 2025




home

our clients

europe
worldwide
usa


awards

our awards


reviews

third edition
shorter edition
first edition


view r.e. terms

sample terms
actual pages
term of month
new terms
20 questions
request a term


resources

real estate books
law cases
legislation
real estate defined blog
other links
more research
link to us


about us

delta alpha
author


buy now

direct
special offer
book stores










isbn 978-0-9668946-4-6
third edition
us$85.00/ £60.50/ €70.00

secure payment with credit card/


"aaa rating",
mcgill law journal





    real estate definedonline
take a 15-dayfree trial

"indispensable reference text",
        new zealand law journal


	international property law,
	finance words explained,
	accounting, appraisal,
    banking, construction,
	collateralized mortgage,
	option, land surveying,
    land economics terms, leasing,
	foreclosure, securitization,
	mortgage terms, valuation …




	abandonment, bargain, commission,
	cost approach, easement,
demembrements de la propriete(f)
	fixture, good repair, letter of intent,
	licence by estoppel, multiple listing,
	money, mortgage-backed security (mbs),
noscitur a sociis(lat), police power(us) …
    
 



isbn: 978-0-9668946-1-5
the shorter encyclopedia
us$15.00/£10.50/€11.50

order and pay with credit card/


"a splendid piece of work", 
the law teacher





  real estate defined video
subscribe to real estate defined
	real estate terms online
"exhaustive legal and financial references",
 appraisal journal


	property thesaurus
	agency, arbitration, contract,
	brokerage, landlord & tenant
	leasehold enfranchisement
	guaranty, security, lease,
	fixture, insurance, equity & trusts,
	real property law cases,
	tort, trespass,
	town planning,
    zoning terms, yield rate, …
	



isbn: 978-0-9668946-2-2
real estate terms
	on cd-rom

    
    possibility of reverter, quiet enjoyment,
	real covenant(us), rent, spot zoning(us)
	title insurance, torrens title system,
	multiple listing service (mls)(us),
	unvalued policy, usufruct/usufruit(f),
	voluntary waste, wraparound mortgage,
zone d'amenagement(f)

 encyclopedia of real estate terms, real estate terms, property terms




encyclopedia of real estate term
the definitive property encyclopedia


the encyclopedia of real estate terms is now in its third edition. this authoritative 1,536-page encyclopedia has three main aims: (1) to provide a clear and precise definition and meaning for a term or phrase, with multiple cross references.
	(2) to help the user find answers for many of the questions that occur in real estate today. if not directly, then by reference to a considerable number of other major sources.
	(3) to point out where a problem might occur upon which, when required, further advice and counsel should be sought.
	
a dictionary, encyclopedia and reference work — all in one
an international reference work (business, legal, economics & finance) that does more than define a word or phrase. the explanations are supported by legal citations and bibliographical references. there are over 5,700 property law cases, 1,900 statutory or code references. there are over 7,000 book references.
    
	many of the bibliographical entries are referenced by page or paragraph number. in addition, there are over 25,000 cross references making this a true encyclopedia, as well as a real estate thesaurus.
    
    a real estate dictionary and an encyclopedia of real property law, real estate appraisal and phrases from business, legal, economics, finance and investment language, land use planning & zoning, surveying, valuation.

an encyclopedia of real estate language and a thesaurus.

in addition, the third edition has a significant number of french property words. these real property words or phrases are explained in english. they also have extensive statutory and bibliographical references.
	  
	  the appendices to the encyclopedia include: (1) a list of over 1,600 book titles on real estate and related subjects. (2) a summary of major real estate laws. (3) a list of international professional associations. (4) a table of measurements. (5) financial formulae. (6) acronyms and abbreviations.


the shorter encyclopedia
property dictionary/real estate dictionary and more.
the shorter encyclopedia defines and explains over 7,500 words and phrases and related definitions. this is supplemented by more than 1,000 citations (cases, statutes and other authorities). there are over 20,000 cross references and 400 bibliographical references. material is drawn from the uk, usa, and many other common law jurisdictions.
	
the encyclopedias on real estate terminology — in print and online
the primary focus of these encyclopedias is american and english real estate practice. however, they are truly international in scope with real estate information from australia, canada and new zealand. also there are words and phrases from french, civil and scots law and explanations of latin phrases. all of these are supplemented by extensive resources (citation & bibliographical references) to aid further research. thus, these works transcend any mere glossary.

everything you need to know on real estate terminology in detail
 
 

site map | 
disclaimer & legal notice | 
privacy policy
© 2025 delta alpha publishing
author | 
delta alpha publishing | 
property terms defined | 
international real estate research
 

abandonment | 
	bargain | 
	commission | 
	cost approach | 
	démembrements(f) | 
	easement | 
	estoppel | 
	fixture | 
	good repair | 
	letter of intent | 
	licence by estoppel | 
	money
mortgage-backed security (mbs) |&nbsp3
	multiple listing | 
	noscitur a sociis(lat) | 
	police power(us) | 
	possibility of reverter | 
	quiet enjoyment | 
	real covenant(us) |  
	rent
spot zoning | 
	title insurance | 
	torrens title system | 
	multiple listing service (mls)(us) | 
	unvalued policy | 
	usufruit(f) |  
	value | 
	voluntary waste | 
	wraparound mortgage(us) | 
	zone a urbaniser (zup)(f)
 
 





