










missing life insurance and unclaimed inheritance search for lost heirs.
















      missing life insurance  unclaimed policy 
      benefits & 

demutualization payments









 




unclaimed life insurance 
      policy search - demutualization payments & settlement claims











unclaimed life insurance 
      policies:  


between one-quarter and 
      one-half of all life insurance policies go unclaimed - worth $2.4 billion 
      annually - because it's up to family members to notify the insurance 
      company when a policyholder dies, and little effort is made to find lost 
      heirs and beneficiaries. 


in addition to unclaimed policy 
      benefits, many policyholders and heirs are entitled to 
demutualization compensation 
      and national life 
      insurance settlement payments. 

demutualization 
      compensation: 

demutualization is the process 
      of converting a mutual life insurance company, owned by its policyholders, 
      to a publicly traded stock company owned by shareholders, pursuant to a 
      plan of conversion approved by government regulators. 


      many of the nation's oldest and largest life insurers began as mutual 
      insurance companies. most - 
      including 

      prudential, 

      john hancock, metlife, equitable, principal 

      and mutual of new york
      - have since demutualized. mutual life policyholders 
      (and heirs) continue to be entitled to receive whatever policy benefits 
      may be due, but in addition receive stock, cash and/or policy credits in 
      exchange for their ownership interest in the old mutual insurance company. 










click binoculars to  
      initiate a search for a lost life insurance policy
 or
      select an underwriter from the list below




by law, 

      unclaimed policy benefits, including demutualization compensation, are 
      remitted to the custody of a government trust account until claimants come 
      forward. 
government custodians recently collected $22.8 
      billion in a single year, of which less than $1 billion was reclaimed. the 
      total amount currently available for claim - $62 billion.


      the amount  paid to each policyholder is 
      based on a number of factors, including length of time the policy has been in force,  face value of the policy, and total premiums paid.
      for many policyholders, 
      the windfall arising from demutualization can be substantial, but 

millions of missing policyholders and heirs aren't 
      aware they are entitled to receive demutualization compensation. 

when john hancock demutualized, it did not have current 
      addressed for 400,000 policyholders. prudential could not find 1.2 million 
      policyholders entitled to receive compensation, and metlife estimates 60 million shares of stock arising from its demutualization - worth billions of dollars - 
      went 
      unclaimed. contact efforts were unsuccessful, 
      due to name changes after marriage or divorce, unreported changes of 
      address, expired postal forwarding orders and non-current beneficiary 
      information. 
 


















national 
      life insurance settlement payments: 
       




      heirs of deceased 

      policyholders may also be entitled to receive restitution arising from a recent 
      audit of  21 major life insurance companies that found  insurers
      

      failed to pay death benefits to beneficiaries even in cases where they 
      knew the policy holder was deceased. further, it 
      was determined that in many cases underwriters continued collecting  premiums by deducting payments from the cash value of the policies. to 
      determine if you are entitled to receive payment go to: 



national life insurance settlement claims 




► 


it is highly recommended that current and former policyholders and heirs - the majority of whom 
      are unaware they're entitled to 
      unclaimed policy benefits, demutualization stock, cash, and/or 
      settlement payouts - initiate a search. 
      go to:
  
unclaimed life insurance policy  search
or select company: 







      american mutual life / amerus



manulife / manufacturers life



principal mutual life





anthem wellpoint



metlife / metropolitan life



provident mutual life





central life assurance



mony / mutual of new york



prudential life





equitable / axa



mutual service life



standard insurance





general american life



nationwide / allied mutual



state 
      mutual / allmerica





indianapolis life



northwestern 
      / reliastar



sun life / clarica





john hancock life



phoenix home life



unum mutual / unum




trace a life insurance company no longer in 
      business: 
       


 



family members should not assume that because a life 
      insurance company is no longer in business that policy benefits are gone 
      forever. over the years hundreds of life insurance companies have changed 
      name or merged with others, and policies are still valid. even if your 
      company failed, benefits up to $300,000 are paid by state guaranty 
      associations. to find out what happened to a company that no longer exists 
      go to:
      
life insurance company trace











































inheritance 
        search


        lost bank account


        unclaimed money


lost savings bonds


home









unclaimed assets

missing assets

lost 
        life insurance


missing 
        retirement


dinero no reclamado








©
2017 demutualization claims clearinghouse


