






superior custom kitchens - kitchen design | warren nj
















































































skip to content





















 
warren, nj





 
908.753.6005 





 
email us










facebook-f
 



instagram
 



houzz
 





















 
warren, nj




 
call





 
email































 
kitchen and bathroom remodeling for over 60 years



























homeabout usservicesproducts

mega menu dropdown 










fine products 




whether we are designing your dream kitchen for culinary craftiness, drafting a new home office to clear clutter, or installing a spa bathroom so you may steam stress away, our vast product selection can suit any design idea you can imagine. 




view full list 









cabinetry 






brookhaven




kith cabinetry




lauriermax




north cabinetry




wood-mode




more details +













countertops 






 caesarstone




corian




silestone









granite


limestone


marble


quartz


quartzite



more details +













hardware 






berenson




 top knobs







flooring 





hardwood


tile


laminate














 




processportfolioblogcontact























 










get started today











 


















for over 60 years, superior custom kitchens has provided beautiful work throughout warren, nj. we focus on expedient yet detail-oriented remodeling while providing uncommonly personal service. 







our history




















 








							design						

		        			we take any room or space and create an elevated design and flow.		        		



	                                    learn more	                                
















 








							drafting						

floor plans, elevations and perspectives are provided with every project.		        		



	                                    learn more	                                













 












 








							installation						

		        			we specialize in remodeling and additions and provide all services for installation. 		        		



	                                    learn more	                                


















 













										superior did an amazing job and we love our kitchen!  after several other consultations, their design was the most creative and practical.  the installers did excellent work, which included removing a wall to expand the kitchen.  they were professional, easy to contact, and extremely knowledgeable about kitchen design and the product.  i would highly recommend superior.									

c. holser




										we are so pleased with our new kitchen installed by superior custom kitchens.  there is a definite advantage having the design, carpentry, plumbing, electrical all managed by a single company -- they took complete responsibility for the whole job "end to end".  superior has been in business for over 50 years - we highly recommend them.									

w. robertson




										we are thoroughly enjoying our updated kitchen. the group at superior custom kitchens was a pleasure to work with. their recommendations were right on target, and all the contractors were very professional and respectful of the current covid environment while working in our home.  we have no hesitation in giving them the highest recommendation possible.									

m. neubauer




 

 


























decade after decade, our company has continued to provide our clients with an expansive selection of quality cabinets and fine products. if you expect top quality results, you have to use top quality products. 







product list




















 










our process 












the planning of a new room is one of the most crucial parts of the remodeling process. from the initial discussions and consultations with a designer to spacial planning and blueprints, the team at superior custom kitchens makes everything a breeze. to get started, contact us today. 







how it works































 







schedule a free consultation. 






get started




































 











get in touch 





 126 mount bethel rd.warren, nj 07059get directions



call us908.753.6005




supkit@optonline.net















 








facebook-f
 



instagram
 



houzz
 












business hours 





monday - friday8:30am - 4:30pm


saturday9:00am - 1:00pm


call toschedule appointment


























this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply. 
© copyright 2025 superior custom kitchens | all rights reserved | this site designed and hosted by enter.net 















home
about us
services
products

mega menu dropdown


process
portfolio
blog
contact








accessibility




					b&c


					contrasts dark 


					contrasts white


					stop movement


					readable font


					underline links


a
a
a


cancel accessibility                







provided by:



 










 

















email 





sign up 







































when you work with a kitchen designer, you don’t have to give up control of your plans or turn all the remodeling work over to other craftsmen. think of yourself as the movie producer and of the kitchen designer as the movie director. you can be intimately involved in every detail of your project or completely “hands-off”. it’s up to you. but no matter what, your kitchen will ultimately be a reflection of your own personal style and not some designer’s so-called “design statement”. 




a designer will typically: 






 
visit your home to take measurements.



 
create design and draft perspectives, elevations, and a floor plan.



 
develop a detailed budget and schedule.



 
order products and materials.



 
coordinate work with construction, painting, and other contractors.



 
oversee the installation and placement of the cabinets and other design elements.



































our showroom 












we invite you to visit our showroom – we have an extensive display of cabinets and samples. we showcase many unique styles of kitchens including, european, country farmhouse, soft contemporary, french country and traditional. our cabinet door showcase is constantly growing with a vast amount of cabinet styles and finishes, as well as a plethora of granite and marble samples.our displays feature built-ins with the newest in convenient appliances such as dishwasher drawers and freezer drawers, cabinet accessories (spice racks, towel racks and auto lifts), soap tilts, wine racks, auto-lift mixer shelves etc.. 




find our showroom 










						
						directions from route 78					

route 78 to exit 36traveling east turn righttraveling west turn lefttravel 1.5 miles southshowroom on left - right after the warren fire company on the left 







						
						directions from route 22					

route 22 west to warrenville road/cr-651route 22 east, u-turn to warrenville road cr/651travel; 2.7 miles northwarrenville road turns into mt. bethelshowroom on the right - right before the warren fire company 



































brookhaven 












brookhaven cabinets, backed by more than six decades of cabinet-making skill and experience, are available in an amazing selection of door styles and finishes. the result is not just a beautiful kitchen, but one that promises to stand up to the challenges of everyday life. brookhaven’s 10-year warranty against defects of material or workmanship is our assurance that you can count on many years of enjoyment. 

































wood-mode 












it all starts with lumber processing at wood-mode’s highly integrated manufacturing facility. wood-mode’s own kilns perform an intensive lumber drying process that achieves the optimum moisture content required for the necessary stability of its custom cabinetry, furniture and architectural elements. age-old craftsmanship is combined with the precision and accuracy of modern technology to provide meticulous control throughout the manufacturing process.wood-mode’s superior quality cabinets offer the ultimate assurance that once is enough: a lifetime limited warranty. it’s our promise of your complete satisfaction, both today and in the years to come. 

























































