


jenny heart




















    
	jenny heart
	
  
free pics of jenny - upadted weekly! also links to more free materials of her and other teen sweeties. write your opinion and post a your favorite links to other cuties as a comment.





thursday, may 25, 2006




jenny is probably the wildest girl on the net! she has new sexy ideas every day and she turns all the guys on with her hot photos and videos! so, this time i found some hot videos of her and i post them here! each pic is a link which will take you to a download site! enjoy and don't forget to bookmark and come back for the next update!other great teens you shouldn't miss are: cute angie - a really horny girl with tons of hot stuff on her blog! kat young - an 19 years old hot babe! check her blog for tons of free materials! brandys bubble! one of the crazyest and most sexy girls on the net!  naomi model - a british teen with sweet boobs and charming smile! 



posted by teenmaster at 12:20 am
0 comments






sunday, april 09, 2006




jenny heart is absolute one of the naughtiest teens out there! she's hot and her photos are better then the photos of the most professional models! and she's not one of them - she's just an usual teen that loves to get horny in front of the camera! that's her secret - she's just real! i really enjoy jenny's photos and videos and i think the most guys feel like me so i'll keep posting new pics every week! have fun with this pic and don't forget that each has a link to a whole free hosted gallery of jenny! i also promisse that the next time i update this blog i'll find some videos of this hottie and post links here! so, bookmaek and don't miss the next update!if you like jenny heart you must visit the blogs of this sexy teens: next door nikki and planet mandy are the two teens who have the biggest natural boobs on the whole internet! so check there blogs - they are full of free photos and videos. if you prefer really horny teens, so the blogs of naughty nati , hot haley or the cute want wendy will be the right place to start surfing! 



posted by teenmaster at 1:14 am
0 comments






saturday, march 04, 2006





this blog presents jenny heart with some free pics and links. if you haven't seen her pics yet, you'll be quite surprised! she's 18, she's naughty and really sexy! her pics and vids are so hot, that after jenny it's hard to like other girls! this cute boobies and sweet bottom - take them all - click on each pic to go to a free hosted gallery and take more from jenny!




if the pics here aren't enough for you, visit her huge friend's review site for more free stuff and come back here soon - i'll update this blog as often as i have free time. if you have some free links of jenny heart - post them down as a comment.




posted by teenmaster at 1:15 am
0 comments











about me

name:  teenmaster 

view my complete profile

links

google news
edit-me
edit-me

previous posts

jenny is probably the wildest girl on the net! she...
jenny heart is absolute one of the naughtiest teen...

this blog presents jenny heart with some free pic...

archives

march 2006
april 2006
may 2006









 



