


home page of the great scale model train shows - timonium md





















welcome to the 
great scale model train
				and
		railroad collectors shows


& railroad marketplace










		location: maryland state fair 2200 york rd. timonium, md 21093





click here for complete map and directions from all points.
!!and click 
 
		here to 
		see what it's all about!!
click link below to 
		go to our new website at
sites.google.com/view/greatscalemodeltrainshow


next show is may 3rd and 4th, 2025
		hours: 9-5; sat., 9-3 sun.






over 3 decades of the 
		biggest & best model train shows in the mid-atlantic!








       








			home




white elephant tables!
		(sell your stuff!)




		about
		our shows
		& our people




		vendor and club
		directory &
		who will be here




show dates		
		admission prices,
		  directions &  map




		information
		for sellers &
		vendor sign-up
		table locations &
		show map




			information for
			clubs and clinics




			need a
			reminder?





		click for a great train show  rate!
			 




visitors: take your magical excursion into miniature 
		worlds which show life as it was, as it is, or as it could be. 
		fantastical, exquisite layouts built by skilled modelers will transport 
		you to times and places you'll enjoy and remember. an ideal outing for 
		families, individuals or couples looking for a unique and memorable 
		diversion. bring your camera.
 




				see these videos for a preview!


held 3 times a year, the great scale model train show is always a 
		welcome and richly rewarding visual experience, no matter what the 
		season.

buyers:  find all scales, high-rail, plastic to brass, 
		locomotives to scenery; power, control and signals, books, maps, 
		railroad art, reclaimed relics from the real thing  -all, are found 
		in abundance, here, on hundreds of vendor tables and displays. the range 
		of vendors includes renowned and expert modelers to hobbyists with a 
		"few things to sell." chances are that the thing you need -and the thing 
		you didn't know you need- is here. just thinking about the hobby? or 
		a serious modeler? somewhere in between? this is your show. our 
		world-class vendors and experts will offer their guidance and reasonably 
		priced product to get you started or keep you on track.
sellers:  an ideal, cost-effective way for vendors to 
		reconnect with current customers, make new acquaintances, promote your 
		store or internet site, engage manufacturers, and share news and 
		shop-talk with your peers. you'll appreciate the wide loading doors, 
		large trolleys for moving merchandise, friendly and helpful show staff, 
		free electricity, the low cost, and special vendor perks.
want a show flyer with a 
		discount admission?


we've got 'em! click this
				link to 
				download a high resolution show flyer! 
 



							quicklinks:


							vendorlist


							showfloor plan


							reserve 
							tables

							online - easy!







get a life-time pass! click here






contact us directly:

jsgeare@gsmts.com 
or call 301-221-7996.the great scale model trains shows are owned and 
operated by
makin tracks, llc
1 slade ave. #504,  pikesville, md 21208


 



 



