




recipes, menus, cooking tips | teriskitchen.com (this month: fastnacht recipes, comfort foods, valentines day archive)


























home

recipes
      


index to all recipes
appetizer and party food recipes
beef recipes
bread recipes
cake recipes
cookie and candy recipes
dessert recipes
egg recipes
game meat and bird recipes
grain recipes
lamb and veal recipes
pasta recipes
pie and tart recipes
pizza and pizza dough recipes
pork recipes
poultry recipes
salad and salad dressing recipes
sandwich and wrap recipes
sauce and condiment recipes
seafood and fish recipes
soup and chowder recipes
vegetable recipes



features
      


index to all features
pennsylvania dutch recipes
italian recipes
southern recipes
quick and easy main dish recipes
healthy recipes
healthy menus
grilling recipes
recipes for leftovers
comfort food recipes
potluck recipes
easy recipes for elegant entertaining
recipes and tips for preserving foods
homemade spice blends
holiday menus and recipes
homemade gifts from the kitchen
shared recipes



resources
      


index to all resources
glossary of cooking techniques
cooking tips
the well-stocked kitchen pantry
recipe abbreviations and conversions
essential cooking tools



menus
      


featured menus
healthy menus
holiday menus and recipes


contact





















featured recipes and menus
anyone who likes to cook will tell you that part of the fun of cooking is sharing good recipes. at teriskitchen.com, you will find hundreds of tried-and-true recipes from my family and personal collection, plus several hundred shared recipes submitted by contributors. in addition to the recipes, there are menus for every day and special occasions, cooking tips, resources and much more. on this page, i will post featured menus and collections, as well as new content and revisions to the site as they occur. to see more and to find specific recipes or information, you can browse the recipes, features and resources index or use the search boxes and lists throughout the site. i hope you will enjoy what i have to offer.







featured pages
pennsylvania dutch recipes
italian recipes
southern recipes
quick and easy main dish recipes
healthy recipes
shared recipes
index to all recipes and features




featured recipes



fastnachts (pennsylvania dutch/german yeast doughnuts)



pan-seared sea scallops
















featured this month


recipes for fastnacht day - pennsylvania dutch doughnuts

tuesday, march 4, 2025

fastnacht day is a special pennsylvania dutch celebration with german roots that falls on shrove tuesday, the day before ash wednesday. fastnacht  (pronounced fost-nokt) translates to 'fast night', and celebrates the feast before the lenten fast. there are three types of fastnachts. all are somewhat crispy on the outside and not as sweet as most other doughnuts. i have delicious recipes for yeast fastnachts as well as crullers, which use baking powder for leavening. in addition, there are shared recipes for potato fastnachts and an apple cider variation based on my cruller recipe. i hope you will try one or all and enjoy.

comfort food recipes
there is something about winter, more than any other season, that evokes memories of and cravings for our favorite comfort food. many of those recipes transport us back to our childhood. others just make us feel warm and cozy inside. there are certain foods that i crave on occasion that make me feel like everything is right with the world. what that food is depends on the time of year and the mood i am in at the moment. i have compiled a collection of my favorite comfort food recipes, many of which are quick and easy, others a bit more labor intensive, some that are healthy and light, and those that are delightfully indulgent. i hope some will become your favorites.

valentine's day recipes and menu (archive)

featured recipe
mom's mocha brownies with chocolate frosting

featured shared recipe
eric's bean casserole with beef and sausage








 
 
no matter where i take my guests, it seems they like my kitchen best.
pennsylvania dutch saying

this site may not be reproduced in whole or in part without written permission and appropriate credit given. written, designed and maintained by teri ranck foster. all rights reserved. copyright statement, privacy policy and disclaimers.









