



opinion - the new york times
  




















skip to contentskip to site index today’s paperadvertisementskip advertisementsupported byskip advertisementopinioncolumnistsjamelle bouiedavid brooksgail collinsross douthatmaureen dowddavid frenchthomas l. friedmanm. gessenmichelle goldbergezra kleinnicholas kristofcarlos lozadatressie mcmillan cottompamela paullydia polgreenbret stephenszeynep tufekciguest essayseditorialsthe pointletterssunday opinionopinion videoop-docsopinion audioezra klein showmatter of opinionthe opinionspoliticsworldbusinesstechclimatehealthculturehighlightsguest essayall the president’s sock puppetsthe justice department’s loyalty game is new, dangerous and self-defeating. by daniel richmancreditthe ezra klein showthe republican party’s npc problem — and ourswhat happens when ambition no longer checks ambition? by ezra kleincreditwill matsuda for the new york timesguest essaylet students finish the whole book. it could change their lives.had they merely read the summary, my students would have seen many of the same words, but they’d have lacked the feeling part. by tim donahuecreditveronyka jelinekguest essaythis is what the courts can do if trump defies themhow the escalating measures available to courts would work. by trevor w. morrison and richard h. pildescreditanna reshetnikova/getty imagessorry, mr. kennedy, most americans want to get their shotsthreatening vaccine access is not only bad science, it’s bad politics. by caitlin riverscreditmatt rourke/associated pressguest essaythe 1980s are back, and not in a good wayi worshiped ronald reagan and big hair in the 1980s. the maga youth of today remind me of myself. by elizabeth spierscreditchristina leeguest essaywhat america can gain if trump goes to chinaa presidential visit to beijing is an opportunity to make real progress in achieving a more balanced, stable relationship with china. by bonnie s. glasercreditpool photo by ng han guanguest essaythe disrupter in chief can’t end a war like thisthe trump team’s vacillations may not just cost ukraine its independence; it could set the stage for a cataclysm. by david frenchcreditroman pilipey/agence france-presse &mdash; getty imagesdavid frenchon ‘s.n.l.’ the jokes aren’t even the half of itmost of us aren’t hilarious or gorgeous or famous, and “saturday night live” gives us access to all of those things. by curtis sittenfeldcreditpeter arkleguest essayadvertisementskip advertisementlatestsearchsearchclear this text inputguest essaythe 1980s are back, and not in a good wayi worshiped ronald reagan and big hair in the 1980s. the maga youth of today remind me of myself.by elizabeth spiers guest essaysorry, mr. kennedy, most americans want to get their shotsthreatening vaccine access is not only bad science, it’s bad politics.by caitlin rivers guest essayall the president’s sock puppetsthe justice department’s loyalty game is new, dangerous and self-defeating.by daniel richman david frenchthe disrupter in chief can’t end a war like thisthe trump team’s vacillations may not just cost ukraine its independence; it could set the stage for a cataclysm.by david french guest essaylet students finish the whole book. it could change their lives.had they merely read the summary, my students would have seen many of the same words, but they’d have lacked the feeling part.by tim donahue guest essaythis is what the courts can do if trump defies themhow the escalating measures available to courts would work.by trevor w. morrison and richard h. pildes the ezra klein showthe republican party’s npc problem — and ourswhat happens when ambition no longer checks ambition?by ezra klein guest essaywhat america can gain if trump goes to chinaa presidential visit to beijing is an opportunity to make real progress in achieving a more balanced, stable relationship with china.by bonnie s. glaser timesvideothe republican party’s npc problem — and ourswhat happens when ambition no longer checks ambition? maureen dowdwho will stand up to trump at high noon?trump and musk are destroying the magic of america.by maureen dowd page 1 of 1012345678910advertisementskip advertisementadvertisementskip advertisementsite indexsite information navigation© 2025 the new york times companynytcocontact usaccessibilitywork with usadvertiset brand studioyour ad choicesprivacy policyterms of serviceterms of salesite mapcanadainternationalhelpsubscriptionsmanage privacy preferences













