














home | withlacoochee river electric cooperative































      skip to main content
    








my wrec accountmy accountmy wrec accounte-billingelectronic fund transfer - automatic paymentsoffice locations & billing informationpayment assistancewrec mobile appmy co-opgm messagewhat is a cooperative?cooperative principlesnews, newsletters & reportsnews and eventsnewslettersannual reportsboard of trustees - service areabylawssource of poweremployment postingsoutage centeroutage mapreport an outagestreet light repairmember servicesnew member informationprogramsbeat the peakco-op connectionscooperative rewardsgenerator programmedically essentialprepaid meteringsurge stopperservices capital creditsconnect servicesolar calculator/incentivessolar energymy communityeducational foundationenergy saving tipsev informationoperation round-upsafety call 811 before you digvegetation managementsafety tipsportable generator safetysafety checklistsafety quizstormshurricane preparedness guidestorm center


























































tue, 02/27/2024 - 11:51 am


















click here to learn more about beat the peak






















×





search























latest






the wrec educational foundation scholarship is available - click here!
neighbors helping neighbors, sign up for operation round-up! - click here for more information!










1 / 2
              










my wrec accountmy accountmy wrec accounte-billingelectronic fund transfer - automatic paymentsoffice locations & billing informationpayment assistancewrec mobile appmy co-opgm messagewhat is a cooperative?cooperative principlesnews, newsletters & reportsnews and eventsnewslettersannual reportsboard of trustees - service areabylawssource of poweremployment postingsoutage centeroutage mapreport an outagestreet light repairmember servicesnew member informationprogramsbeat the peakco-op connectionscooperative rewardsgenerator programmedically essentialprepaid meteringsurge stopperservices capital creditsconnect servicesolar calculator/incentivessolar energymy communityeducational foundationenergy saving tipsev informationoperation round-upsafety call 811 before you digvegetation managementsafety tipsportable generator safetysafety checklistsafety quizstormshurricane preparedness guidestorm center























our mission
to exceed our member's expectations by providing safe, resilient electric service at the best possible value while enriching and strengthening the communities we serve.

learn more




















































employment





pay now





repair street light 





start service





wrec app





report an outage














































by the numbers











271749


accounts served











78


years in business










19800000


million in scholarship dollars 































the wrec mobile app
introducing the new rebranded wrec mobile app!
this app brings a world of convenience and efficiency right to your fingertips. it has the same great features you already know and love in our smarthub app with the look and feel of wrec. this is a new app that will need to be downloaded on your smart phone from your app store. 
click here for details
 


















operation round-up
operation round-up funds are used to help families who have suffered catastrophic events and members usually pay less than $0.50 per month! funds are not used to pay electric bills. operation round-up is governed by a board of trustees from the cooperative’s nine districts. so, how does it work? once a member signs up to participate in operation round-up through their wrec account, via online or in the wrec mobile app their monthly bill will be rounded up to the nearest dollar every month.
 
learn more about operation round-up







































$12,000 scholarship!
the wrec educational foundation scholarship application is now available to graduating high school seniors!
make sure to submit it to wrec before the deadline with all proper documentation. 
for more information click here













recent news









light up navajo project
february 12, 2025



      wrec is thrilled to be the first florida cooperative to join the light up navajo project. we are hon...
    

read more >











wrec attends career fair at deltona elementary school 
january 29, 2025



      district manager, ben cooper, and engineering supervisor, brian mauldin, attended a career fair at d...
    

read more >











wrec sends mutual aid crews to tallahassee
january 22, 2025



      wrec is sending mutual aid crews to tallahassee to support our fellow cooperative, talquin electric ...
    

read more >











wrec presents united way of pasco county with a $71,096.00 donation check
january 20, 2025



      today, wrec presented a check for $71,096.00 to the united way of pasco county. each year, wrec and ...
    

read more >






pagination


          page 1        


next page
››












































contact information

withlacoochee river electric cooperative, inc.
the billy e. brown corporate center
14651 21st st, dade city, fl 33523
(352) 567-5133
   











social media































wrec podcast


 
 











helpful links


news


contact us


employment


helpful links


legal & privacy policy


media kit




























award criteria are determined by the acsi® and are based on customers rating their satisfaction in a survey independent of the syndicated acsi energy utility study. for more about the acsi, visit www.theacsi.org/badges. acsi and its logo are registered trademarks of the american customer satisfaction index llc.




















©2025 withlacoochee river electric cooperative. all rights reserved.


powered by co-op web builder






















