














waters college of health professions - georgia southern university



















































skip to main content




 

apply
visit
give
mygs




menuclose











 

about


about overview
leadership, mission, & vision
news
events
campuses
office directory



admissions & aid


admissions & aid overview
how to apply
first-year students
transfer
graduate students
adult & non-traditional
military-connected and veteran students
dual enrollment
international students
post-baccalaureate, former, and transient students
tuition and scholarships
financial aid
visit campus
meet the admissions team
orientation



academics


academics overview
degrees
accelerated bachelor's to master's
online programs
career exploration
colleges
university libraries
academic advising (carc)
academic success center
continuing and professional education



student life


student life overview
housing
traditions
the eagle experience
armstrong campus in savannah
liberty campus in hinesville
statesboro campus
dining services
student union
fraternity & sorority life
student organizations
university libraries
campus recreation & intramurals
counseling center



research


research overview
centers and laboratories
research impact areas
innovation and commercialization
community impact
information for university partners
vertically integrated projects (vip)
faculty support
research integrity
student research & creative activity



athletics


athletics website



alumni


alumni overview


 mygs
current students
news
parents & families
careers
 




apply
visit
give
mygs
 



searchclose













search




popular searches

financial aid
housing
directory
academic calendar
admissions
military students





 





waters college of health professions



home
»
colleges
»
	waters college of health professions
 









in this section menu


in this section




about
centers & outreach
academic departments
college directory
degrees & programs
faculty & staff
mous
news
prospective students
student resources
tactical athlete initiative
waters college advisory board
wchp publications





bring out the best — in you, your patients and your community
in georgia southern university’s waters college of health professions, we strive to empower patients and improve the health of populations across our state and the world.
with guidance from our distinguished faculty, transform your thinking about health and master evidence-based best practices to enhance the quality of life of individuals and communities. expand your knowledge by undertaking hands-on research and collaborating across disciplines in the field. then, apply your skills in clinics or organizations through our experiential learning opportunities as you prepare to launch your career.






our impact
discover how one of the biggest health science colleges in georgia prepares graduates to make a far-reaching impact in individual patient care and community health.








degrees and certificates
offered at the undergraduate and graduate levels, on campus and online. 




departments
covering the range of the health professions field. 



+
scholarships
available exclusively to waters college students. 









meet our faculty
our dedicated faculty give students the knowledge and experience they need to excel in their chosen health care profession. they prepare outstanding leaders by engaging and mentoring them in the classroom, involving them in cross-disciplinary research and guiding them through clinical and service activities. as a result, our faculty are regularly recognized for their excellence in the health professions field at state and national levels.






      clinical sciences faculty      




      nursing faculty      




      health sciences and kinesiology faculty      














explore our programs
how will you serve patients and communities? determine your impact among the waters college of health professions’ broad range of undergraduate, graduate and online programs. learn to deliver focused care as a nursing, clinical science or kinesiology student. or, understand how to guide population health by studying health and sport science, administration or health care management, among others.
degrees & programs



















research and outreach
in cross-disciplinary, faculty-led research partnerships, see how innovation advances patient care and community health. in the process, explore current technologies in our health sciences and kinesiology labs or directly assist clients in our communication disorders and rehabilitation centers.






      tactical athlete initiative      




      biodynamics and human performance center      




      interprofessional collaboration and research      




      center for rehabilitation and independent living      




      ritecare® center for communication disorders      




      magnolia coastlands area health education center      











departments
receive a nationally recognized health profession education across programs in clinical patient care, health science and informatics, health administration or sport management.










clinical sciences
learn to prevent, diagnose and treat illness in individuals, or prepare to guide patient recovery or provide adaptive therapy. this department is home to undergraduate and graduate programs in the athletic training, medical laboratory science, the radiologic sciences, respiratory therapy and physical therapy.









health sciences and kinesiology
understand the science behind individual health, nutrition, exercise and human performance. or, improve health on a broader scale with a degree in sport management, physical education, or health sciences and coaching.









nursing
in our top-ranked nursing program, learn to provide exceptional patient care — and more. discover all the professional opportunities a nursing degree offers!


























                    “the professors over there, they cultivate you. they see your potential once you step through that door. they’re trained to do that, and once they see it, they cultivate it, they mold it, and they just bring the best out of you, and this has pushed me to be a way better me.”

jadeon carreker
                    ’20                  












student success and support
access a range of personalized services that prepare you for future success in the allied health professions. learn more about academic advising, tutoring and peer mentoring, student groups, career services and scholarships.






      student resources      




      student organizations      




      office of career services      




      academic success center      




      wchp advisement center      




      wchp scholarships      






















take the next step


request information
schedule a visit
start your application













 



statesboro campus
            1332 southern drive
statesboro, ga 30458
912-478-4636          

armstrong campus
            11935 abercorn street
savannah, ga 31419
912-478-4636          

liberty campus
            175 west memorial drive
hinesville, ga 31313
912-877-1906          

contact us





news
events
maps
parking & transportation
faculty & staff directory
a-z site directory
bookstore
course catalog
academic calendar
career opportunities
 public safety
equal opportunity & title ix
university system of georgia
accreditation
ethics hotline
open records
privacy
human trafficking notice
 
back to top






 



 



 



 



 


©
      2024 georgia southern university 





