








bucaro techelp










careers
computers
networking
web design
programming
get paid
stem
drawing
search



home
about
user agreement
privacy policy
site map
search
contact
news feeds
article submission guidelines
online applications
online calculators



learn web design, computer maintenance, programming, computer architecture, computer networking, electronics, mathematics, art and graphic design.


the mechanical universe







learn more at amazon.com
inkscape shadows and highlightsadding shadows and highlights to your drawings can create a touch of realism. in this article you learn how to add shadows and highlights to your inkscape drawings. more ...easy css animated flaming texti provide easy code to create css flaming text animations. you are free to experiment with your own css property values. i bet you can create even better flaming text. css3 flaming text animations are fun and easy to create. more ...inkscape basic fillin inkscape you can fill a shape with just about any color, texture, or pattern that you desire. in this article we discuss how to fill a shape with a basic color. more ...installing iis on windows 10if you want to test your classic asp scripts, iis (internet information services) is a feature that included with every windows 10 operating system, but it is an option, so you do have to install it first. more ...speed up windows 10 by disabling trivial visual effectsdoes your windows 10 pc perform annoyingly slow? you may be able to get a significant performance boost by disabling unnecessary visual effects. here's how. more ...inkscape text kerningalthough inkscape might be considered a vector drawing application, it is also a powerful typographical design program. actually text kerning is not a good title for this article because in it i will cover all the different typographical adjustments you can make in inkscape. more ...independent contractor agreement templatethis is a template for an independent contractor agreement. it contains a series of boxes. each box does not contain the final text of the agreement. instead, each box contains a description or suggestion of the type of information that you should type into the box. more ...regular expressions subexpressionsin this article you learned how to use subexpressions to rearrange matches in a regular expression and how to replace the value of a subexpression match in the results. more ...introduction to draw svg free online svg drawing applicationa drawing created on a computer can be posted directly on the web. drawing on a computer with a vector drawing program is the best way to go. draw svg seems to meet the need. in this article i touched on only a tiny part of what draw svg can do. more ...online color coded resistor calculatorto determine the resistance value of a color-coded resistor, select the colors matching each band from the drop-down lists. more ...windows 10 shortcut to turn laptop camera on or offto prevent hackers from sneaking a look at you, turn your laptop camera off. this article shows you how to place a shortcut on your desktop that you can use to quickly turn your laptop camera on or off. more ...how to check your pcs tpmone of the requirements for windows 11 is tpm version 2.0. if you have windows 10 and you have tpm version 2.0 module, and it's enabled, then you can install and run windows 11. more ...ipv4 to ipv6 transition with the dual-stack techniquetransition from ipv4 to ipv6 has been slow. if you can't immediately convert all your network hardware to ipv6, the dual-stack technique allows the easiest operation of ipv4 and ipv6 devices on the same network. more ...emi, rfi, emc, ems, what's the difference?emi, rfi, emc, and ems all refer to different aspects of radio frequency interference which may cause elecronic devices to malfunction. correcting these problems can be an art and a science. more ...regular expression basics : match a set of charactersa regular expression (regex) is a sequence of characters that define a pattern that allows you to search, match, locate, replace, manipulate, and manage text. in this article you'll learn how to use regular expressions to match a set of of characters. more ...inkscape preferencesinkscape is a highly configurable application. many of these configuration options can be set through the preferences dialog box. there is probably a hundred things you can configure through the preferences dialog box. here i'll describe a couple of the most important ones. more ...



see it at amazon.com

















    custom search
  




copyright©2001- 2025 bucaro techelp 13771 n fountain hills blvd suite 114-248 fountain hills, az 85268



