










climate change connection














































 




















science
emissions
impacts
solutions
connections
resources









			connecting manitobans to climate 
			change facts and solutions
		



















science

general overview
how can we predict climate?
is the climate changing?
what about lag time?
what about water vapour?
what causes climate change?
what might happen in the future?
what was climate like in the past?
why must we prevent a 2ºc rise?
are humans the cause?


emissions

co2 equivalents
emissions reporting
ghg emissions – canada
ghg emissions – manitoba
ghg emissions – world
tailpipe emissions


impacts

agriculture impacts
business impacts
community impacts
ecosystems impacts
health impacts
lake winnipeg impacts
water impacts
weather impacts


solutions

adaptation
agriculture solutions
alternate energy sources
alternative heat energy
business solutions
carbon pricing
carbon sequestration
communities
government
home construction
international solutions
personal solutions
transportation
vision for the future
road to resilience: energy solutions
manitoba food rescue & emissions reduction project


connections

ccc staff
ccc steering committee
ccc steering committee chair
connection network


resources

community workshops
request a presentation
climate change boot camps
school resources
youth conferences
“idle free zone” signs
recommended reading










 

high school video challenge
						2024 manitoba high school video challenge. win up to $2000 in cash prizes!

learn more 



 

emissions in manitoba 4.8% above 2005 levels



emissions data for manitoba, as reported in the national inventory report, reveal that our province continues to fall behind in the global initiative to reach net zero. manitoba and alberta are the only provinces in canada where emissions have not decreased below the 2005 levels, the baseline year used to track progress. read more

 



 

new website! climate change educational resources!
						check out the new website of climate change resources part of the manitoba youth influencer challenge! learn more

 					



 

’let’s do something’: city to consider study to phase out natural gas
						the city could soon study how to phase out natural gas heat at all winnipeg buildings and swap in greener alternatives. the city’s climate action and resilience committee will debate the motion on oct. 28.

 					



 

why climate action groups are calling for geothermal heating in manitoba
						manitoba’s climate action team (cat) is calling on manitoba hydro to create a geothermal utility as a way to save residents money and reduce electricity demand.

read more

 					










https://youtu.be/tiorqaeecyk?si=dojyzevx7wj47fgnvideo can’t be loaded because javascript is disabled: speaking up: we really can live without fossil fuels (https://youtu.be/tiorqaeecyk?si=dojyzevx7wj47fgn)
we really can live without fossil fuels! curt hull, director, climate change connection presentation at speaking up october 19th, 2023 at x’cues in winnipeg. 














 

 

donate






 

 

request a presentation






 

 

school resources






 

 

newsletter






 

 

connection network






 

 

puzzled






 

 

cool tips






 

 

video archive






news archives +
news


surge in ocean heat is a sign climate change is accelerating
jan. 28, 2024 – new scientist – the surge in ocean temperatures to record-breaking levels in 2023 and 2024 is a sign that the pace of climate change has accelerated, say researchers.
global ocean temperatures hit record highs for 450 days straight in 2023 and early 2024. although some of the extra heat can be explained by an el niño weather pattern emerging in the pacific ocean, about 44 per cent of the record warmth is down to the world’s oceans absorbing heat from the sun at an accelerating rate, according to chris merchant at the university of reading, uk.
+


how hot will 2025 be? it could rival 2024’s record, canadian officials warn
jan. 15, 2025 – the canadian press – this year’s average global temperature is expected to rival 2024’s record-breaking heat, canadian officials said wednesday, underlining humanity’s narrowing window to hit an international target intended to help avert some of climate change’s most serious effects.
+


new on this site


global warming of 1.6c now best case scenario, new research shows
aug. 19, 2024 – new scientist  -humanity’s goal of limiting global warming to 1.5°c above pre-industrial levels, which has been totemic in climate policy for the past decade, is now almost certainly out of reach.


fossil fuel subsidies cost canadians a lot more money than the carbon tax
apr. 1, 2024 – the conversation canada – the federal carbon tax increase is now in effect, and will raise gas prices by three cents per litre in most canadian provinces. the hike prompted complaints from seven premiers and a recent parliamentary showdown, culminating in a failed vote of non-confidence in the liberal government. yet this ongoing debate overlooks a far costlier carbon tax: fossil fuel subsidies.



news archives+



linkedin






fresh stories


						inspiring local stories & videos					




idle free zone signs


						get your idle free zone signs					




resources for schools


						resources for schools					





















donate






request a presentation






school resources






newsletter






connection network






puzzled






cool tips






video archive







we operate thanks to donations from people like you and support from:













about
contact
sitemap
legal
privacy
donate



a project on makeway's shared platform











        

   			copyright © 2025

page last updated: april 2, 2024





 

















