



guide to online tarps, canopies, and vehicle covers









     
 
    
that covers it !  
       
     
  
  
  home
  tarps
      poly 
tarps       mesh 
      canvas
 
canopies       pop-ups 
      shade canopies 
      party tents  garage 
kits  
      portable 
garages 
      car 
canopy 
      rv shelters  
vehicle 
covers       car 
covers       truck 
covers       boat 
covers       rv 
covers   
 
 
  what's 
new   searching 
for online camo tarps 
?need 
help picking the right motorcycle 
cover ?..
  more 
info  site 
map  resources
 add 
your articleprivacy 
policy     
   
 
your guide to tarps, canopies, and covers
need tarps ? how about a cover for 
your car or boat ? or a canopy shelter ? confused about the variety of types, 
materials, and construction ? looking for a specific material or the right fabric 
for a special purpose? then you've arrived at the right place ! if 
you are looking for a quality tarpaulin or shelter, then you know that the net 
is flooded with small shops trying to manufacture and sell their own products. 
so when thinking about what you need, consider the reputation of the supplier. 
there are a handful of companies that have both the size and the reputation to 
backup the quality of their materials.that-covers-it.com 
will not only show you the very best selection of tarp coverings and canopy shelters 
available online, but we'll also point you to the best suppliers, known for their 
quality. rather than simply a list of 
sizes, colors, and construction materials, you'll find valuable tips, descriptions, 
and guidelines to help you make the right choice among the many variations that 
are available. browse through these 
pages for information about fabric characteristics, best uses, and the most responsive 
suppliers for heavy duty tarps and coverings, garage kits, pop-up tents, and even 
vehicke covers to protect your car, truck, atv, or rv. 
making the right choicetarps 
are also found in different strengths, construction styles, and sizes. all provide 
great protection from sun and extreme weather, and some are also treated to resist 
moisture, mildew, and rotting. you'll also find a range of colors, especially 
in polyethylene, 
including blue, white, black, brown, green,and silver.the 
grand-daddy fabric is canvas, 
and can be found with chemical treatments to make it mildew resistant, water proof, 
and flame resistant. mesh 
tarps are usually made with vinyl or laminated polyester, is 
available in a different colors and degree of sun and wind protection.canopies
have a multitude of styles, colors, and sizes. the pop 
up canopies are the top choice for craft fares and backyard 
gatherings. if you're looking for party 
tents, there are great choices from the small pop up shelters, 
to the larger and very stylish  
shade canopies. of 
course, your vehicle needs protection from the elements too, and durable car 
covers, provide maximum protection at the least cost. we also 
give you recommendations for standard and custom fit covers for your truck, 
boat, 
or rv.there 
are also several top-quality and easy-to-setup  
garage kits and portable 
car canopies that provide either an inexpensive overhead shelter, 
or more complete vehicle enclosure and protection for almost any vehicle.rather 
than surfing through a sea of websites, all offering unneeded matrials and tools, 
you can now easily find just those suppliers that can deliver what you need within 
just a few days, and at the best possible prices.  i'll 
show you: a variety of 
covers and canopies, and how they differ. (just browse the pages on this site.)how 
to match your need to the right material. (follow some basic guidelines.)where 
to find the best prices. (i'll give you specific recommendations.)sources 
of specialty and hard-to-find coverings. (more specific recommendations.)
 unfortunately, the right one 
is not always available at the local supply house. so browse around, and we'll 
make your search a lot easier !be 
sure to bookmark us and come back often.  
       copyright 
2012 - that covers it ! - all rights reserved   
   
 
 


