





homepage - phone, cloud, broadband, security and managed services for businesses | lingo















































































skip to content







 talk to an expert: 888-445-4646 











support 







login 















 
 












solutions





connect, collaborate, get more work done. modern all-in-one phone system, fast broadband connecting all of your locations with the security and service assurance you need to protect your business.

 
 




business communications

cloud business phonecloud contact center solutionsfire, life & safetyanalog line replacementcloud sip & pritraditional phonemicrosoft teams integration 
 


connectivity

broadband & fiber5g wirelessbroadband facts 
 


security

sd-wansecurity 
 


tech support

tech support services 
 
 




 
 




 

 


high performance security solutions redefined. powered by sophos, delivered by lingo.
save up to 25%


 
 

industry





a technology platform designed to be customized the lingo technology platform is built from the ground up to enable you excede the requirements of your marketplace.

 
 




industry solutions

financial serviceshealthcareretailrestaurants 
 


 all industries need
fast and reliable broadband.
discover the end-to-end experience of serenity
broadband solutions.
prices reduced up to 40%


 
 

resources





resources

knowledge basespeed testuc apps download 
 
 

partnersresidentialabout





about

meet lingoexecutive teammanagement teampress releasescareers 
 
 

 
























 











enable teams to work together & get the information they need to do their best work. 



anywhere. anytime. any device. 










contact sales















 



business communications | connectivity | security | tech support 











 







simply the best 5g coverage 



lingo uses the nation’s top 3 5g networks to deliver the fastest 5g wherever you are, dual-sim equipped for wireless-to-wireless failover.
 






learn more















lingo voice for teams 



make and receive calls on your familiar teams dialer, with the trusted reliability, savings and support from lingo 



unlimited us domestic calling starts at $10/user/mo 







 
 



















learn more














contact sales











 














meet lingo 



everything for your business 



							lingo uses its technology and experience to help
businesses address the challenges that matter to
them, with an enterprise-grade platform that
delivers exceptional service to a start-up business
and scales to the largest multi-national
organizations.						







 











 







"brandon was an outstanding advocate for your company and went over and above at assisting my business with new phones and porting the lines over from another carrier. the experience was seamless and our business phones never lost connection, saving us money and time. i will recommend your company, because of the personalized focus brandon provided!" 



noelle s. 











modern business communication essentials 







 



insync 



							managed securtity redefined						





 









 



cloud phone 



way more than just a business phone system 





 













 



serenity broadband 



							the industry’s best service delivery on broadband						





 









 



fire, life & safety 



							upgrade and save						





 























 





open for business
 



							us-based support available 365/7/24						









 





next level onboarding 



							with 20+ years of experience serving businesses, our onboarding is customized around the way you do business.						









 





net promoter score 



lingo consistently places at or above the 95th percentile in our industry. 















lingo technology partners 







 







 







 







 











 







 







 







 















"we’ve been using lingo to upgrade and replace our phone service, internet, failover internet, and phone systems, and to install sd-wan in all our locations. we are almost complete with the rollout and it has been a fantastic solution and also a huge cost savings to us.”  



restaurant chain client 







 















 







powerful solutions to accelerate the growth of your business 










contact sales























 







lingo and bullseye telecom came together in august 2022 to create a single source communications and cloud technology leader. with over two decades ofexperience serving 120,000 customers, from1-location clients to multi-national organizations,we’ve earned 99% retention and the ability to meetthe requirements of your business. 





 















 



 











							solutions						



 


cloud business phone




broadband & fiber




5g wireless




broadband facts




sd-wan




security




wireless data backup




fire, life, safety




analog line replacement




ms teams integration




cloud sip & pri




traditional phone











							industry						






banking & financial




healthcare




restaurants




retail











							resources						






knowledge base




speed test




uc apps download











							partners						






channel partner program




legacy bullseye portal




legacy lingo portal











							about						






meet lingo




executive team




management team




careers




lingo legal and regulatory















 


linkedin-in
 










© 2025 lingo telecom, llc, 25925 telegraph rd., suite 210, southfield, mi 48033-2518. all rights reserved. 


















 








































