















office of research | fsu office of research























skip to main content




research and creative activity

skip to main content











fsu | office of research





search fsu
navigation
















select search type

this site
fsu sites
student directory
faculty & staff directory
departments & services



search


search





















academics
admissions
research
faculty
students
veterans
support fsu














research and creative activity




















national academy of sciences member and acclaimed spatial data scientist joins florida state university

read more  about national academy of sciences member and acclaimed spatial data scientist joins florida state university 












fsu to host third annual festival of the creative arts

read more  about fsu to host third annual festival of the creative arts 












fsu’s native american and indigenous studies center welcomes two tribes of florida for shared symposium

read more  about fsu’s native american and indigenous studies center welcomes two tribes of florida for shared symposium 












associate professor jenny root receives prestigious presidential early career award for scientists and engineers

read more  about associate professor jenny root receives prestigious presidential early career award for scientists and engineers 



















what is fsu research and creative activity?
analyzing the long-term effects of the 2010 deepwater horizon oil spill. understanding how people make decisions. exploring new filmmaking techniques. pushing the boundaries of alternative energy. producing new and inspiring creative works of art. these are just a small sampling of the different types of research and creative activities taking place at fsu on a daily basis.
research and creative activity is about discovery. it’s about having an idea and finding the right environment in which to explore that idea. at fsu, we take great pride in our ability to provide supportive environments for the exploration of all types of ideas; and with approximately $414 million in research expenditures each year, and more than 50 prominent research centers and institutes calling our campuses home, fsu continues to be one of the top idea-incubators in the nation.







florida state research highlights






 






fsu research fact


 $414 million

the total research expenditures for fsu, which includes federal, state and other funding sources. these funds are used by student and faculty researchers to gain new knowledge and pursue new discoveries in a multitude of areas. the ultimate goal of their research? to save lives, improve society and help drive human advancement.


 










areas of interest

office of research
fsu faculty information
undergraduate research
graduate student research
research centers and institutes
annual research statistics
research training and resources
aspire






thank you for celebrating fsu research!



fsu research makes news

1/28/25'shrimp fraud' rampant at many gulf coast restaurants, new studies find (usa today)
1/8/25will florida court ruling end homeowners insurance crisis (newsweek)
1/18/25bird flu outbreak has reached maryland. how concerned should we be? (miami herald)
1/24/25new study reveals dairy's complicated role in blood pressure, cholesterol levels—what you need to know (health)

more research news




 


















address
3012 westcott north tallahassee, florida 32306 maps


contact
email: research@magnet.fsu.edu phone: 850-644-9694 see directory for a full list of research offices



office hours
monday - friday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm est


 

technical problems?
 public records requests





 










                            © florida state university
                            tallahassee, fl 32306
                        



fsu directory assistance
questions or comments





privacy policy
copyright





like florida state on facebook
follow florida state on instagram
follow florida state on twitter"
follow florida state on youtube
connect with florida state on linkedin
more fsu social media


 cookie preferences




                © florida state university | tallahassee, fl 32306 | 850-644-9694
            





×



×















