











delaware highlands conservancy in ny & pa



































































 


skip to content


























van scott nature reserve  donate now









about





our storywhat we dostaffboard of directorsfounder’s messagecareers 


the van scott nature reserve

trailsrules for visitorsinterpretive trail guideland acknowledgmentdedicate a bench at the van scott nature reservevision for the conservation education center 
contact us 


 
 

connect & learn





our programswomen and their woodsgreen lodging partners 


pike-monroe woodland owners groupscholarshipspartnerships 


 
 

membership & support





get involvedleaving a legacyriver clubfinancialsvolunteer opportunitiescorporate sponsorships 


give a gift nowsupport our work monthly 


 
 

news & events





calendar of eventsconservation newsnewsletters & annual reports 


resourcesmedia librarylove where you live 


 
 

landowner corner





protecting your land

what’s special about your land?conservation easementsfinancial benefits of conservation easementsprocess to protect your landgetting startedfrequently asked questionslandowner inquiry form 
 


caring for your land

landlines newsletter archiveresources & links for landownersannual monitoringforest management plansfrequently asked questions: stewardshipconfronting natural gasconservation buyer program 
 


landowner stories 
 

eagles





eagles in our regioneagle habitatresident breeding eagleswintering eagles 


eagle watching

on your ownguided excursionseagle etiquettemapdirectionseagle nests 
 


eagle resourcesour partners 
 

van scott nature reservedonate now




















 















 
healthy forests protect...our clean drinking water and connect kids and families to nature.


learn more



 


 
working farms provide...fresh, healthy food and help make our local economy strong.


learn more



 


 
just like us, eagles need...healthy forests and clean water to thrive.


learn more



 


 
the conservancy protects...our lands, waters, and quality of life, now and for future generations.


learn more



 






























programs & events










view all happenings



















february 22 • 10:00 am - 3:00 pm
eagle watch bus tour









march 14 • 1:00 pm - 2:30 pm
wandering invaders: the movement of invasive species









march 15 • 1:00 pm - 2:00 pm
animal babies!
























what's new










read all news

























january 8, 2025
rose valley forest in sullivan county, ny protected












stay current






receive our monthly enews filled with event announcements, programs and info on the places you care about the most.







signup today
























































explore, enjoy, & learn about nature with us






the 144-acre van scott nature reserve in beach lake, wayne county, pa is the headquarters of the delaware highlands conservancy.
with three miles of walking trails through diverse habitats, it is a welcoming, accessible place for people of all ages to learn about, explore, and enjoy nature.







visit us

































connect & learn















green lodging





scholarships





drinks for the delaware





women & their woods





























the green lodging partnership allows guests at participating hotels to contribute to the conservancy with every reservation and help protect the beautiful lands, pristine waters, and outdoor recreational opportunities that make the upper delaware river region special.







find a place to stay


























 
















scholarships






the vanessa joy van gorder memorial scholarship is awarded annually to students pursuing a field in environmental studies or education in college.
the scholarship is open to students in school districts bordering the upper delaware river in ny and pa.







learn more


























 
























connect & learn






drinks for the delaware offers residents and visitors to our region the opportunity to contribute directly to the protection of our clean drinking water with every sip.







learn more


























 
























women and their woods is a dynamic and fun program that teaches effective conservation stewardship, instilling in women landowners a sense of confidence in their abilities to meet the challenges of forestland ownership.







learn more


























 



















our key values

















protecting our communities’ lands for sustainability and resiliency






















natural habitat




















working farms




















clean waters




















heritage




















community recreation

















now and for future generations






conserving nature together, forever.






together we protect working farms and forests, clean waters, wildlife habitat, and sustainable local economies.







what we do






















over 19,000 acres protected











protected lands equal healthy families and communities. become a conservation hero by donating today or joining our monthly giving program.










support our work



















with thanks to our....







corporate sponsors













    









 














delaware highlands conservancy











pennsylvania office – headquarters






van scott nature reserve
571 perkins pond rd
beach lake, pa 18405
570-226-3164







email us











new york office






erlwein farms
70 earl myers rd
jeffersonville, ny 12748
new york office hours are by appointment only.
po box 219
narrowsburg, ny 12764
845-583-1010









stay connected

































enews signup




















support our programs











making careful use of your support.







learn more












 
 































  








© 2025 delaware highlands conservancy.   sitemap   privacy policy    design: w design









 

scroll to top





















