










home | institute of governmental studies






















skip to main content









toggle navigation










                                      institute of governmental studies                                  



 



search terms 


 submit search

 

about  




igs was created a century ago to provide research expertise to the legislature regarding public issues of the day.  our core mission remains promoting interdisciplinary research with a principal focus on american and california governance, politics, and policy. we bring together faculty members and students from across the berkeley campus with an interdisciplinary focus not easily replicated by a single department 

overview
mission & history
people
donate
contact
 





events  






overview
research seminars
events calendar
past events
barbara boxer lecture series
matsui lectureship
election events
 





newsroom  




 we are committed to establishing igs as the place to go for informed analyses and discussions of the important policy and political challenges facing both california and the nation by amplifying the work and accomplishments of our esteemed students, faculty, and leaders. 

overview
igs news
igs in the news
blog: igs fellows in the world
igs newsletters
igs mini-podcasts
 





research  






overview
research centers and programs
berkeley igs poll
publications
seminars
igs diversity and entrepreneurship initiative
 





matsui center  




our mission is anchored by the belief in the transformational power of public service.  igs’s robert t. matsui center for politics & public service encompasses innovative student programming, internships, and experiential learning programs to provide opportunities and networks for outstanding students, nurturing a new and more diverse set of leaders for california and the nation. 

overview
about the matsui center
programs & fellowships
matsui advisory committee
group study room
 





student opportunities  






overview
awards & grants
fellowships
democracy camp
public service career resources
student faq
 





library  




 the igs library is one of the nation’s major collections in public administration, public affairs, and public policy. the library holds more than 400,000 volumes and is a depository for california local government documents. 

overview
access, reserves, interlibrary loan
special collections
california local government documents
local digitization project
california ballot proposition guides
cal-in-sac project resources
bimi cultures in community program mural
 















 







 








 













please join us on friday, february 28th, for the 2025 percy-synar awards ceremony, as our 2025 awardees share their research on various issues affecting u.s. public policy. 








      check out the latest igs poll here!    







click to sign up for our newsletter! 
























event: 3-14-25 rei lópez-sanders
rsvp via eventbrite to the next race, ethnicity, and immigration colloquium

















welcome our new matsui center program manager!
we're excited to have rubin rubin joining the team! click to learn more about them here!

















public service career resources
check out our list of career opportunities, internships, and tools for job preparedness!



















video: 9-30-24 rei clarno/muñiz
missed this seminar? it's now live on youtube!

















video: 10-29-24 rei wong
click to watch the october 29th race, ethnicity, and immigration colloquium event recording

















need a place to study? check out the igs library reading room!
spring hours: mon-fri 9am-5pm, tues closed 4pm, fri closed 11am-12pm














      upcoming events!    

 







      igs in the news    



december 1, 2024

 dec 01 
 igs co-director schickler connects californians' "heightened sense of public disorder" to election of new la district attorney hochman, cnn reports  
november 18, 2024

 nov 18 
 igs co-director eric schickler quoted in washington post article: california to lead a trump resistance again  
november 13, 2024

 nov 13 
 la times reports: igs poll on 2026 gubernatorial race shows name-recognition gives early advantage to vice president harris  



    more news  

 







      igs news    



january 21, 2025

 jan 21 
 ucdc fall 2024: reflecting on my time in dc - shaping my views on public service  

 jan 21 
 ucdc fall 2024: public service as a key to upholding democracy  
november 25, 2024

 nov 25 
 spotlight: the center for community innovation at igs equips small and mid-sized cities with data analysis and storytelling training to further equitable development  



    more news  

 








 
 
 
 
 









follow us:facebook
x (formerly twitter)
linkedin
youtube
instagram
 






home
accessibility
contact us
subscribe to our mailing list!
 








about
events
newsroom
research
matsui center
student opportunities
library
















powered by open berkeley
accessibility statement
nondiscrimination policy statement
privacy statement
copyright © 2025 uc regents; all rights reserved




back to top








