


biofilter systems - biofiltration for water systems











biofilter systems has developed the most advanced, 
          yet cost-effective, biofilter technology available 
          today for removing nitrogenous and 
          phosphorus waste from water. 
through a unique combination of biology and 
          technology, biofilter systems quiksand™

          concentrates and enhances wastewater access 
          to naturally occurring organisms, providing 
          on-site treatment by virtue of 
a single, filter technology. 

 
        the quiksand delta
 is the most advanced fluidized bed filter available. click here
        to learn more about how it works.









how important is removing nitrogenous 
              and phosphorus waste from water?
a billion people worldwide lack access to an improved water supply. 
              in excess of two billion people lack access to improved sanitation, 
              thus contributing an overwhelming amount of nitrogen pollution to 
              the water table. the united nations (un) environmental report geo 
              2000 says that our global water shortage represents a full-scale 
              emergency where “the world water cycle seems unlikely to be 
              able to adapt to the demands that will be made of it in the coming 
              decades” (unep, 1999). 
even where there is enough water to meet current needs, many rivers, 
              lakes and groundwater resources are becoming increasingly polluted 
              by agriculture, industry and, most frequently, by human waste (some 
              2 million tons a day are disposed of in watercourses) — the 
              most non-trivial sources of nitrogenous and phosphorus waste in 
              our water today. 
meeting un objectives to redress our global emergency will mean 
              that approximately 125 million people each year until 2015 will 
              require access to improved sanitation. by using biotechnology that 
              concentrates and enhances wastewater access to naturally occurring 
              organisms that remove nitrogenous and phosphorus waste from water, 
              the biofilter systems technology can be an extremely vital component 
              in solving our worldwide crisis. 
clean water is possible. biology + technology is making it so. 
biofilter systems is the wastewater 
              technology for on-site human waste, aquaculture, agriculture and 
              industry.
 









home  >>  about 
        us   >>  technology  >>  contact 
        info  >>  ©2005–2025 biofilter.com  






home
about us
technology
products

bioremediation
aquatic library
contact us




       
      






