



oliver willis | like kryptonite to stupid























































 

























skip to content 



oliver willis

 

menu 




menu 
home
about
join the list
willis report
mom
controversy explained
 










companies bowing to trump and musk: scandals and controversies 
february 13, 2025 by oliver willis 


apple apple resumed advertising alongside twitter’s nazi content. “apple this month started advertising on x for the first time in more than a year. the company had stopped advertising on the social media platform in november 2023 following controversial remarks made by its owner elon musk.” [macrumors]


categories scandals and controversies leave a comment 





trump second term scandals and controversies 
february 13, 2025february 10, 2025 by oliver willis 


tracking scandals and controversies in donald trump’s second term as president of the united states, which began on january 20 2025. media scandals trump fcc launched investigation of comcast (msnbc parent). “the fcc, the agency that regulates the media and telecommunications industry, said in a letter dated tuesday that it would open the inquiry into … read more


categories scandals and controversies leave a comment 





meta scandals and controversies 
january 8, 2025 by oliver willis 


tracking scandals and controversies involving meta, the parent company of facebook, instagram, and threads. meta changed content policy, allowing women to be called household objects. “users are now allowed to, for example, refer to “women as household objects or property” or “transgender or non-binary people as ‘it,’” according to a section of the policy prohibiting … read more


categories scandals and controversies 





donald trump second term scandals and controversies 
december 10, 2024 by oliver willis 


donald trump’s second term as president of the united states began on january 20, 2025 after he won the 2024 presidential election. this is a catalog of all the scandals and controversies occurring in trump’s second term. trump media scandals and controversies trump heads trump media, also runs sec overseeing the company. “when trump takes … read more


categories scandals and controversies 





alina habba: scandals and controversies 
december 9, 2024 by oliver willis 


alina habba is donald trump’s presidential counselor. she previously served as his private lawyer. this is a catalog of scandals and controversies involving alina habba. habba cheered billionaires running the government under trump. “in a fox news interview on friday, habba spoke about the appointment of billionaires, praising them for helping to “clean up a … read more


categories scandals and controversies 





matt gaetz: scandals and controversies 
april 19, 2024 by oliver willis 


tracking scandals and controversies involving rep. matt gaetz, republican congressman from florida. investigation: gaetz was at party with minor, drugs. “according to a sworn written statement that has been obtained by the ethics committee, a woman says that in summer of 2017, when she was 20 years old, she attended a party in florida that … read more


categories scandals and controversies 





turning point usa: scandals and controversies 
april 18, 2024 by oliver willis 


tracking scandals and controversies involving turning point usa, the political group led by conservative pundit charlie kirk. turning point action turning point action official resigned after election fraud allegations. “state rep. austin smith (r) — who was senior director at turning point action, the campaign arm of charlie kirk’s turning point usa — was accused … read more


categories scandals and controversies 





turning point action: scandals and controversies 
april 18, 2024 by oliver willis 


tracking scandals and controversies involving the conservative activist group turning point action. turning point action is a part of the group led by conservative activist charlie kirk, turning point usa. turning point action official resigned after election fraud allegations. “state rep. austin smith (r) — who was senior director at turning point action, the campaign … read more


categories scandals and controversies 





michigan republican party: scandals and controversies 
april 16, 2024 by oliver willis 


tracking scandals and controversies involving the michigan republican party. michigan gop chair pete hoekstra works for anti-muslim institute. “while serving as chair of the michigan republican party, pete hoekstra has also been working for the anti-muslim gatestone institute, which has posted commentaries suggesting that muslims are incompatible with the west, declaring “islam is a problem,” … read more


categories scandals and controversies 





jonathan turley: scandals and controversies 
april 15, 2024 by oliver willis 


tracking scandals and controversies involving conservative legal pundit jonathan turley. turley claimed prosecuting donald trump for crimes hurts average people. ““well, the more cases against trump, the less justice we receive as a people. you know, the opponents of trump would have been far better off with just one case, the mar-a-lago case. that’s based … read more


categories scandals and controversies 




 older posts

page1
page2
…
page49
next → 








© 2025 oliver willis • built with generatepress 










