


	welcome to acoem  | acoem









































  















menu






    about acoem
  



    overview
  



    acoem strategic plan
  



    acoem and oem history
  



    background
  



    governance
  



    2025 candidates
  



    governance documents
  



    board of directors
  



    house of delegates
  



    councils and committees
  



    get involved
  





    code of ethics
  



    justice, equity, diversity, and inclusion (jedi)
  



    occupational & environmental health foundation
  



    acoem annual awards
  



    staff
  





    membership
  



    overview
  



    benefits
  



    join or renew
  



    group membership
  



    for medical students
  



    international membership
  



    membership faqs
  



    component societies
  



    fellowship
  



    special interest sections
  



    partner organizations
  



    board certification
  



    acoem member directory
  





    why oem?
  



    why choose a career in oem?
  



    entering the field
  



    become an oem ambassador
  



    resources for uniformed services
  



    oem in the news
  





    careers
  



    learning
  



    overview
  



    courses & events
  



    board review
  



    webinars
  



    virtual fall summit
  



    program
  





    on-demand learning
  



    mro resources
  



    continuing certification program (ccp)
  



    continuing medical education
  



    teaching academy
  



    submit a course/webinar proposal
  



    joint providership
  



    oem competencies
  





    american occupational health conference (aohc)
  



    aohc home
  



    exhibitors and sponsors
  



    future conferences
  



    past conferences
  





    advocacy
  



    overview
  



    public comments
  



    agenda for change
  



    federal and state relations
  





    guidance and position statements
  



    guidelines
  



    guidance and position statements
  



    joint statements/summit recommendations/proceedings
  



    reference materials/related oem documents
  





    practice resources
  



    overview
  



    acoem grant review process
  



    basic occupational health guide
  



    clinician well-being
  



    commercial driver medical examiner center
  



    covid-19 resource center
  



    emergency preparedness & management center
  



    global medicine center
  



    health and productivity management center
  



    marijuana resources
  



    medical review officer center
  



    member marketing materials
  



    niosh total worker health®
  



    practice guidelines center
  



    public safety medicine center
  





    press center
  



    publications
  



    overview
  



    steps to publishing an acoem paper
  



    journal of occupational and environmental medicine
  



    acoem quarterly
  



    acoem enews
  





    partner with acoem
  



    social media
  



    store
  



    acoem merchandise
  



login
acoem community
become a member
learning
contact us














log in


join acoem


community


learning


contact us


search








submit













acoem is improving the care and well-being of workers through science and the sharing of knowledge.



                
education:



              



register for aohc 2025 - austin​
​​aohc 2025 exhibit & sponsorship opportunities
guidance for medical evaluation of public safety employees previously leo guidance
acoem's online learning center





 

for acoem members:





meet your acoem leaders
read the latest issue of acoem quarterly – winter 2025
discover career opportunities - oem explore
medical students: enter the essay contest!  






 

for prospective members:




why choose a career in oem?
midcareer entry into oem
resident and medical student resources
profiles in oem created and maintained by acoem members






join acoem or renew
find a provider
vaccine info
mdguidelines®











occupational and environmental medicine (oem)
oem is a board-certified specialty under preventive medicine that focuses on the diagnosis and treatment of work-related injuries and illnesses.

learn about oem career pathways explore oem jobs










              continuing education center
            

              acoem offers a variety of educational offerings to meet your learning needs and style. learn about our live events, webinars, on-demand learning, board prep, and moc. 
            
view educational opportunities






              acoem community
            

              the place for acoem members to share ideas, feedback, and connect with peers.
            
join the community






             championing the health and safety of workers
            

              acoem works closely with organizations and expert medical professionals to advance the legislative priorities that matter most to our members.
            
see our advocacy efforts











acoem is the champion for physicians and workers in safe workplaces and quality environments
founded in 1916, the american college of occupational and environmental medicine (acoem) is the nation’s largest medical society dedicated to promoting the health of workers through preventive medicine, clinical care, research, and education.

read acoem recent news and press releases
understand our advocacy efforts






         you could be featured here!
        

         acoem is looking for our next member spotlight. could it be you?
        
become an acoem member











upcoming events and annual conferences









7.5 cme credits
            


april 26, 2025 - april 26, 2025

medical center occupational health course
jw marriott austin




webinar

1.0 cme credits
            


february 20, 2025 - february 20, 2025

enhancing workplace health and safety with physiological monitoring
webinar




see all events and conferences










 view joem





january 2025


journal of occupational and environmental medicine







editor's pick


a longitudinal analysis of long working hours and the onset of psychological distress


ezekekwu, emmanuel phd; johnson, christopher phd; karimi, seyed phd; lorenz, doug phd; antimisiaris, demetra pharmd, bcgp, fascp






editor's pick


incorporating lifestyle medicine into occupational medicine practice: acoem guidance statement


acoem's presidential task force on lifestyle medicine and oem practice












featured practice resources





            commercial driver medical examiner center
          

  commercial driver medical examiners (cdmes) play a vital role in promoting the safety of america's roadways by ensuring that commercial motor vehicle (cmv) operators are physically qualified to drive.       
  
visit the cdme center






            public safety medicine center
          

  acoem publishes guidance for medical providers who evaluate public safety employees (e.g., law enforcement officers (leos), correctional officers, and ems personnel) and candidates in order to make medical qualification recommendations.       
  
 subscribe to guidance






            medical review officer center
          

  medical review officers (mros) review results from drug-testing programs and evaluate medical explanations for certain results. acoem is the educational provider of choice for mros.
        
  
visit the mro center




access practice resources










acoem news




1/8/2025 12:00:00 am


announcing the acoem board of directors 2025-2026 leadership team!


      congratulations to the winners of the acoem 2025-2026 board of directors election! those elected will officially take office during acoem’s annual membership meeting at aohc 2025 in austin, texas. officers serve one-year terms, the treasurer serves a two-year term, and directors serve three-year terms unless otherwise noted.
    






1/3/2025 12:00:00 am


post-covid conditions in health care workers: rates and risk factors


      a new, prospective study in joem reports 27% incidence of 'long covid' symptoms.
    






12/4/2024 12:00:00 am


artificial intelligence in occupational medicine: the research so far


      despite ongoing dialogue about the implications of artificial intelligence (ai) in healthcare, growing evidence supports the potential utility of ai models in clinical settings.
    





view all news



















acoem

  25 northwest point blvd, suite 700
  
  elk grove village, illinois, 60007-1030
  
phone: (847) 818-1800
  






visit us on facebook



visit us on linkedin



visit us on twitter



visit us on vimeo



visit us on youtube






about acoemmembershipcareerslearningadvocacyguidance and position statementspractice resourcesstore






join our mailing list





contact usfind a providersitemapprivacy policy



        copyright © 2025  american college of occupational and environmental medicine (acoem), all rights reserved.
      


back to top
        







 




