






red pearl yoga – breathe, stretch, become












































































home
studio
teachers
schedule
classes
contact
pricing
 




















 











 







homestudioteachersscheduleclassescontactpricing






















non-heated yoga since 2002 and back in our og space in victoria park
new classes start 2/18 with will and adelina. check our schedule on the mb app
kundalini awakening activation 
with 
melissa muccisaturday, 02/22/25 2:30-4:15pm  $60clear some space for yourself to create 2025 and beyond…take time to go within, clear the mind of chatter, release tensions from the body, elevate your energy, and heighten self awareness & intuition.
did you know that a kundalini activation can feel similar to a plant medicine trip– minus all the ugly purging. and, unlike psychedelics, you can pull yourself out of an activation at any time rather than being under the influence for hours on end.
this elevated energy can help release negative emotions and clear energetic blockages in the body. it is an energetic purge that enables free flow of our energy to help us feel lighter, freer, happier & less stressed.
sometimes during these sessions the body will move involuntarily to help the energy clear out, or we can have visions, or experience emotional release. every activation is a different experience, and everyone’s experience varies.
we will have a short discussion/ intro, and then a few minutes of breathwork before the activation.
please bring water, yoga mat or soft mat.
fasting: do not eat, or drink anything but water at least one hour before the session.
sign up here!

the benefits:feel more balanced & energizedincreased vitality & creativity enhanced intuition & clarityreduce stress & anxietyrelease energetic blocks keeping you stuck in old patterns reduce & or release physical paindeepen your spiritual connectionstates of deep peace/bliss
home





rpy newsscroll down for latest news. updated 2/17/25
nope. we do not heat our classes. welcome will and adelina. new classes! 
6:30am slow flow sunrise hour tues/thurs with adelina. 9am vinyasa with will-tues/thurs  starting 2/18/25hey first timers!  2 deals to get you started. first class is a bogo:  $25/2. you’ll have a month to enjoy that 2nd class!(no sharing/extensions) also your first month of unlimited classes  is $99- check out all of our teachers and classes and find your vibe.weather, life’s little surprises- sometimes we have to cancel a class last minute. check mindbody schedule before you come in-whether you sign up ahead or you are a walk-in. 
have a time sensitive question? leave a vm or text on our studio number. everything else, send us an email!parking
 meters / free street parking( just a short walk). meters may be free certain times/days so please check  before paying. please do not park in any lots in the area. will be towed.join our mailing listsign up to stay in the know about our schedule, events, specials and more! we never share your info and you can unsubscribe anytime.
full name *email *select list(s) to subscribe tomaster list example: yes, i would like to receive emails from red pearl yoga. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact







follow us 











		copyrights & copy; 2021 redpearlyoga.com. all rights reserved.





























































