




corsica isula – explore the beautiful corsica
































skip to main content









home
blog
essentials 

facts
symbols
weather
wildlife


holidays 

activities
budget
guide
historic places
restaurants


pages 

politics and public life
traditional music
food and drinks
mountains and outdoor
symbols and mystique
frequently asked questions
the corsican language


about us
contact us



open mobile menu










corsica - isula 
							welcome to 
							welcome to corsica isula, the feather on the cap of the mediterranean sea. 
							 


corsican food and drinks 
							learn more about 
							with a rich and diverse gastronomy, corsican food is often called “du terroir” in french which denotes to something produced locally.  
							read more 
							 


corsican symbols and mystique 
							know more about 
							the mystiques not only carry significant symbolic importance in daily life but also define the spiritual characteristics.  
							read more 
							 


mountains and outdoor 
							experience the corsican 
							although a mediterranean island, corsica is inherently a mountainous area with the dominant mountain range sprawling over 2000 meters.  
							read more 
							 













about us

welcome to corsica isula, the feather on the cap of the mediterranean sea. this french region on the southeastern french mainland faces italian peninsula and thereby, enjoys a steady tourist influx throughout the year from the region. as the territorial collectivity under metropolitan france, corsica isula is more or less an autonomous region. while being a seaside attraction, corsica is also quite diverse in its landscape with the mountain chain sprawling over two-third of area.











the corsican language
the corsican language was an oral only language as per tradition but over the years, it has been taught well as well as researched thoroughly by songwriters and authors who have utilized the language in their works. so, as a matter of fact, you will find a number of written material in corsican language or langue corse (in french) now in hard copy as well as soft copy on the internet.


read more 


corsica traditional music
from religious chants to polyphonies, the musical journey of corsica has transformed over the ages but the traditional value has remained almost the same. while visiting corsica, you will find instance of a few musical performances.


read more 








all the finest brands of 2022






all girl massage – girls of this web’s most popular lesbian massage website are known for being lovers of our island. what could be a better recommendation?



visit all girl massage









transsensual – beautiful, seductive and immersive. this is the most engaging ts entertainment content on the web. weekly updates of the explicit all gender fun!






bbcpie – are you ready to discover the world of internal creampies performed by hung black guys on white girls? it’s all about creampies in this 4k quality production!



visit bbcpie









my pervy family – all about step family encounters within its members. watch all kind of configurations and every single of them ending the same, sexual way.






anal4k – easily the best series when it comes to backdoor creampies. the biggest names in the industry are gathering to show you this mess in 4k quality. simply a must-see.



visit anal4k









mom is horny – watch them deal with their cravings in very bold ways. you don’t see moms like those everywhere and this very selection is thanks to bang bros crew.






transfixed – all you wanted to know about transgender fun but you weren’t brave enough. transfixed is here to bring you the new era of trans entertainment. launched back in 2019 it continues with new episodes filmed in 2021. come take a look!



visit transfixed









dfxtra – enjoy the intensity of action and outrageous pace in this interracial heaven of dogfart. what started in 1996 is still going strong!






accidental gangbang – 2022 needs to start with a bang, but when you execute idea of gangbangs with such scale…. take a look at the newest pilot series from adult time!



visit accidental gangbang









nubile films – the finest sensual erotica online. watch the essence of sensuality in these beautifully captured fantasies!






brazzers exxtra – the gold standard of today’s content presented by zz brand. watch the very best selection of actions, actors and places – in this daily updated gem!



visit brazzers exxtra



recent articles


understanding corsica’s weather and the best time to travelas a matter of fact, corsica’s coastal areas enjoy the pleasant mediterranean climate with dominant westerly, north-westerly and south-westerly winds.…the exciting mystique of corsica and what you can learn from them?if you delve deeper into the corsican mystiques, the contrapuntal island with its complex enigmas, anomalies, paradox, and defiance towards…interesting facts about this islanda liquid continent in itself –a mountainous island on the heart of the mediterranean sea; that is what corsica is.…5 exotic restaurants that offer a wide food varietydo you believe in live to eat or eat to live? corsica being a mediterranean island governed by france is…
page 1
page 2
page 3
next




where is corsica?
on the tyrrhenian sea of western mediterranean sea, corsica is a french territory that lies 160 kilometers southwest of french riviera, 82 kilometers west of tuscany coast and 14 kilometers north of sardinia in italy. it stands on same latitude as rome.


frequently asked questions 


corsica politics and public life
for starters, the basic fact that corsica is administered by france is enough before planning a visit to corsica. however, there are many misreporting and misinterpretation of corsican public life and politics, so are legends and myths, much of which is not appreciated outside the island.


read more 








contact us
on the crystalline blue mediterranean sea, the corsica island lies with its pristine glory that has long been a family vacationing spot, honeymooners’ paradise and movie shooting location throughout the years.


get in touch 










	copyright 2018 | cosica-isula | all rights reserved
privacy policy
terms & conditions
 

























