


free programming, sql data coding, computer science. it books

















tech books for free download




home
linux
java
microsoft
c and c++
perl/python
science
networking
database
security
assembly










sql data base tutorials
dotcom domains for sale
plsql data base tutorials








join our google group
add a book 


free books on assembly

paul graham's books collection

o'reilly open books project




        science and math database! equationsheet.com

wikibooks

free electrons - linux and embedded linux training
 
free developer books at planetpdf

ibm redbooks

free online smalltalk books

books in icon





 
        




          asset tracking 



          crm solutions


data 
          recovery



          disaster recovery & planning



          enterprise resource planning



          help desk software



          intranet strategies



          raid data recovery



          sun servers


voip



incorporate llc
computer games ipod
spanish computer joke
canada employment













free books on technology, computers, science
php reference: beginner to intermediate php 5
php programmers need of a 
          quick reference book. beginner and intermediate php coders with some experience in php, includes code using procedural php and standard
          syntax. book  covers areas of mail handling, file manipulation, regular expressions, mysql
          sessions, and cookies. author, mario lurig assumes you 
          understand the basics but are researching or needing a clarification on some php details. .first edition php 5+download pdf ref: php5 programming +online downloadable  pdf book
php 5 power programming
advanced feature introduction to the new php 5 and those programmers moving over to php 5 web designs. some php 5 basic language review with an introduction to php 5 syntax, good php 5 tutorial for website development programmers with multi-level languages looking to jump start with php 5.  ref: php programming language+online pdf book
the java tutorials
java online tutorial book offers a practical guide for programmers using the java programming language, updated for the jdk 7u25 release with the new jar file  attributes used to defend rich internet applications (rias) against unauthorized code repurposing. java tutorials book has  many working coding examples, programming lessons and related lessons grouped as trails. ref: java programming language+online java tutorials+examples+lessons.
sql essentials
sql essentials, mark mcilroy is a online book for beginner to intermediate level introduction of sql.




commands to retrieve data from data bases and query tables.
structured query language (sql) is an essential tool for database management for creating tables, inserting new data, updating existing databases and deleting data.
sql essential has a online database and a query box.
you can practice, test and learn queies on the sql database.
ref: sql query statements+sql commands+examples+pdf book








introduction to programming using java, sixth edition
 java textbook is on introductory programming. updated, the primary  benefit is to the beginner java programmer, with lots of java applets, most requiring java 5.0 + to function. book chapters cover programming; names and things, subroutines, objects and classes, introduction to gui programming, creating and using arrays ... advanced input/output: streams, files, and networking. also useful online book for the experienced programmer who wants to learn about java. ref:  java programming language, online java text book
essential skills for agile development
agile development, in particular, extreme programming (xp), has been gaining a lot of momentum because it can effectively address the problems plaguing software development such as mis-understanding customers' requirements, missing deadlines, over-budget, conflicts between customers and developers and poor maintainability of legacy systems. download button is below the list of chapter contents ref: extreme programming (xp): online pdf book
freebsd handbook
the freebsd newcomer will find that the first section of this book guides the user through the freebsd installation process and gently introduces the concepts and conventions that underpin unix. working through this section requires little more than the desire to explore, and the ability to take on board new concepts as they are introduced. once you have traveled this far, the second, far larger, section of the handbook is a comprehensive reference to all manner of topics of interest to freebsd system administrators. some of these chapters may recommend that you do some prior reading, and this is noted in the synopsis at the beginning of each chapter.
creating xpcom components
creating xpcom components is about gecko and about creating xpcom components for gecko-based applications. the book is principally a long tutorial that describes the steps you take to make your c++ code into a component that can be used in gecko, but it also discusses all of the tools, techniques, and technologies that make up xpcom.
the xpcom components book is arranged so that you can follow along and create your own components or learn about different xpcom topics individually.as in a reference work.
      for example, the introduction includes a discussion of components and what they are.
the first chapter-in which you compile the basic code and register it with mozilla-prompts a discussion of the relationship between components and modules, of xpcom interfaces, and of the registration process in general. xpcom abreviation stands for the cross platform component object model. ref: c++  programming, online c++ book
web-teaching, 2nd edition
web courses and web-based course supplements have popped up all over the world. no central force has yet emerged which dominates the field. indeed, nearly every college, from the large to the small, has become a player. tremendous, broad-based web-delivery activity has characterized the last few years of the 20th century. elementary students publish web-sites. teachers use web-pages to communicate with parents. web-commerce has flourished. the wave of web-commerce has paled that of web-teaching. the infrastructure that is emerging to support web-commerce ultimately will permit piggybacking of web-teaching. we can expect fast web access to be available in students' homes.
xforms - xml powered web forms
from the user’s perspective, xforms revolutionizes the way business critical information is collected and published on the web. a key consequence of this evolution is that information technologists can continue to model business data using abstract structures that are amenable to machine processing; xforms binds a user-friendly web browser interface to such abstract xml models, thereby empowering the end-user to edit and update these abstract structures. in this sense, xforms enables a standard web browser to associate editable views to the underlying xml models. this ability to view and edit xml documents from within a standard web browser is likely to prove a key empowering technology.
structure and interpretation of computer programs
the material in this book has been the basis of mit's entry-level computer science subject since 1980.




we had been teaching this material for four years when the first edition was published, and twelve more years have elapsed until the appearance of this second edition.
we are pleased that our work has been widely adopted and incorporated into other texts. we have seen our students take the ideas and programs in this book and build them in as the core of new computer systems and languages. 
        in literal realization of an ancient talmudic pun, our students have become our builders.
we are lucky to have such capable students and such accomplished builders.
practical file system design: the be file system
dominic giampaolo - file system design, online pdf book, provides details of file systems, low to high-level, topics related as the disk cache, file system, interface to the kernel, user-level apis which use features of the file system
advanced programming language design
this book stems in part from courses taught at the university of kentucky and at the university of wisconsin–madison on programming language design. there are many good books that deal with the subject at an undergraduate level, but there are few that are suitable for a one-semester graduate level course. this book is my attempt to fill that gap. the goal of this course, and hence of this book, is to expose first-year graduate students to a wide range of programming language paradigms and issues, so that they can understand the literature on programming languages.
practical php programming
you will have a thorough mastery of the ins and outs of php programming and development-related tasks, with particularly strong knowledge of forms, databases, and multimedia. you'll be able to design, develop, and deploy complex web-based solutions across several platforms. you'll have a good understanding of the uses php can be put to above and beyond handling forms. ref: php programming+online coding book.
successful lisp
i started writing this book six years ago in response to a publisher's inquiry about lisp books. part of their submission process involved my filling out what amounted to a market research form that disclosed all of the lisp books i knew about, their publication dates, and a brief synopsis of the strengths and weaknesses of each.
object-oriented software composition
over the part ten years, object-oriented technology has started to have a significant impact in industry. despite its many positive aspects, there have been some problems in successfully applying the technology to large projects, and in achieving adequate levels of flexibilitly and software reuse. based on the research of the object systems group in geneva, this book looks at a range of issues, from programming languages and systems through to tools, frameworks and methods. ref: object-oriented software + downloadable pdf book
parsing techniques - a practical guide
this 320-page book treats parsing in its own right, in greater depth than is found in most computer science and linguistics books. it offers a clear, accessible, and thorough discussion of many different parsing techniques with their interrelations and applicabilities, including error recovery techniques. unlike most books, it treats (almost) all parsing methods, not just the popular ones. 
ref: parsing (syntactic analysis): linkl downloads pdf book
mastering enterprise javabeans 3.0
(currently not available) published in july 2006, mastering ejb is now in its 4th edition including chapters on session beans and message-driven beans, ejb-java ee integration and advanced persistence concepts.  java persistence api and using pojo entities with ejb is also covered extensively. this book aims you give you a deep understanding of ejb 3.0.
practical php programming - by paul hudson
web scripting is a high-demand occupation with vast accessibility. often, php programmers learn from the ground up with little or no guidance, resulting in undeveloped coding methods and practices.  taken from the companion print book, “php in a nutshell,” this wiki-based guide allows for rapid dissemination of the right and wrong ways to author php programs.  it covers beginner and advanced topics, including xslt and multimedia applications, and allows for fast navigation and use thanks to the wiki platform. ref: php programming + online php 5.2 updated book
babel: a glossary of computer oriented abbreviations and acronyms - by irving kind
 the technological world is full of acronyms and abbreviations.  in the words of an anonymous prophet, “if it is computer oriented and if it doesn’t have an acronym, then it doesn’t exist.”  from ansi to zoo, understanding the fundamental concepts behind various languages, file types, and hardware requires knowing what those catchy terms represent.  “babel” is a comprehensive, handbook resource designed for the programmer or tech enthusiast with a need-to-know basis on everything related to the computer world.  the printed edition allows for fast, handy access to a resource that has served the tech community well for nearly 20 years.
handbook of algorithms and data structures
algorithms are the heart of any application used to sort and manipulate large amounts of data.  if you’re looking to brush up on the most efficient algorithms for various tasks, the “handbook of algorithms and data structures” is a great resource.  algorithms for basic operations, searches and sorts, arithmetic and direct selection are covered along with mass text manipulation and discussion of derived algorithms.  digesting this book can help a programmer become more adept at authoring their own effective algorithms in less time and with greater efficiency.
how to design programs: an introduction to computing and programming by matthias felleisenm robert bruce findler, matthew flatt, shriram krishnamurthi
“how to design programs” tackles the very basics of computer programming.  ranging from basic concepts such as conditional expressions to advanced programming techniques such as mutating structures, the book covers a variety of computer science and programming concepts.  a tough read for those not acquainted with advanced mathematics, it is suited for those with some basic understanding of fundamental computer science principles
sams teach yourself .net in 21 days - by jason beres
e-book is famous, focusing on key components that make up visual studio .net and the .net framework. well planned and comprehensive with chapters are laid out to finish the book in 21 days. e- book chapters are well-organized with summary, quiz, exercises at the end, with weekly glance and reviews at the end of each week.  all the chapters include examples in both visual basic .net and c# with some snapshots, making it useful for readers.
php editors! programming tools for php
mehdi achour, friedhelm betz, antony dovgal, nuno lopes, philip olson, georg richter, damien seguy, jakub vrana, and others - “php: hypertext preprocessor” is a general purpose scripting language used for website development and can be used with html. this free book is ike a reference guide, which contains installation details, language reference, php features and php function references. the books chapters have concise descriptions and code examples. for advanced programmers it can be good source of reference.
pl/sql user's guide and reference
using oracle,  have little choice to investigate this free pl/sql book download. pl/sql user's guide includes, data types, control structures, collection, records, cursor, packages, object types and  more. complete comprehensive guide. well written,  organized and covers all aspects of pl/sql; good download reference for pl/sql user's.
dive into greasemonkey
getting to grips with greasemonkey scripts, answering common questions, debugging, case studies, common questions and greasemonkey api references.
numerical recipes with fortran 90
note that numerical recipes in fortran 90 is considered to be volume 2 of the numerical recipes in fortran series. its chapter and page numbering continue where volume 1 (numerical recipes in fortran 77) leaves off. the material in volume 1 is not repeated in volume 2.
numerical recipes with fortran 77
pdf files of 20-chapter title on fortran 77
structure and interpretation of computer programs
the material in this book has been the basis of mit's entry-level computer science subject since 1980. we had been teaching this material for four years when the first edition was published, and twelve more years have elapsed until the appearance of this second edition. we are pleased that our work has been widely adopted and incorporated into other texts. we have seen our students take the ideas and programs in this book and build them in as the core of new computer systems and languages. in literal realization of an ancient talmudic pun, our students have become our builders. we are lucky to have such capable students and such accomplished builders.
an introduction to programming in emacs lisp- most of the gnu emacs integrated environment is written in the programming language called emacs lisp. the code written in this programming language is the software--the sets of instructions--that tell the computer what to do when you give it commands. emacs is designed so that you can write new code in emacs lisp and easily install it as an extension to the editor. gnu emacs is sometimes called an "extensible editor", but it does much more than provide editing capabilities. it is better to refer to emacs as an "extensible computing environment". however, that phrase is quite a mouthful. it is easier to refer to emacs simply as an editor.


open source development with cvs
if you've never used cvs (or any version control system) before, it's easy to get tripped up by some of its underlying assumptions. what seems to cause the most initial confusion about cvs is that it is used

for two apparently unrelated purposes: record keeping and collaboration. it turns out, however, that these two functions are closely connected. record keeping became necessary because people wanted to compare a

program's current state with how it was at some point in the past. for example, in the normal course of implementing a new feature, a developer may bring the program into a thoroughly broken state, where

it will probably remain until the feature is mostly finished. unfortunately, this is just the time when someone usually calls to report a bug in the last publicly released version. to debug the

problem (which may also exist in the current version of the sources), the program has to be brought back to a useable state. 
learning to program web tutor
have you become a computer expert, yet don’t have the foggiest idea how the programs you use everyday are constructed?  the “learning to program web tutor” is designed to introduce the experienced computer user to the world of programming through simple explanations grounded in terms the new programmer can understand.  it includes a general introduction to computer programming, its varied history , basic problem solving techniques, and the reasoning behind different types of computer programming concepts.
algorithms by s. dasgupta, c.h. papadimitriou, and u.v. vazirani
algorithms are one of the more challenging aspects of programming.  simply titled “algorithms,” this text provides a no-nonsense discussion of creating and deploying efficient algorithms.  starting with the conversion of roman numerals to decimals and proceeding to quantum algorithms, the authors pull no punches as each chapter plods through every type of algorithm structure.  the decomposition of graphs and their paths are covered, along with dynamic and linear techniques for developing more efficient devices for sorting, searching, and manipulating data.
programmed introduction to mips assembly language by bradley kjell

assembly language remains the fastest way for a human to program a computer outside of pure binary code.  with so many scripting languages and layers of libraries, it can be easy to forget the one language that stands above the fray by working at the lowest level possible.  if you’re tasked with programming the mips processor for lightning fast performance, this guide is a resource that will introduce you to the world of mips assembly language.  it emphasizes the topics needed to understand the architecture, including bits, bit patterns, operations on bit patterns and how bit patterns represent instructions and data.
how to design programs - an introduction to computing and programming
for beginners, this tech book is directed to those who have never learnt any computer programming and need to know the concept of programming. book doesn’t use any computer language, but explains the concept with easily comprehensible pseudo-code. divided into 2 parts – simple programming concepts illustrating variables, program constructs, data structures, etc and then complex programming like object oriented concept (abstraction), memory utilization, complex data-structures, etc. good insight on designing computer programs used universally by all the programs.
tricks of the java programming gurus
by glenn l. vanderburg, free java book for programmers to expand their knowledge and learn new capabilities of the java language.  ways to code java in an optimized way and get the product into production asap. find ways to make programs fun faster and tighter ... variables, multimedia, image rendering and data retrieval java topics covered in this java download book.
php manual: php editors! programming tools for editors: or “php: hypertext preprocessor”
is a general purpose scripting language used for website development and can be used with html. this free tech book download is more like reference guide, which contains installation details, language reference, php features and function references. the book chapters are concise description and code example with some reference as it shows in the man command at unix or linux environment. for advanced programmers, it is a good source of reference.
alphabetical list of freetechbooks listed on page one alphabetical summary of free internet tech books found on techbooks4free home page. thank you for visiting and be sure to your bookmark or short cut to tech books 4 free site for future free computer book search and free computer science books reference.

free programming and computer science books page 2





 




tech books for free .com

 2004-2013| content is copyrighted and may not be reproduced in any form without the author's prior consent | 

 tech books privacy





