
      
   
 creativity at work - creativity & innovation consulting 



skip to contentcall us today! +1 604.327.1565call us today! +1 604.327.1565



homeabout usabout linda naimancreativity at work delivers resultscreativity at work testimonialscreativity workshop photosservicescoaching for creativity and innovationmental fitness coaching for innovators & entrepreneurscollaboration & teambuildingcreative resilience skills developmentcorporate arts-based learningdesign thinking traininginspiring talkswhole-brain creativity workshopsfree ebookart collectionblogfeaturedcontact ushomeabout usabout linda naimancreativity at work delivers resultscreativity at work testimonialscreativity workshop photosservicescoaching for creativity and innovationmental fitness coaching for innovators & entrepreneurscollaboration & teambuildingcreative resilience skills developmentcorporate arts-based learningdesign thinking traininginspiring talkswhole-brain creativity workshopsfree ebookart collectionblogfeaturedcontact ushomeabout usabout linda naimancreativity at work delivers resultscreativity at work testimonialscreativity workshop photosservicescoaching for creativity and innovationmental fitness coaching for innovators & entrepreneurscollaboration & teambuildingcreative resilience skills developmentcorporate arts-based learningdesign thinking traininginspiring talkswhole-brain creativity workshopsfree ebookart collectionblogfeaturedcontact us

creativity at work: innovation consulting, training & coaching
creativity at work: innovation consulting, training & coachinglinda naiman2025-02-07t05:49:15-08:00is your organization striving to innovate and stay ahead of the curve?we specialize in leadership development, team building, and innovation training, combining art, design, and neuroscience to drive creativity in business. our whole-brain approach integrates arts-based learning and design thinking to inspire innovation and transformative results.through our tailored l&d programs, we help executives and teams:drive breakthrough results: equip your team to solve complex challenges with creative problem-solving.build high-performing resilient teams: foster a culture of collaboration, engagement, and innovation.leadership skills development: leverage strengths to empower creativity and innovation in teamsprograms include:creative resilience: how to flourish in the face of life’s challengeswhole-brain approach to creativity at workdesign-thinking training, workshopsteam development & collaborationarts-based learning for creativity and innovation in businesscoaching for creativity, innovation, & reinvention
businesses that invest in creativity are 88% more likely to foster innovation, enhance customer satisfaction, and achieve financial success. additionally, they enjoy higher employee engagement and productivity (adobe 2016).ready to ignite change?schedule a consultation with linda naiman today!representative clientstestimonialsour company has a mandate to accelerate business growth through innovation and in order to reach our targets we recognized the need for skills development in creativity. we asked linda naiman to conduct a creativity workshop at our global meeting for our business unit team of chemists, engineers and marketers, to inspire creative thinking, introduce idea generation methodologies, and develop a set of tangible ideas for new products and services. linda offered us a challenging, unusual approach to creativity, which was highly valuable for me. while some sceptics in the audience made it a real challenge for linda, she mastered it extremely well and provided all of us with highly valuable insights. we now have a set of principles and practices for fostering creativity and innovation that we are implementing at our business unit. i recommend linda naiman to companies looking for effective ways to cultivate creativity in their people.—a.f. senior vice president customer relations management, business unit, high performance polymers, degussa hpplinda’s approach to creativity training is refreshingly different. the program engages you through individual and group activities that expand your creativity potential without being unduly demanding on your existing stock of knowledge. participants interact in a level playing field of right-brain contributions to a number of themes related to the work environment. great for team building, gaining fresh insights into co-workers’ unexpressed desires for a more productive workplace, uncovering your own un-met needs in the present work setting, etc. i recommend the workshop especially to organizations that are redesigning their culture and practices.—s. wu, asst. director, national heritage board, singaporethis program helped me look inside myself and understand we just need to let our mind flow and with the help of art as a base for creativity we can go beyond our imagination. we are all artists in our own way. i plan to use the tools and processes [from the forum] at our organization’s strategic brainstorming sessions.—y. perez, managing director baxter pharmaceuticals sales & distribution corp. prprogramscreativity, innovation, and leadership skills developmentcreativity and innovation training for teamswhole-brain approach to creativity at workdesign-thinking training, workshops arts-based learning for creativity and innovation in businesscoaching for creativity, innovation, leadershipcollaboration and team development resourcesfeatured booksblogfeatured postsaffiliate noticewhen you buy through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission.privacy policy and terms of useprivacy policy & terms of usecontactlinda naiman,founder, creativity at worktel: +1 604.327.1565emailsearch
search for:



© copyright 1999-2024  all rights reserved. creativity at work.
please do not copy art or articles without permissionlinkedininstagramfacebookflickr
page load link
this website uses cookies and third party services to enhance your experience. see our privacy policy. 

ok		   

go to top

