












home | advocates for basic legal equality (able)



























































skip to the content












menu













advocates for basic legal equality (able)





search the site

search

expand search





news & resources


careers with able


contact & locations


able in the news




















get legal help




                                    areas of impact
                                






agricultural worker & immigrant rights                    





housing justice & community economic development                    





fairness in education                    





healthcare & economic stability                    





medical-legal partnerships for children                    





innovation & progress                    





long-term ombudsman program                    





consumer and economic justice                    





safety & stability for domestic abuse survivors                    





serving springfield's haitian community                    







                                    get involved
                                





                                    support our work
                                






donate now                    





greater dayton area                    






justice on tap                    





access to justice celebration                    







greater toledo area                    






access to justice awards dinner                    







giving resources                    





planned giving                    







                                    about able
                                






our staff                    





funders                    





board of trustees                    





annual reports                    





our clients                    





donate now




























standing with our haitian community members 
able is proud to serve haitian community members in springfield and other parts of our service area. 


learn more





















justice for all 
able is proud to work with and for ohio's immigrants and immigrant communities. by protecting, strengthening, and uplifting their legal rights, we can all help ensure a just and welcoming ohio.  





















generations of justice 
 the law is a powerful tool for ensuring access to opportunities many of us take for granted. able was founded to right the wrongs that disproportionately affect communities of color and people living in poverty. for over 50 years, able has made justice a reality for people who had nowhere else to turn. 





















increasing economic stability and opportunity 
14 out of every 100 people live in poverty in our service area. over 70% of people in poverty have a civil legal problem every year that jeopardizes their families without an attorney to help navigate complex legal systems. we partner with our clients and with community partners on legal solutions to the issues keeping communities in poverty.
 














donate now


protecting the rights of people living, working, and raising their families in poverty
prevent homelessness and protect renters from uninhabitable living conditions. protect seniors and veterans. ensure access to healthcare and education. support welcoming communities and due process for immigrants. rebuild neighborhoods and empower residents. lift up the voices of people often unheard and left behind. 
choose an area of impact to learn more. support justice here.learn about our work in northwest ohio.learn about our work in the miami valley region.





















 

advocates for basic legal equality, inc. (able) is a non-profit regional law firm that provides high-quality legal assistance in civil matters to help low-income individuals and groups in ohio achieve self-reliance, equal justice, and economic opportunity.

 


 
















able's board of trustees appoints new executive director

learn more about the new leadership changes at able.

read more here.








medicaid waivers explained

hear how our clients navigated the medicaid system.

hear their stories.








access to counsel pilot program

able has partnered with learn to earn dayton to launch access to counsel, which aims to meet the varied legal needs of low-income tenants.

read about the pilot program.








know your rights videos now available

know your rights videos are available in three languages.

learn more here.














ohio, we have a problem.

able and the american immigration council share a joint report on racial profiling activities by border patrol at the u.s.-canadian border near port clinton, ohio. 


 

read the report











clementina's path to citizenship
on may 21, 2024, in toledo, ohio, an incredible milestone was achieved by clementina gonzalez ponce, an 82-year-old woman originally from guadalajara, mexico. after a nearly 30-year wait to receive permanent residency, clementina became a u.s. citizen. 
read her story











program provides civil legal assistance to afghan evacuees in western ohio
the able-led afghan evacuee immigration legal services project provides legal guidance and helps our new community members as continued progress is made toward stabilizing the humanitarian crisis.
read more here











able parent advocate presents on success program
able parent advocate, christina brown, speaks about our innovative success program at a national conference in washington, d.c. brown participates in a panel with other legal experts and social workers titled, "different strokes for different folks: maryland and ohio do multidisciplinary representation their way”.
learn more now
















do you need legal help?
 click to apply for legal help/​solicitar ayuda legal





















office locations
able serves 32 northwest and west central ohio counties. able's agricultural worker and immigrant advocacy projects serve all 88 ohio counties. 
able’s brick and mortar offices are located in toledo, defiance, and dayton. 

to reach us by phone:
p: 1-800-837-0814
tty: 1-888-545-9497






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram







about us

get involved

donate

annual reports

news & resources

careers

contact & locations



get legal help



areas of impact

consumer and economic justice
fairness in education
safety & stability for domestic abuse survivors
healthcare & economic stability
housing justice & community economic development
agricultural workers & immigrant rights
medical-legal partnerships for children
long-term ombudsman program
innovation & technology







if you would like any publications translated, please contact estela melendez at  emelendez@ablelaw.org.
si necesita que cualquier publicación sea traducida, por favor comuníquese con estela melendez al emelendez@ablelaw.org.






© 2025 advocates for basic legal equality (able)










to top












cookie notice

this website uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience.

accept cookies







