





mercy home for boys & girls | chicago children's charity


















































































































search


aaahablas español
 










donate





search 

about mercy home


 featured 



mercy home is hiring! 
voted a top 100 workplace for 11th year in a row, we’re looking for passionate, driven coworkers who want to help young people build brighter futures. 
 open positions 




about



about mercy home inclusion and diversity our history our impact our stories leadership our locations careers 
 our programs



youth residential program community care friends first mentoring kids we serve 

support us


 featured



our kids and families need you now, more than ever
right now, many of our mercy home kids are suffering. your generous gift will help provide resources for children and families so desperately need.
 please help 




ways to give



donate online gift planning shop online matching gifts years of mercy book corporate partnerships 
 get involved



marathon fundraising advocate for kids mentor a child volunteer 
 events



attend a chicago charity event post-parade party 

resources



blog for parents for professionals
sunday mass



sunday mass the holy bible sign up
contact us



contact us subscribe refer a youth newsroom
menu info


(312) 738-7560 

phone / language
 






donate to mercy home now! 








mercy home is a lifeline for children like sofía




give today to help kids build brighter futures.



donate now








since 1887, mercy home for boys & girls has provided children and families with healing and tools to build brighter futures. it gives children who’ve experienced abuse, neglect, or violence a safe home, educational support, and career guidance.



20
%
of our high school seniors graduated.


2343

therapy sessions were provided to kids and their families.


15
%
of youth living with us advanced to the next grade. 


















more about mercy home






our programs








image/svg+xml














youth residential program

young people live with us full time in a safe, structured, and supportive home. read more 









image/svg+xml














community care program

provides support and continued connection to our home for former residents and for families. read more 

















friends first mentoring

volunteer mentors make a lifetime of difference in the lives of children. read more 















news from mercy home





 



after cloud of grief, hope emerges
september 18, 2023 • leila still remembers every detail of her grandmother’s funeral. the overwhelming scent of flowers, the sympathetic murmurs of friends and...

read full story 

 



 



taking steps to prevent suicide
october 5, 2022 • though difficult to talk about, suicide is a growing public health problem in the united states. it is also one...

read full story 

 



 



winning on the river—12th annual mercy home poker night a hit
february 13, 2025 • our friends went all in for mercy home at our annual poker night fundraiser this january 30th. a record 275...

read full story 

 



 



partnering with your child for school success
february 11, 2025 • mercy home has been providing educational solutions to kids since 1887. take a look at these 5 ways to support...

read full story 

 
 

see more news 









mercy home needs your support.
please help make a difference for a child in need.
donate now





useful linksblog
newsroom
join our charity running team
resources for youth and families
careers
frequently asked questions
contact us
rent payment form
privacy policy
terms of use
do not sell my data
accessibility statement
our other sitesplanned giving
mission press
mercy beaucoup
stay informed sign up for our enews and we'll send you periodic updates on mercy home happenings

	notice: javascript is required for this content.











 

 find us
1140 w. jackson blvd. chicago, il 60607
get in touch if you are a child in need or to refer a child
(877) 24-start

to make donation by phone or for any donation related questions, please call
    
(877) 637-2955ordonate online
    by mail
download form


for all other inquiries
(312) 738-7560
 
 
© 2025 the mission of our lady of mercy, inc. dba mercy home for boys & girls. all rights reserved.
mercy home for boys & girls, a 501(c)(3), licensed child care institution and licensed child welfare agency. ein: 36-2171726

































 






































