







buyer's edge inc. - buyer's edge inc. - official website

























 




 
 


















username






password





remember me 



log in






 


x

need help logging in?
call us (800) 755-5008 (m-f, 9-5 est)
info@buyersedgeinc.com
hint: your username is the same as your group number.


after logging in...
be sure to register to receive updates, special offers.
enter our drawing to a $300 gift certificate!




low price guaranteed! appliances, cars, furniture, kitchens & more!


menu


homewhy shop buyer's edgeabout usmember benefitslow price guaranteetestimonialshow to shop buyer's edgehow buyer’s edge worksfaq'sorganization sign-upsavings categoriesour memberscustomer servicecontact usquestions & feedbackmember protection servicessubmit a testimonial

















organization signup









x

buy a product for $150 or more through buyer's edge, and if within 30 days & 50 miles you find the exact item for less at a factory authorized dealer, we require that the vendor mail you the difference, plus 20%. details










buy by phone

					research, call, and save! all without leaving your home!
				







buy in person

					shop showrooms and stores in your area - login now!
				







buy online

					shop and save directly from your computer!
				



 

the smart way to save money on major purchases!
buyer's edge, inc. offers guaranteed low prices on shopping for goods across many categories including cars, major appliances, furniture, and more! you must belong to a member organization to participate in buyer's edge. if you would like your organization to join, please click on the organization signup button at the top of the page or click here to send us an email. be sure to include the company name, the contact person and their phone and email address.


  low price guarantee 
  testimonials 
  faq 


feel free to call us at 800-755-5008 (m-f, 9-5 est) with any questions.
 feel free to call us at(800) 755-5008(m-f, 9-5 est) with any questions




buyer's edge, inc. offers savings in several member benefits




major appliances

            air conditioners, refrigerators, dehumidifiers, freezers, washer/dryers combos, dishwashers, ranges, cooktops, microwaves, range hoods and more. shop first and then call for a price quote, including delivery, right into your home,  by one of our established exclusive appliance vendors for your delivery area. in some cases, in-person or online price quotes may be available depending on your location in the tristate area of ny, nj, ct, pa areas.
          





cars (new & used)

            enjoy a better car buying experience and a hassle-free deal when you buy or lease new or used cars, suvs and light trucks. get free, guaranteed low upfront pricing in writing – the actual price you will pay at the dealership - before visiting one of our certified dealers nationwide. our online auto buying program helps save you time and money.  average member savings is $3,402 off msrp*.
          





furniture & mattresses

free delivery! living rooms, bedrooms, dining rooms, entertainment centers, wall units, home office, recliners, bedding, mattresses, sofa beds and more. our exclusive vendor is an established family-owned authorized dealer for over 150 furniture & mattresses manufacturers. shop first and call, or online, for price quote. delivery is always free!
          





kitchen cabinets & bath vanities

             direct depot kitchen wholesalers has been delivering the greatest value in high-quality cabinetry for 25 years. they have negotiated the lowest prices with 5 of the best cabinet manufacturers in the usa. if you want it, you’ll get it at the lowest prices allowed. with buyer’s edge inc. their prices are now even lower! all appointments are free and available both virtually (on a national basis) and in their expansive little falls, nj showroom. their expert designers can often provide 3d designs and quotes by the end of your first appointment, so book yours today online or over the phone!

          





real estate - buy/sell a home

            money back when you buy or sell your home! our approved full service realtors offer a 15% commission reduction when you sell your home and a 15% commission rebate when you or a family member purchases a home anywhere in the us. login to register to be referred to a local cooperating real estate agency before contacting a broker on your own.  no obligation to register and search!
          





diamonds & jewelry

            buy direct from a diamond, jewelry and watch wholesaler. our exclusive vendor is an established family-owned private jeweler in the heart of nyc diamond district, and a leading authority in genuine colored stones, natural diamonds, gia certified stones and watches. call or visit their 47th street nyc showroom.
          






view all categories

 

member benefit notes
member benefits coverage is constantly being improved, however, some products or services may not be available in your area or covered by our low price guarantee. please check each category for details, including hours & coverage.
member benefits

 













⇪ jump to top menu ⇪




© 2025 buyer's edge inc. all rights reserved.
home about privacy policy



corporate headquarters
667 shunpike rd, ste 4green village, nj 07935
(973) 660-1001
info@buyersedgeinc.com


about buyer's edge, inc.

buyers edge, inc. is a 40-year old consumer buying service that offers a low price guarantee on most major purchases for our 4 million members in the tri-state area of ny, nj, ct and greater philadelphia including major appliances, tv's, cars, furniture, kitchens, jewelry, and much more.







javascript is currently disabled.please enable it for a better experience of jumi.
