



clickandpost home

















 



prices include free uk postage 




shopping cart:0 item(s) - £0.00 




  
view cart













 toggle navigation    





 home 
 card search 
  product   
 promotions  
  gifts   
  company
   contact  


























 



 



 










        don't forget valentines day
    





birthday cardsview other occasions




  
birthday cards - open




  
birthday cards for her




  
birthday cards for him




  
children

 

  
adult humour




  
humorous




  
mum/mother




  
dad/father




  
brother




  
sister



  
daughter




  
son




  
husband




  
wife




  
grandad




  
grandma

 

  
friend




  
pop up




  
dogs cats pets




  
3d cards




  
belated birthday cards




  
handmade






birthdays and astrology

                    the modern astrological sign that one is said to be born under depends on your birthday, and the exact
                    time of birth is used to calculate your natal chart. however, astrology is not limited to the west and in
                    particular the tabloid newspapers alone, western astrology by itself has dozens of branches and various
                    offshoots. in modern india vedic astrology (or jyotish) is commonly used even now in every day life.
                





                            in china chinese astrology has been around for thousands of years and continues to flourish. the ancient greeks formed hellenistic astrology while the mayans of south america also formed their own brand of astrology with the help of their super-precise, world-famous observatories. the ancient egyptians also had their own system of birthday astrology while a unique system of astrology eventually emerged in tibet as well.
                        

read more





 our service 

                    clickandpost (uk) lets you send that greeting cards now,
                    for next day delivery. we will hand write the greeting cards and post it
                    for you. we will send by post birthday cards, send by post christmas cards
                    send by post valentines cards. send by post wedding day cards. send by post
                    anniversary cards. send by post birthday card. send by post good luck card.
                    send by post mothers day card. send by post fathers day greeting card. in fact
                    we will send by post all types of greeting cards

                



(clickandpost.com lets you send a personalised real birthday cards to members of your family and friends from anywhere in the world. sending birthday cards is the norm in the uk, you might be amazed to find out that we as a country send the most number of birthday cards per head of population. the tradition of sending birthday cards only started around a hundred years ago here in uk, today we send millions of birthday cards each year to wish family and friends a happy birthday.
                        

read more







occasionalview birthday cards




  
acceptance




  
anniversary your




  
anniversary wife




  
anniversary husband

 

  
best wishes




  
birth of baby boy




  
birth of baby girl




  
blank




  
christmas




  
congratulations




  
fathers day




  
fathers day grandad




  
get well




  
good luck




  
mothers day

 

  
mothers day nan nannie




  
new home cards




  
new year cards




  
symphathy cards




  
thank you




  
valentines

 

  
valentines wife




  
valentines husband




  
valentines girl-boyfriend




  
well done




  
welcome home














why us?

                                       clickandpost (uk) lets you send that greeting cards now, 
       for next day delivery.we will hand write the greeting cards and post it
       for you.we will send by post birthday cards, send by post christmas cards
       send by post valentines cards.send by post wedding day cards.send by post
       anniversary cards.send by post birthday card.send by post good luck card.
       send by post mothers day card.send by post fathers day greeting card. in fact
       we will send by post all types of greeting cards.
                                    

free uk postage included in price 






contact us
tel:+44 (0) 121 354 1097 
email: enquiries@clickandpost.com 




follow us









privacy policy
terms of use
faqs
about us 
contact us









