




humber polytechnic - humber polytechnic






























skip to content



home
building brilliance

about humber
admissions & financial aid
student life 







choose humber polytechnic for a real world differencetm




real world skills
the highest graduate employment rate (84%) among gta colleges six months after graduation.*




real world ready
83% of employers believe humber graduates are well-prepared for work.*




real world connections
97% of employers are satisfied with the quality of work from humber graduates.*




*2022-2023 ontario key performance indicator (kpi) survey.

















excellence in education
driving innovation with 10+ new future-forward programs
new programs 









future student promotions
make september 2025 your time to shine apply now for your chance to win $5,000 toward tuition*

next fall is not too far away to start thinking about your move to polytechnic education.
find out how you could win $5,000 toward tuition.*
fall 2025 promotions 









international students
humber offers 80 pgwp-eligible programs
find the programs that meet your needs and interests in our comprehensive list of all pgwp-eligible programs.
pgwp-eligible programs 









builders of brilliance
top in gta and top 5 in canada for research and innovation
humber was named the top applied research institution in the greater toronto area, according to canada's top 50 research colleges compiled by research infosource.
read the story 












find your program by name or by pgwp eligibility



 search button



domestic a - z 
international pgwp-eligible 
professional learning 







find your program by interest.

see all areas of interest  search from 80 pgwp-eligible programs  








 
new and trending 





applied technology & engineering 




 
business, accounting & management 





children & youth 





community & justice services 





creative arts & design 





emergency services 





fashion & beauty 





foundations & language training 





health & wellness 





hospitality & tourism 





information, computer & digital technology 





international development 





justice & legal studies 





marketing & advertising 





media & public relations 





performing arts & music 





skilled trades & apprenticeships 











what's happening at humber











events




degree & graduate certificate fair
downtown campus feb 25, 2025

power up fair 



spring open house
saturday, april 12, 202510:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m.

open house 



campus tours
book your tour date and time to visit the campus.

book a tour 



sign up to be notified of upcoming events
sign-up now










humber today
view all  





february 13, 2025
new sustainability vision deepens humber polytechnic’s commitment to a sustainable future





february 12, 2025
athlete enrols in fitness and health promotion program to reach nutrition and fitness goals





february 11, 2025
humber firsts: lesia bailey





february 7, 2025
valuable skills learned as students explore viability of german wine in the global market













highlights





building brilliance in post-secondary education
humber’s new vision responds to canada’s productivity crisis and a need to transform learning, humber is defining a new future for the institution and building a new model of polytechnic education for ontario, canada and the world.

vision 




kpi results proof of humber's polytechnic promise
we’re proud to have the highest graduate employment rate of the gta colleges at 83.6% and the highest employer satisfaction rate of the gta colleges at 96.6%. *

why choose a polytechnic 









media release

humber polytechnic rockets to fifth spot in canadian college research ranking, first in the gta
leading the gta in research and a catalyst for industry innovation and profitability

full media release 




the campaign for humber









help create an unlimited future for humber students.

donate today 












contact us

×






close







you need to enable javascript to run this app.








