









the bach choir of bethlehem - america's oldest bach choir













































































 









donate nowmy account | cart



the bach choir of bethlehem
america's oldest bach choir




skip to content
about

about the choir
employment opportunities
auditions
you belong!
choir gallery
media kit
choir newsletter
videos


concerts

2024-2025 season
117th bethlehem bach festival
directions & parking
bethlehem dining & accommodations


tickets

2024-2025 season tickets
faqs: the choir ticket orders and policies


calendar
the bel canto youth chorus
support

donate
planned giving
guarantors
partners
volunteers, internships and house staff


education/community

a musical heart


shop
contact
 







 











youth choirs festival - february 23


learn more









want to stay in-the-know?
subscribe to our newsletter to get concert announcements, choir and bel canto news,  updates about our festival and guest artists, special offers and more. simply fill out the form and you’ll get regular updates about the bach choir of bethlehem delivered straight to your inbox!







first name last name email*

commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  








δ












2024-2025 season brochure & information
see more →










about the choir
see more →








media kit
see more →










blog
see more →








education
see more →











about the choir
the mission of the bach choir of bethlehem inspires and enriches people through the transformative power of the music of j.s. bach and composers who influenced or were influenced by bach, by pursuing excellence in performance and education to build, strengthen, and sustain communities, and to foster a life-long passion for the choral arts.
vision statement
our vision is to create a world in which choral music, anchored in the timeless works of j.s. bach, inspires and enriches the lives of all individuals and communities. we are committed to leading with excellence and innovation. our ultimate goal is to foster a society in which choral music plays a vital and life-changing role, bringing people together, strengthening relationships, and nourishing the human spirit.
equity statement
as leaders in the choral arts, we strive to create an inclusive environment where all of our members, performers, musical partners, audiences, volunteers, and board are welcomed and valued. the bach choir of bethlehem believes that music is a universal language that unites persons, communities, and cultures. our commitment is to an ongoing effort to ensure that inclusion, diversity, equity, access, and belonging remain core values of the organization. learn more »
 










upcoming events





				sun			
23



the greg funfgeld family concert: youth choirs festival


february 23 @ 3:00 pm - 4:30 pm 


zoellner arts center, bethlehem 

 






				mar			
08



gala concert: the thomanerchor


march 8 @ 4:00 pm - 5:00 pm 


central moravian church 

 






				mar			
11



bach at noon | march 11


march 11 @ 12:00 pm - 1:30 pm 


central moravian church 

 






				mar			
30



spring concert: rachmaninoff vespers


march 30 @ 4:00 pm - 5:30 pm 


first presbyterian church, bethlehem 

 






				apr			
06



the bel canto youth chorus spring concert


april 6 @ 4:00 pm - 5:00 pm 


cathedral church of the nativity 

 



			view more…		



latest from the blog


noah’s flood:  family concert preview
february 16, 2020


christmas concerts 2019 wrap-up
december 9, 2019


autumn recap – christmas preview
november 30, 2019


august bach @ noon:  grace
august 5, 2019


mozart requiem wrap
april 14, 2019


support the bach choir each year, our concerts and educational programs enrich the lives of more than 20,000 people of all ages from across the country. we depend on the financial support of our donors to provide the critical funding needed to preserve and advance the choir’s legacy and mission. a donation or sponsorship is an investment in the arts, the community, and the legacy of the bach choir of bethlehem and the music of j. s. bach.
learn more

 



























































































































"from anguish to elation, and just about everything in between, pretty much describes the vast emotional landscape covered in friday evening’s concert at packer memorial church presented by the bach choir of bethlehem. splendid musicianship, rousing choruses, and the sublime voices of the soloists turned grief into joy and sorrow into triumph."
—the morning call, may 2018"the oft-quoted phrase 'a drumroll, please' aptly applies to the opening of rutter’s exultant gloria, which provided a dramatic finale to the program. what a thrill to hear those punchy, syncopated brass lines accompanying some really polished and vibrant singing. the “domine deus” section sported some lovely soprano voices in addition to many demanding, multi-part choruses –— some with up to eight parts. there was a miraculous blend of tone and balance throughout."
—the morning call, march 2018"the performance was one of integrity, movement, passion and weight. the effortless virtuosity and stylistic homogeneity of the combined forces in the chapel's stone sanctity, allowed bach's music to sing out with infectious, exhilarating enthusiasm."
—the huffington post, 2017"the audience was thrilled by this outstanding performance of a bach cantata by seasoned experts immersed in the composer and informed by greg funfgeld's wisdom and enthusiasm...the bachs [j.s.b and c.p.e] could not have been better served, not to mention two english renaissances, as well as our own time. it went beyond mere intelligent programming and committed performance, enriched by a deep sense of the mutual nourishment of music and faith."
—new york arts, 2015"nestled in the pennsylvania countryside, on and around the bucolic campus of lehigh university, the bethlehem bach festival, under the artistic direction of conductor greg funfgeld, is in its 108th season and going strong. if it has flaws, they are like those that distinguish a fine emerald from the perfect clarity of a fake...their choral sonority is so rich you can feel it in your bones."
—the wall street journal, may 2015"two days later i am newark bound again, with a head full of the history of a town i previously had no awareness of, and with a heart full of the music of bach, presented in a context that felt less like a festival than a glorious friendship between a great composer and the orchestra, conductor and choir at the heart of an extraordinary town."
—the whole-note - toronto, june 2015"the bach choir of bethlehem, founded in the 19th century, has gained international recognition through its annual bach festival, tours and recordings. the more than 100 vocalists displayed clean tone, excellent pitch and blend, and kept good tempo even in the most stressful numbers…outstanding, energetic and crisp. the orchestra was a collection of top freelancers from around the eastern seaboard including several from washington… baritone dashon burton, was the standout. he has a clarion instrument that projects well throughout his range…a splendid dramatic performance. soprano rosa lamoreaux was also excellent, expertly modulating her silvery tone for the various roles she took…this was the choir’s big night, though, and it gave great pleasure…” 
—the washington post, march 2013“a handsome account of bach’s st. john passion on this new release confirms that the bach choir of bethlehem doesn’t rest on anything resembling laurels. greg funfgeld has trained his singers to articulate words crisply, dance lightly when the music must move and blend elegantly. funfgeld brings a sure sense of phrasing, texture and pacing to the narrative, and the bach festival orchestra—mostly modern instruments, with viola da gamba, violas d’amore and portative organ supplying period flavors—are cohesive and nimble. charles daniels stands out as a poetic and powerful evangelist, william sharp as a warmly inflected jesus and julia doyle as a shining champion of the soprano arias.” 
—gramophone, november 2012“the bach choir of bethlehem sang a brahms motet (“lass dich nur nichts”) with all the polish and fervor it brought to cantatas by its namesake.” 
—new york times, september 2011 “..inspired program of hope, optimism and comfort …disarmingly powerful…overflows with jubilation”
—the morning call, october 2011“america’s venerable bach choir of bethlehem makes its analekta debut on a disc brimming-over with festive d major trumpets-and-drums brilliance…julia doyle and daniel taylor heading up a distinguished solo line-up.”
—bbc music magazine, may 2010“conductor greg funfgeld coaxed a lovely rich chamber orchestra sound from the bach festival orchestra strings...the hauntingly beautiful voices of taylor and zsigovics—she in her festival debut—melted together like two precious metals, hers of bell-like clarity, his a more complex alchemy, with a sheen like liquid mercury.”
—the morning call, may 2010“as i listen to the bach choir of bethlehem with greg funfgeld conducting…i find it hard to believe this is an all-volunteer choir but it’s true…a well polished vocal ensemble, and a true level of musicianship and understanding of the choral music of bach.”
—minnesota public radio review, december 2009“…an american musical treasure… they sing with a fervor and a level of musicianship that carries one away—from bass to soprano, the supple strength and solidly integrated tone of this amateur choir reflects the most admirable qualities of the european-american tradition of choral song.”
—wall street journal may, 2007“by all accounts the chorus remains as vital an institution as ever…the b-minor mass performance was rousing, committed and touching…bach’s ‘st. matthew passion’ too was ardently and lovingly performed…” 
—new york times, may 2007“this is bach at its finest. the conductor, orchestra, soloists, and chorus are eminently capable of the nuances of the rich harmonic texts …spirited and vivacious…it is not likely to get any better than this on this side of the atlantic.” 
—the american organist, january, 2004“america’s venerable bach choir of bethlehem sang bach and mendelssohn with good-natured and ruddy-cheeked elation. and their centerpiece was a bbc/bach choir co-commission, the world premiere of libby larsen’s i it am, a jubilant cantata based on the writings of julian of norwich…this highly coloured and disarmingly unsophisticated work came from, and went straight to, the heart.”
—the times, london, july 2003“the bach choir of bethlehem…had their audience enthralled…the choir knows and loves this work – and it shows…transatlantic magic.”
—the scotsman, edinburgh, july 2003“nearly one hundred strong, the bach choir of bethlehem tempers its power and energy with the intimacy of a much smaller group. it also blends seamlessly with the excellent modern-instrument festival orchestra which greg funfgeld conducts with an obvious knowledge of, and sensitivity to, modern performance practice.” 
—early music news, california, october/november 2002“…the choir and festival orchestra, under their director, greg funfgeld, perform these three cantatas beautifully and convincingly. the work of the soloists is excellent, too…excitement, dedication, power—all things that we hear more and more seldom in bach cantatas—lend distinction to this beautiful and well-produced recording.”
—american record guide, november/december 2002“sheer jubilance…exceptional elegance and grace…radiant performance…having heard the bethlehem bach choir pour its heart into the master’s vocal music, one will never listen to it in quite the same way again.”
—musical america, may 2001“the bethlehem bach festival is one of the most venerable musical institutions in the usa, with an unmatched tradition of introducing bach’s music to our shores. greg funfgeld…has revitalized this pennsylvania institution, and dorian is doing well to document its vibrancy in a recording series… genuine honesty and intelligence informs this performance…funfgeld has forged a fine body of singers and players…tightly disciplined ensemble …rousing spirit and sacred joy aplenty. this recording will not disappoint.” 
—american record guide, november/december 2000“…intoxicating but precise choral sound that reminds you why choruses grew this large in the first place. the elemental power is startling…the bethlehem approach under greg funfgeld isn’t anachronistic, but meets the historically enlightened approach halfway…we know from bach’s often irritable correspondence that he campaigned for more singers. the bach choir of bethlehem gives him all he could have wanted. maybe this is “in-his-dreams” bach.”
—philadelphia inquirer, december 2000“…a performance that confirmed my belief that this is one of the finest large amateur choruses in the united states.”
—the washington post, may 1999 


the bach choir gratefully acknowledges and thanks our sponsors and media partners for supporting our organization and the arts.
the choir is supported in part by the national endowment for the arts and the pennsylvania council on the arts.


season sponsors


                          

additional sponsors


     

media partners


           









 donate now


								© 2025 the bach choir of bethlehem. all rights reserved. registered 501(c)(3). ein: 24-0795385440 heckewelder place, bethlehem, pa 18018 | 610-866-4382 | office@bach.org













































