












dr carey, ophthalmologist  – eyeplastic (oculoplastic) surgeon, cosmetic eyelid surgery, blepharoplasty, ptosis, seattle, wa























































 

206-522-2500
 

 









home
about dr carey
meet dr carey
services

traumatic brain injuries
cosmetic eyelid surgery “blepharoplasty”
ptosis surgery “droopy eyelid” repair
eyelid surgery
eyelid skin cancer & treatment
thyroid eye disease & treatment
asian eyelid surgery
tear drainage system (lacrimal system) & treatment
orbital fracture
enucleation & evisceration


before/after
certification
iraq
contact
 





search for:



 

















free 10 minute consult

your eyes are often the first thing people notice about your face!
if you have any cosmetic questions dr. carey offers a “free 10 minute consultation” with him in his office to discuss your situation.













americas best physicians 2016

presented by the national consumer advisory board
to timothy carey, md.
ophthalmic plastic surgery.













visit dr carey

eye clinic of university village
5116 – 25th ave ne, seattle, washington 98105
phone: 206-522-2500
fax: 206-267-8307













from cosmetic eyelid surgery repair to treatment





traumatic brain injuries




dr. carey’s experience with traumatic brain injuries including concussion is extensive. with over half the brain’s nerve fibers involved with vision or eye movement,  


cosmetic eyelid surgery “blepharoplasty”




your eyes are often the first thing people notice about your face and are an important aspect of facial attractiveness. the eyelids protect one's  


orbital fracture




 dr. carey is a leading expert in the repair of fracture involving the orbital bones or bones that surround the eye. he operates on  


tear drainage system (lacrimal system) & treatment




anatomy:





the tear drain consists of two small openings called the puncta, one in your upper and the other in your lower eyelid. each of  

view all
 



a world-renowned ophthalmic plastic surgeon

dr. carey has personally operated on world class athletes for orbital fracture repair returning them to compete in the nfl, nba, and the pac-12. dr. carey volunteered in iraq in the summer of 2008 as a facial trauma surgeon.


 



"...finding a board certified occulo plastic surgeon is not easy."








mike b.





visited dr. carey for a standard eye exam. it was very easy to make an appointment within about 2 weeks. when i arrived apparently i had my days mixed up and was a day late however the receptionist juggled some other appointments and was very helpful in getting me accommodated that day. i ended up waiting less than 15 minutes to be seen. the entire staff was so friendly and welcoming. dr. carey was very professional and took the time to thoroughly answer all my questions and explain everything he was doing in plain english. i felt like dr. carey did an excellent job and was quite comprehensive in his exam. i will definitely be back to dr. carey next time.
the only thing i would do differently is not schedule an appointment towards the end of the day given the terrible rush-hour traffic on montlake blvd. (obviously not something under dr. carey’s control!)
mike b.
seattle, wa
yelp review







lisa f.





i had a dcr procedure on my right eye. but the surgeon who performed the surgery in tacoma did a bad job, and it had to be redone. dr. carey did it over and did a beautiful job. he is very skilled, professional & trustworthy. i would never have surgery on my eyes by anyone else. also, finding a board certified occuloplastic surgeon is not easy. this is not a general plastic surgeon, but much more than that. he’s the best around & we’re fortunate to have him so close, but i’d drive or fly to have surgery by him.
lisa f.
dupont, wa
yelp review




 















eye clinic of university village 5116 – 25th ave ne, seattle, washington 98105
phone: 206-522-2500
fax: 206-267-8307









© 2025  dr carey, ophthalmologist  , all rights reserved | design by biondimedia online marketing 








 





