






regeneration









































 




 


								your shopping cart
							

no products in the cart.






about
collections

view all
re:
20th century collection
two mundos
artists & designers


shop
sold items
news & events
press
journal
contact
 
















what's new















									the sea wolf, 2014 by timothy w. fryberger									$14000
















									re: 392 single bedside table									$1800
















									re: 378 console table									$3600
















									contemporary table-top mobile by jim hunter									$3200
















									flames by jan yoors									$110000
















									press proof of muhammad ali from a book published by power house books.  photos by steve schapiro.									$650
















									re: 379 credenza in grass green on brass base									$9800
















									pair of re: 264 floor model lounge chairs with black buff lacquered frames									$2200
















									adam parker smith-petite shibari heart (ice), 2021									$1500









x

likes

				save your favorite photos and revisit them at anytime using your email address.
				you can share this list with your photographer, family and friends.

				






why do you need my email?





x

share

				save your favorite photos and revisit them at anytime using your email address.
				you can share this list with your photographer, family and friends.

				


facebook
twitter
email






collections











mid century modern

										regeneration's mid-century collection is the product of chris and val's keen eye for the eclectic and understated treasure.										
explore














re:

										chris and val launched re: in 2011.  the collection presents itself in a distinctive way.  the rich lacquers, woven elements and metal accents pay tribute to the past while beckoning the future.  custom fabrication also available.										
explore















artists & designers

										regeneration has a long history of collaborating with both emerging and established artists/ designers.  our most noteworthy and lengthy representations include the work of master tapestry artist, jan yoors, pop artist dylan egon and smilow design.										
explore









news & events





				        	spring break art show				        
spring/break art show, 2018, stranger comes to town, "self on the shelf"
christine miele, curator, march 6th-12th, 4 times square 
an immersive video art installation by laia cabrera and isabelle duverger.  interactivity by nicola carpeggiani.  				        







				        	nature in modernism				        
friday, february 24th from 6-9pm.
-photography by francine fleischer
-cabinetry by artes & oficios
-sculptures by gabriela valenzuela-hirsch
-minimal gourd lamps from mexico city				        

















regenerationfurniture








re:378 credenza in buffed red lacquer! @sarabengur






custom cerused oak re:379 credenza with painted ca






congratulations @messanaororke !!!
laurelwood scul


 





pair of #throbsjohngibbings table lamps.  #midcent



 


load more...






 follow on instagram







# regenerationfurniture













contact us
regenerationfurniture@gmail.com


follow us

facebook
twitter
blog
instagram
















  join 








©regeneration. 2024
































