










home - roof coatings manufacturers association


























































 
 


















skip to content










join rcmamember login











linkedin icon





email address






































menu 
education virtual training program sponsorshiproof coatings about roof coatings coatings in america sustainability history resources glossaryindustry for professionals voc maps technical publications faqsmembership member benefits member directoryabout rcma about us project of the year leadership committees communications, membership, & education technical affairs committee government affairs committee news contact us


























 






























representing roof coatings manufacturers and suppliers






rcma is the leading industry voice, promoting the benefits of roof coatings and providing its membership with up-to-date information on building codes and standards, technical developments, and other industry topics of interest.























education






















member benefits






















roof coating resources






























roof coatings are essential






roof coatings are designed for protecting and extending the useful service life of roof assemblies for new construction and existing roof coverings.
roof coatings are applied to low slope roofs on residential, commercial, and industrial buildings to extend the life of a roof by preventing water, chemical, or physical damage which saves money for the building owner. roof coatings are also the most effective and least costly option to help buildings save energy and enhance sustainability.







learn more



















make your voice heard in the roof coatings industry!






rcma board of directors and committees meet on a monthly basis. these conversations shape the future of the industry.












technical affairs committee 
responsibilities include tracking state and federal regulatory issues and providing advocacy on behalf of rcma and its member companies.
 














government affairs committee 
this committee oversees rcma's technical affairs, including codes and standards, sustainability, research, and technical data.
 














communication, membership, & education committee 
this committee is responsible for coordinating the communications, membership recruitment and retention, and meeting programming efforts.
 











get involved




























upcoming events












2025 spring meeting 
information about this event will be released soon.
 











upcoming rcma committee meetings 




view all meetings



 











upcoming events 




view all events



 


















more than the power of one

together, we have the power to accomplish what no one organization could on its own.















                                838 coatings                            












                                ab specialty silicones                            












                                acrymax technologies inc.                            












                                acsic ingredients, llc                            












                                aguaseal acquisition, llc                            












                                american weatherstar                            












                                arkema, inc.                            












                                basf                            












                                brewer company                            












                                certainteed                            












                                coadtech (cool additives technology)                            












                                csl silicones inc.                            












                                eps materials                            












                                everest systems                            












                                fbc chemical corp.                            












                                garland company                            












                                 general coatings                            












                                henry company                            












                                holcim ltd                            












                                icp group                            












                                j. rettenmaier usa lp                            












                                johns manville                            












                                karnak corporation                            












                                kemper system america, inc.                            












                                lanco paints & coatings                            












                                metacrylics                            












                                momentive performance materials                            












                                mule-hide products co., inc.                            












                                munzing corporation                            












                                polyglass usa, inc.                            












                                pri construction materials technologies                            












                                progressive materials, llc                            












                                ravago chemical                            












                                rooferscoffeeshop                            












                                rugged coatings                            












                                russell standard                            












                                rust-oleum corporation                            












                                sika corp.                            












                                soprema, inc.                            












                                sr products                            












                                stockmeier urethanes gmbh & co.kg                            












                                surface chemists of florida, inc.                            












                                the dow chemical company                            












                                the sherwin-williams company                            












                                tietex                            












                                tremco cpg, inc.                            












                                univar solutions                            












                                 western colloid                            





next
previous

















rcma testimonials

 




marsiglia construction company has been successfully helping building owners from the cost of replacing their existing roofs by installing astec fluid applied roof membrane coating for over 10 years. our experience with the fluid applied roof systems has given our clients substantial energy savings, as well as creating a seamless, weather-tight, sustainable roof system with a 10 or 15-year renewable warranty.

marsiglia construction company | harahan, la








cochran construction company is a full-service commercial building company that diversified into fluid applied roofing in 2010 in order to provide sustainable roof solutions for our existing customers. sustainability, affordability and excellent product results are just a few reasons that we continue to look forward to a bright future in the roof coating business. we have provided solutions to roof problems across the deep south and beyond, and have hit a home run with our decision to build a new future in roof coatings.

cochran construction company | bossier city, la








since 1991, custom coatings inc. has been installing various coatings on all substrates, and roofs have been one of our most enjoyable substrates to coat. it is a tremendous feeling to provide a client with a material & labor warranted system that you know and trust will last longer than the warranty states. our crews get an outstanding feeling of satisfaction providing long-term solutions to our clients’ problems.”

custom coatings inc. | hickory, nc



 









 












© 2025 roof coatings manufacturers association
 | 
site by growthzone


























connect with us









email




questions@roofcoatings.org 










linkedin icon











quick links







join rcmamember login








subscribe to our newsletter







subscribe













 © 2025 roof coatings manufacturers association.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top


















