
















loaches online - community edition — loaches online














skip to content. |

  skip to navigation


accessibility
contact





search site





                only in current section
            






            advanced search…
        




navigation
homespecies indexarticles & art books & magazinesdiseasecarelinksmembersabout us


personal tools


log in




you
are here:

home













navigation






forums




species index




articles & art




 books & magazines




disease




care




links




members




about us




glossary of terms












                    
                     
                  







info




                    loaches online - community edition
                


      
      by
      jeff shafer
      
         —
    


      last modified
    
    sep 02, 2007 09:04 pm
  



welcome!  are you interested in loaches?  do you like them?  do you love them? do you think you might be a loachaholic?    then you just discovered the greatest community of like-minded people anywhere.   read about loaches online - past, present, and future >popular loaches in your aquariumclown loach(chromobotia macracanthus)kuhli loach(pangio kuhlii)hillstream loach(beaufortia kweichowensis)   yoyo loach(botia almorhae)skunk loach(yasuhikotakia morleti)dwarf loach(yasuhikotakia sidthimunki) zebra loach(botia striata)weather loach(misgurnus anguillicaudatus)blue botia(yasuhikotakia modesta)    see all the loaches in the species index >photographsloaches online represents the greatest international grouping of practical experience
with loaches to be found on the internet. it also represents the
greatest collection of images of loach species that you will find anywhere,
thanks to the photographic skills and contributions from many members. we are lucky to have the talents of many gifted photographers who share their skills and fish for all to enjoy. we ask that others please respect the photographers copyright of their work and do not use these images without first obtaining permission from the originator.featured articlesglossary of terms - understanding the language of loaches online.when you're finished reading, don't forget to visit the loach forum to talk about your loaches and other freshwater aquarium fish with people from around the world!hillstream loaches - the specialists at life in the fast lanedescription of the natural habitat and physiological adaptations of these fish, and how that impacts their care in aquaria.an introduction to keeping botiaa basic guide to keeping botiine loaches successfully. the loach almanacgeneral tips on tank environment and feeding  see more articles >





              document actions
            


send this

















        random photo
        






weather loach (misgurnus anguillicaudatus) head closeup










news




            
            1500 photos uploaded!
         
feb 03, 2008



            
            loach book published by loaches online editors
         
jan 31, 2008



            
            new site launched!
         
oct 30, 2006




          more news…
        






















                    
                     
                  













 
    
    copyright ©
    2000-2025
    loaches online
    the best site to learn all about your favorite freshwater aquarium fish!
    











