





                  diamond valley              














please note: e-bikes are temporarily unavailable.  last trout stock was 1/21/25!!
  









              book now            


open main menu








                  experience                  








                          experience                        



                          boating                        



                          fishing                        



                          trails                        



                          bike rentals                        



                          about                        






                  events                



                  more                  








                          maps                        



                          jobs                        



                          faqs                        



                          policies                        






                  contact                








facebook page






instagram page
















          experience some of the best fishing in ca        


              boat rentals            



 


      welcome to diamond valley marina    

diamond valley lake, located in hemet, is one of the largest man-made reservoirs in southern california with a capacity of 800,000 acre-feet, 260 ft deep and over 4,500 surface acres.
at the lake you will discover some of the best fishing in the state. world-renowned for its black bass fishing, we are home to bluegill and sunfish, rainbow trout, and both blue and channel catfish. “the diamond” attracts boaters from all over the world ready and willing to test their skills against monster-sized fish in these waters.
if you’re an outdoors enthusiast, the hiking and wildlife are abundant here at the lake. enjoy! 

 



        plan your adventure      










                      more info
                      



                    fishing                  













                      more info
                      



                    boating                  













                      more info
                      



                    exploring                  













                      more info
                      



                    biking                  







 



        testimonials      






such a beautiful place to take a stroll on a lazy saturday or sunday morning. picturesque views and great exercise for the whole family. 




                  alex o. on google                






this a hidden gem of wildflower bloom in inland empire. the wildflowers are really a sight to behold. staff are helpful and really nice. i visited the wildflower trail in the spring. you can do fishing and boating, which are cool. also, a good spot for birding if you're interested. i would recommend to arrive early to avoid the sun, and generally request people to stay on the designated path and not destroy the wildflowers. 




                  debmalya s. on yelp                






absolutely beautiful. spring is perfect to see the flowers, you can rent an electric bike to ride it around the lake, you can go for a run on the trails, or a walk, such a nice place to have in our backyard. 




                  jeanette h. on google                






customer services was amazing!!! the memories. we rented e-bikes to ride around the lake. the views are beautiful. so many places to stop and sit or picnic. they keep this place clean- they have many outhouses on the trail and they are kept as clean as the grounds. i don't mind paying for parking when i know where the money goes. i went with my sister but there is no option for that. we celebrated her 6oth birthday and my 61st a few days earlier. for the e-bikes- they are great...i would do it again!!! i bet when the flowers in the spring are blooming this would be amazing! we did see a few poppies popping up 




                  fowler t. on tripadvisor                






had an awesome time at diamond valley lake on the last day of spring break. our family rented an uncovered pontoon boat for half a day and spent it cruising around. a few of us did a little fishing. the staff inside the store and down on the dock were all great, very thorough in getting us set up for the day. 




                  kt g. on google                








previous





next





 













































































































 



          get outside!        


              book your boat            








proud sponsor of nami 












            diamond valley          


            2615 angler ave
                        hemet, ca 92545          












diamond valley marina is authorized concessionaire of the metropolitan water district of southern california. 

privacy policy


terms of use


accessibility statement






stay in touch
sign up with your email to receive updates.





email address








subscribe









        © 2025 diamond valley. all rights reserved.
      





