



	international match safe association and museum - established to promote the preservation, education and study of match safes
















 







facebook
                        
                         | 
                        
                    	
member login
                        
                         | 
                        
                    	
                        
                        
                    	
inventory search









 


 




home

club news

membership

convention

books

museum

patent info

links

store




 


 









































[click image to enlarge]





welcome!



                        international match safe association was founded in september 1998 by 26 enthusiasts from three countries. 
                        imsa is dedicated to the collecting and preservation of match safes and to further match safe research and education.
                         
    
                        imsa is a 501(c)(3) non-profit association established to promote the preservation, education and study of match safes.
                    























                            attention club members & webmasters
                        





                            attention auctioneers
                        





                        add a matchsafe.org banner ad to your websites and auction ads!
                        





                        do you have match safe items that our collectors might be interested in?
                        



















a new book from the international match safe association
 






night lights & envelope sealers:
european metal match holders

by neil shapiro & dagny kerner
 

                                in the 1800s central european foundries were producing some of the finest commercial metal work in the western world.
                            
 

                                two of the finest were the hanau foundry of e.g. zimmermann and the vienna, austria foundry of joseph glanz. 
                                among their varied products were iron and bronze figural match holders that both companies sold throughout europe and north america. 
                                while the match holders shared a similar function their designs were decidedly different.
                            
 

                                this book discusses the history of these products and illustrates many of the known figural match holders made by the zimmermann and glanz foundries.
                            
 














 


to order night lights & envelope sealers
[view in store]



please send payments to:


contact address:
imsa c/o neil shapiro


 
128 lancaster street albany ny, 12210-1904 usa


email:
nshapir1@nycap.rr.com


cost:
imsa members $49.00 + $6.50 usa shipping


 
non-imsa members $59.00 + $6.50 usa shipping

 
 

also available from imsa publishing:


 

japanese match safes, 2012
                                    [view in store]



 

gorham match safes, 2009
                                    [view in store]



 

exceptional match safes, 2008
                                    [view in store]











in memoriam - denis alsford, 1929-2004






 







                     disclaimer: this web site is intended for the enjoyment and edification of imsa members and other interested parties. 
                     the information provided comes from a variety of sources. 
                     imsa cannot guarantee the accuracy of any of the information presented herein, 
                     and the data presented should not be regarded as the definitive last word on any subject. 
                     diligence and care are used in the web site's preparation, but no liability or responsibility is accepted for any errors or omissions by imsa, 
                     its officers, members or webmaster.
                





general information
did you enjoy your visit
quick links

                    po box 227, riverdale, nj 07457 
                    
                    ph: 856-981-2955
                    

                     imsa@matchsafe.org


                     imsa, membership chairman




                          
email your questions



                          
email our webmaster


                          
view our guestbook



                          
sign our guestbook


                          
facebook



                          
member login




                copyrighted © 2001-2020  international match safe assoc.   all rights reserved.
            







