





















the golf club at little turtle - over 50 years of golf and tradition









































skip to content





contact us614.212.4000 member login
 
 
 
 














golf

course
practice facilities
tournaments


amenities

clubhouse
the tavern
fitness & pool
pro shop


weddings & events

weddings
events
golf outings
event inquiry form


membership

categories
request information


contact
 











golf



weddings & events


membership





golf & tradition since 1971

little turtle was named after the miami native american leader, chief mishikinakwa, “little turtle.” the club’s founders believed chief little turtle embodied ideals worth emulating and honoring. the original partners were connecticut general ins co., w. lyman case co., and m i builders. the ownership group retained the finest professionals in the country to design the clubhouse and community. schwab and twitty of west palm beach, florida designed the clubhouse, and of course pete dye was retained to design and build the golf course.
 




 



living at little turtle

apartments and condominiums in the little turtle neighborhood. beautiful views, great amenities, and so much more! click here to read more about our residential developments in columbus monthly.








highpointe condominiums
condominium homes located astride the lush greenery of course featuring high end fixtures, finishes, and appliances with many upgrade options to choose from. click here to learn more about highpointe.









turtle parc apartments
one and two-bedroom luxury apartments featuring high-end finishes, private balconies, plentiful parking, and gorgeous views of the golf course and central ohio. click here to learn more about turtle parc.





 



subscribe to learn about future events, promos, living & more at little turtle.



e-mail address










back to topgolf
amenities
weddings & events
membership
contact
member login 






5400 little turtle way, westerville, ohio 43081614.212.4000info@littleturtlegolf.com  


copyright 2025 the stonehenge company. this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.








contact us

×




 













name





e-mail







phone





interested in
---membershipgolfweddingsevents & banquetstournaments






comments






upon submitting this form your provided information will be stored for contact purposes only.
 

upon submitting this form your provided information will be stored for contact purposes only.
























