

















carpet buying and selection guide 2024









home   
sitemap   about

 

how                      
to choose new flooring                      
like a pro!
 
 carpet                      
guide | floor                      
tile | vinyl                      
plank | hardwood
| best                      
dealers

 
carpet           
    buying & selection guide 2024

 



where                                                                                                                                                    
  not to buy new carpet?



where                                                                                                                                                     
  you shop for new carpet is super important because there are lots of  
unscrupulous carpet retailers who use shady sales gimmicks, sneaky measuring  
scams, charge high prices for low-quality materials, use shoddy installers and  
provide lousy customer service.  the                     
last thing you need is to be overcharged and pressured by a pushy salespeople into buying  
the wrong carpet. carpet and flooring is a major household expense and you  
deserve first-class customer service every step of the way!

 
 
 how                                            
much should i spend on carpet?

if                                                                                                                                                     
  you are just starting your journey to buy new carpet, you are going to find                                                                                                                                                     
  that new                                                                                                                                                     
  carpet                                                                                                                                                     
  is more costly than you might expect. there are so many different                                                                                                                                                     
  factors to consider, and obtaining quality installation is hard to find and more costly than you might                                                                                                                                                     
  imagine. 
 
the  
average cost for carpet, padding and installation?
the  
average total carpet price for 2024? for a home with moderate foot-traffic,  
choosing a medium-grade carpet that is designed to last 10 to 12 years, should  
cost about $6 per square foot for the carpet, padding and  
installation. 
 
i  
am figuring about $4.25 per square foot for the carpet; about 75 cents  
per square foot for a good quality rebond padding with 8-pound density  
and 7/16" thickness; about $1 per square foot for qualified installation. 
 
of  
course, you can certainly get it done for more or less depending on your  
choices, but this is the average total cost for residential carpet replacement  
as i see it for 2024. this estimate also assumes you will be buying from a  
reputable locally-owned carpet store. check out my list of recommended                                                                  
carpet stores
 
before  
  you get started shopping for new carpet, i have 2 important questions for  
  you... 


what grade of carpet do you require for your home? 

how long do you want your new carpet to last?

you  
  need to know the answers to these questions before you head out to your local  
  carpet store. what grade of carpet should i select?
 
you 
  get what you pay for!
please  
  don't fall for any of those home improvement warehouse specials that                                                                                                                                                     
  advertise free carpet installation or other "too good to be  
  true" sales gimmicks. after more than 30 years in the carpet business, i know 
  you will only get what you pay for. i know if you find a super low price on materials 
  you will be getting lower quality materials. you don't want free installation, 
  you want your quality materials put in by qualified and experienced 
  installers. you don't want to  
  skimp when it comes to getting quality materials or qualified installation. if you do not                                                                                                                                                     
  have enough funds to afford the grade of carpet your home requires, then consider doing your project in  
  two or more stages. don't reduce the                                                                                                                                                     
  carpet quality to meet your budget limitations. do the living room this year and then do the  
  bedrooms next year, just make sure you buy from an honest and reputable, 
  locally owned flooring store. how much does new carpet cost?
 

why do homeowners overpay for new carpet? 

my daughter recently bought a toaster from a 
 discount store. it was less than $20 dollars. it only toasts one side of the 
 bread. she has to turn the bread around to toast the other side. she didn't do 
 her toaster homework. she thought it was a good deal, but she got what she paid 
 for. why do homeowners end up with carpet that doesn't perform as well as 
 expected? it's                                                                                                                                                     
because they don't do their carpet homework! by doing just a little bit of research, most                                                                                                                                                     
homeowners can quickly learn how to choose wisely and avoid costly mistakes. how to avoid common retail carpet  
 scams.
 
misleading                                                                                                      
carpet information?
 
where                             
are you getting your carpet information and advice? from advertising by 
manufacturers, corporate retailers or in-home salespeople? you might not be getting the whole story. some                                            
salespeople are more knowledgeable and more experienced than others. it's common                                                          
to get conflicting information from salespeople. everyone has their opinion but 
is it the best advice for you? 
 
retail                             
carpet websites also fail to provide complete,                                                                                                                                                       
  accurate or honest product information. it's hard to know if the information                             
is accurate and complete or blatantly misleading. this should not surprise you because                                                                                                      
we are living in the age of misinformation. today,                                                                          
a lot of product information is intentionally skewed or distorted by retail                             
advertising and by corporate brochures. they often limit or                                            
omit important facts and details that consumers must have in order to make wise and informed 
choices.                             
misinformation does not                                                                          
always mean false information, but it can mean misleading or incomplete. both are bad 
news for you                             
unless you uncover all the facts.
 
obtaining                             
accurate and complete information is critically important for anyone wanting to                             
purchase new carpet and padding. why? because selecting the wrong carpet can be a very costly mistake. for example, if you want                                                                             
your new carpet to last for at least 15 years, then you                                                                                                                     
must choose a carpet and padding that is designed to tolerate your level of foot 
traffic for the length of time you require. otherwise                             
your new carpet may not last as long as you expect. how can you make the right                             
choice without having complete and accurate information?
 
get                                                                 
honest answers to these 4 key questions


                                                                                                                  
    what makes one carpet more durable than another? carpet specifications                                                                                                                   
    


                                                                                                                  
    what characteristic makes carpet tolerate heavy                                                                                                                                                     
      foot-traffic? carpet fibers                                                                                                                   
    


                                                                                                                  
    what makes one carpet resist stains better than another? carpet                                                                                                                              
      comparison                                                                                                                   
    


                                                                                                   
    how do i avoid retail sales scams &                                                                                                                              
      rip-offs? locally owned carpet                                                                                                                   
      stores                                                                                                                   
    


how            
    much does carpet installation cost? carpet installation cost  
    2024


 
these                                                                                                                                                     
  are just a few things you need to know before you agree to buy                                                                                                                                                     
  new carpet from any retail source. i have dozens of free articles posted on                                                                                                                                                     
  my website to give you all the answers you need to make wise and informed choices. my goal is to help make sure you                                                                                                    
  choose wisely and end up happy with your                                                                                                                                                     
  carpet purchase.
 
 
how                                                                                                                                                     
  to avoid common carpet scams
buy                                                                                                                                                     
  the wrong grade of carpet and you stand to lose hundreds or even                                                                                                                                                     
  thousands! choosing                                                                                                                                                     
  the wrong grade carpet can cost you dearly! you might hope to buy carpet                                                                                                                                                     
  that will last for 15 years. what will you do when your carpet wears out in just 3 years?                                                                                                    
how to avoid carpet scams
 
we  
must adapt to change. it's not like it was                                                                                                                                                     
  50 years                                                                                                                                                     
  ago when there were limited styles and colors but all carpets were well-made                                                                                                                                                     
  and able to last a long time. today there are thousands                                                                                                                                                     
  of different colors, textures, patterns,                                                                                                                                                      
 grades and quality levels to choose from. choose the wrong grade of carpet today                                                                                                                                                     
  and you may end up having to replace it tomorrow!
 
carpet  
grades: some carpets are designed to last for                                                                                                                                                     
  only 3 to 5 years... and                                                                                                                                                     
  some carpets are made to last 7 to 10 years. some are designed to last 15 to 20 years or longer!                                            
whatever                                                                                                                                                     
  grade of carpet you buy, it will eventually wear-out based mainly on the level of foot-traffic you have in your  
home: low, medium, moderate or heavy? learn                                                                                                                                            
  more: what grade of carpet should i select?
                                                                                                                                                     



accurate           
measuring saves you money.

 getting accurate   
measurements can save you quite a bit of money. an experienced estimator can   
measure your needs and save you money by minimizing material waste. it takes   
years to learn how to strategically utilize leftover material from one area to   
fill in the needs in other areas. inexperienced carpet salespeople who are not proficient at measuring   
don't know how to do this. their biggest fear is not ordering enough material to   
finish the job. it's safer for them to add an extra 10% to 20% to the estimate than to   
risk coming up short. adding on a few extra yards                                                                                                                                                     
  of carpet to your order will relieve their fears and increase their paycheck.   
it's a win-win for them, but it's a lose-lose for you. this is another reason   
why you need to buy from a reputable, locally-owned carpet store. check out my  
special list of hand-picked, locally-owned recommended  
carpet stores near you!

                                                                                                                                                    

new  
carpet warranty maintenance requirements

 how                                                                                                                                                     
  long your new carpet will last has very little to do with the manufacturers                                                                                                                                                     
  warranty limits or the wear-rating they attach to it. it mostly depends on the amount of foot-traffic                                                                                                                                                     
  you have in your home                                                                                                                                                     
  verses the grade or quality level of carpet and the padding you select! of                                                                                                                   
course, your carpet will wear out faster if it is not properly maintained. how often should i have my carpets cleaned?










 
carpet                                                                                                                                                     
quality is not always obvious...

carpet                                                                                                                                                     
specifications are the key to understanding carpet quality. a medium-grade of carpet may last                                                                                                                                                     
7 to 12 years in your home, however, a higher-grade carpet may last up to 25 years,                                                                                                                                                     
  all depending on the amount                                                                                                                                                     
of foot-traffic you have in your home and how well you care for your carpet. 
how often should i have my carpets cleaned?



while                                                                                                                                                     
identifying a low-cost, cheaply-made carpet                                                                                                                                                     
  might be obvious for most homeowners (costing less than $20 per yard), it can be                                                                 
challenging for homeowners to tell the difference between a medium-grade                                                                                                                                                     
  carpet (priced $20 to $35 per yard) from a higher-grade carpet (costing $40 to                                                                                  
$65 per                                                                                                                                                     
  yard or more). you                                                 
can't tell the difference just by                                                                                                                                                     
  looking at the sample or feeling the softness of the pile.

 

nylon                                                                 
vs. polyester

this                                                                 
is especially true when comparing a nylon carpet with a polyester                                                                 
carpet. it is easy to be fooled into thinking the polyester carpet is a better                                                                 
choice because it is softer, it has a higher fiber face weight, and it's less                                                                 
expensive.

                                                                                                                                                     

the                                                                 
nylon fiber is not as soft as the polyester fiber but nylon is way more durable.                                                                 
consumers who make their choice based on the look, the feel, and the                                                                 
price, will almost always choose the polyester carpet because it looks softer                             
and has more fiber density. in this case, the phrase "looks can be                             
deceiving" applies.

                                                                                                                                                    

in                                                                 
a home with medium to heavy foot traffic, choosing a polyester carpet is not a                                                                 
wise choice unless cost is the main concern. what they often fail to mention, 
carpet made with polyester is prone to matting and crushing of the pile. so if you want your carpet to last as                                                                 
long as possible, choosing a nylon carpet would be the better choice. carpet fibers               
- nylon p.e.t. polyester olefin smartstrand

                                                                                                                                                  

softer                                                                 
nylon styles: not quite as resilient?

there                                                                 
are several carpet mills that offer a softer nylon carpet. carpet made with the 
"soft nylon fiber" is more costly and not as durable as a standard nylon 
fiber. the reason is, they                                                                 
extrude the fiber strand thinner to create the softer feel. in doing so it 
reduces the durability and resiliency of the carpet pile. "soft                             
nylon" as they call it may not be a good choice for heavy traffic                             
applications or homes with active kids and pets. resilience                             
is what makes tufts spring back to their original upright position after                             
being walked on. the polyester fiber is not very resilient which is why it tends                             
to mat down quickly through the main walkways, on stairs and down hallways.

                                                                                                                                                   

all carpets                                                                                                                                                     
look and feel great when brand new!

                                                                                                                                                   
however,                                                                                                                                                     
  cheaply made carpets made from polyester and p.e.t. polyester are not very                                                                                                                                                     
durable or resilient and can quickly mat down                                                                                                                                                     
in medium to heavy foot traffic areas, especially in hallways and stairs. once this happens, there is                                                                                                                   
really nothing you can do to fix the problem. if your home has                                                                                                                   
moderate to heavy foot-traffic and you buy a grade of carpet not capable of tolerating heavy foot-traffic,                                                                                                                   
any carpet warranty claim you submit will likely be denied and you will likely have no                                                                                                                   
recourse whatsoever.

                                                                                                                                                     

carpet                                                 
manufacturers expect you to choose a carpet that is suitable for your                                                 
application. that means if you have heavy foot traffic and you choose a low                                                 
quality carpet, you can't expect it to last more than a few years at best. in fact, most new carpet warranty claims are denied due to improper use than any                                                 
other reason.



                                                                                                                            
they can blame you for not taking proper care of your new                                                                                                                   
carpet; not following the required maintenance or cleaning schedule, or not                                                                                                                   
choosing the right grade of carpet to meet your level of foot-traffic you have                                                                                                                   
in your home. they may simply say that your new carpet was not installed properly. in any                                                 
case, they can use any number of reasons to deny your claim!

                                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                                    

why                                                                                                                   
buy a carpet made of nylon?

                                                                                                                                                   
carpets                                                                                                                                                    
made from nylon are generally more capable of tolerating medium to heavy-traffic                                                                                                                                                    
applications. nylon is the most durable and most resilient fiber on the market                                                                                                                                                    
today. there are different grades of the nylon fiber and you need to learn                                                                                                                                                    
what they are and what it means to your own unique application. if you have                                                                                                                   
moderate to heavy foot traffic in your home, then i suggest you select a carpet                                                                                                                   
made of nylon!

                                                                                                                                                    

comparing                                                                                                                                                     
carpet fibers

                                                                                                                 
    soronaâ® is a fiber known by 4 different names. this can be quite                                                                                                                                 
confusing for homeowners. please be                                                                
advised these four are all the exact same fiber:




                                                                                                                
    soronaâ®


                                                                                                                 
    smartstrandâ®


                                                                               
p.t.t.  (polytrimethylene                                                                                 
terephthalate) 


                                                                                                                 
    triextaâ®

mohawk's                                                                                                                   
smartstrandâ®                                                                                                                                                    
 fiber, is made from dupont's sorona polymer. in fact, i hear it is manufactured using the same or similar machines as polyester. the manufacturers                                            
say sorona is more durable than                                                 
polyester or  p.e.t. polyester. it  
is often touted to be more stain resistant than nylon, but from my own                                                                                                                                                     
experience, i think                                                                                                                                                     
sorona may be a bit more stain resistant than nylon, but only to a small                                                 
degree. i believe sorona is less durable than a                                                                                                                                
standard denier nylon fiber. the sorona                                                                                                                                                
 fiber is also more prone to matting and crushing of the pile, similar to  
polyester.
 
antron's  
6.6 nylon
stainmasterâ®                                                                                                  
and other carpet brands using  antron's 6.6 nylon fiber no longer use teflon to help resist stains. now they use a topically applied solution called  
 duratechâ®. i think antron's nylon 6.6 is                                                                                                                                                     
a very good option to consider if stain resistance and durability is a major issue for you. learn                                                                                                                                                     
more about carpet fibers
 
more                                                 
durable carpet fibers
  i                                                                                                                                   
am not as impressed with mohawk's smartstrandâ® as             
some carpet salespeople are. i don't base my opinion from reading a             
manufacturer's brochure. i don't think it is as                                                                                                           
durable as they claim, in part because of the many emails i get from unhappy             
homeowners. the common complaints are 1) that it mats down quickly in heavy             
foot traffic areas, 2) common spots and stains are not as easily removed as they             
hoped. it's priced similar to nylon, so if durability                                                                                                           
is what you need, then i think nylon is the better choice. if softness and stain                                                          
resistance is your main concern, then perhaps you should go with smartstrand.
 
in my                                                                                                           
opinion, nylon is a more durable fiber and it also resists stains and cleans easily                                                                                                           
too. nylon is the most                                                                                                                                   
resilient synthetic fiber available today. what more can you want? a cheaper price                                                                                                                                 
would be nice, but that is not going to happen anytime soon. nylon is                                                                                                                                   
more costly to manufacture than all other synthetic fibers. so that means there is less                                                                                                                                 
profit from selling nylon than from other synthetic                                                                                                                         
fibers such as smartstrand, olefin and polyester. carpet                                                 
manufacturers are pushing pet polyester carpet harder than ever before. it is                                                 
made from recycled materials (pop bottles). this is why you might find fewer                                                 
nylon carpet styles available from local carpet retailers.
 
q.                                                                                                                   
why do they push polyester carpets?
 polyester                                                                                                                         
& p.e.t. polyester are among the least expensive fibers to manufacture, which is  
why manufacturers and carpet salespeople work so hard to convince homeowners to                                                                                                                   
buy it. when you buy a carpet made from polyester, it translates into  
higher profits for the manufacturer, the retailer, and the salesperson! since  
the polyester fiber is not as durable as nylon, carpet made of polyester needs  
to be replaced more often.
 
why  
carpet                                                                                                                                              
specifications matter! 
learn all about carpet and padding specifications  to be sure                                                                                                                                                     
  you choose wisely. the "manufacturing                                                                                                                                                     
  specifications" allow you to determine the grade or                                                                                                                                                     
  quality level of a carpet or padding. carpets that are                                                                                                                                                     
  made from low-quality materials will wear out faster than those that are made                                                                                                                                                     
  using higher-quality materials. this is why you need full access to the                                                                                                                                                     
  specifications of any carpet or padding you are considering. i've made it easy  
for you, print my free carpet                     
durability guide chart it will help you narrow down your final carpet  
selections like a pro!

 
the 5                                                                                                                                                     
basic                                                                                                                                                     
carpet                                                                                                                                                     
  specifications



                                                                                                                
      fiber                                                                                                                                                    
      type - this is most important                                                                                                                                                    
      - learn more about 
                                                                                                                                                    
      carpet fibers.

                                                                                                                 
      pile                                                                                                                                                    
      height - 3/4" pile height or less                                                                                                                                                    
      helps resist matting and crushing.



                                                                               
      tuft                                                                                                                                                    
      twist
                                                                               
 - less than 5 is considered poor, 6 is considered good. 7 or above is excellent.

                                                                                                                 
      face                                                                                                                                                    
      weight - 35 to 65 ounces is considered                                                                                                                                                    
      good for most residential carpets.

                                                                                                                 
      pile                                                                                                                                                    
      density - the higher the number the                                                                                                                                                    
      more durable the carpet.

next                     
      you need to be sure to...



choose                                                                                                                                                     
      the right grade of carpet - take my free                                                                                                                                                     
      carpet foot traffic test

have                     
    your rooms measured accurately. how to measure for carpet in 4 simple steps

how                                                                                                                                                     
      to choose the correct padding


get                                                                                                                                                     
      qualified and experienced installation - carpet installation

pay                     
    a fair price for the entire project - (read                                                                                                                                                     
      about carpet                                                                                                                                                     
 cost)




after                                                                                                                                                     
  that... you must properly maintain your new carpet by:


vacuuming                                                                                                                                                     
      frequently with a good quality vacuum - learn about best  carpet                                                                                                                                                     
      vacuums


professional                                                                                                                                                     
      cleaning every other year by a certified                                                                                                                                                     
      carpet cleaner

spot                                                                                                                                                     
      clean as necessary only using approved methods!

retain                                                                                                                                                     
      all maintenance and cleaning receipts - read your new carpet warranty!

check                     
    my list of recommended carpet                                                                                  
cleaning businesses  near you!

follow                                                                                                                                                     
      all the manufacturer's warranty care and maintenance instructions to the letter!

 free  
    consumer              
report:
best & worst places to buy                                                                                                                                                     
  new carpet

 

 
 have you printed up my free carpet                     
shopping form? it will help you compare carpets side by side and be sure to ask all the                     
right questions. there                                                                                                                                                     
  are many key factors for you to consider too including - selecting the correct                                                                                                                                                     
  padding;                                                                                                                                                     
  obtaining qualified installation; and getting a good price! 
  
 take your time,                                                                                                                                                     
  take some samples home for a few days and make wise and informed choices!                                                                                                                                                     
  buying                                                                                                                                                     
  new carpet wisely starts with knowing                                                                                                                                                     
  how to select the right grade of carpet for your home! this means taking time                     
to compare samples side by side. 
 
  
learn                                               
more:


measure for carpet in 4 simple steps

best carpet and padding for stairs?

carpet                                               
    specifications explained

free                     
    forms, charts, guides and checklists

how to avoid carpet scams!

my                                                              
recommended                                                                  
carpet stores

more               
    free                        
    articles - sitemap

                                         
 

 
 
about
  the carpet professor:
looking
  to buy new carpeting but feeling overwhelmed by all the choices, options and
  potential scams? the carpet professor's website is a free unbiased carpet
  information resource and buying guide for consumers. alan fletcher is a
  retired 30-year industry expert and consumer advocate. he maintains a special
  hand-picked list of locally-owned carpet and flooring stores to recommend to
  his readers. articles
  by the carpet professor →
 






    
        what        
        are you searching for? enter keyword:



 

 
my                                                           
recommended                                                               
carpet stores
                           
    
"i only recommend                 
locally-owned stores          
with superior  service,
quality                                                                     
  products and qualified installers."





 

                          
facebook  twitter 
sitemap  email
 
howtobuycarpet.com          
abccarpetpro.com
 
 

 
 
 
â©2023                                           
alan fletcher -                                                 
all rights reserved.
all                                                 
content is the opinion of the author.
 disclaimer   
privacy                                                 
policy
 

 