









media rooms inc. - award winning home theater and electronic technologies for home and business































































































media rooms inc.
award winning home theater and electronic technologies for home and business



toggle navigation




home
services
gallery
blogprojects
cabinet shop
seating
about
awards
press

publications
testimonials


contact
 











award winning home theater and electronic technologies 
for home and business.




media rooms inc. serves homeowners, architects, builders, interior designers 
and remodelers in pennsylvania, delaware and new jersey.




our services include:





home theater








seating








home automation








whole house audio








motorized shades








lighting control








networking








custom cabinetry








surveillance








design services








theater interiors








brands




 

gallery & award winning projects





























































 

latest news:
select a photo to view the entire post, or to view previous posts.



















wine cellar
july 3, 2024

wine cellar designed by rob dzedzy. racks fabricated and installed by media rooms in house cabinet shop.



















best of houzz 2021
march 26, 2021

  we have been chosen best of houzz for the 9th year in a row! our photos have been saved over 70,000 times!



















contemporary media cabinet
september 20, 2019

  four different chemetal and interior arts veneers were used to create a contemporary look for this living room media cabinet. the cabinet was designed by rob dzedzy and built in our in-house cabinet shop. a 4k sony tv and sonos playbar complete the room.






testimonials
view the rest of our testimonials here.





rob and his team provided a holistic approach to our home theater space. my initial request was to install a projector and screen so that we could create a “family time space” now that our boys are getting older and enjoy watching movies as much as we do. upon further discussion with rob, i recognized that “doing it right the first time” was the better solution. rob took the time to provide sketches of our space with different cabinet configurations that create a warm and inviting theater along with storage space, acoustic panels, lighting options as well as decor ideas, all within our budget. upon choosing a design, his team worked diligently to deliver on time and worked with our schedule during the installation period. all of rob’s team members – joe, doug and chris are extremely responsive with any questions we had along the way. i would highly recommend media room’s for providing a custom home theater experience.




kelly









rob and his crew at media rooms, inc. did a phenomenal job designing, fabricating and installing the perfect media room in our basement. the room was challenging due to some issues related to dimensions and access to other rooms in the basement. the design worked out perfect and gave us an elevated platform with theater seating for 12 which is more than i could have possibly hoped for in that space. the quality of the carpentry and the materials that were used was top notch. communication during the project was great. we could not have been happier with the results and we use our media room nearly every day.




m. borowsky









our experience with media rooms inc. is that it has been and is a total pleasure to work with them. they are the ultimate professionals. they are creative, knowledgeable and highly accomplished at their craft. they work extremely well in a team with the client, the interior designer, the contractor and their subs. they also offer a wide range of services from a/v equipment, home theaters, custom cabinetry design, manufacturing and installation. we always have peace of mind when we refer a client to them and they are a valuable resource for successful design projects.




wpl interior design





 


 
 










 copyright © 2024  media rooms inc.  all rights reserved. west chester, pa  (610) 719-8500. pa lic 029594      
        


 







top







































