home | grand valley bank






homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files. in observance of presidents day, we will be closed on monday, february 17th.  we will resume our normal business hours on tuesday, february 18th.  got it, thanks!  fdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentgrand valley bank  toggle navigation    menuclose menu

personal


checking accounts

money market and savings

personal loans

buy a home

health savings accounts

personal debit cards

personal credit cards

cds and interest rates

iras

open an account online



business


business accounts

business loans

business solutions

business debit cards

business credit cards

ach rules updates



services


online banking & bill pay

five star money manager

zelle

credit cards

fdic insurance

anti-fraud education

avoid account takeover

financial calculators

financial guru library

resources



about


check reorders

gvb history

locations

contact us

secure contact 

bank owned properties for sale

career opportunities



 search close loginclose close online bankingwelcome back!log in to your account.usernamesign inforgot passwordenroll  close searchwhat can we help you find?search start site searchgrand valley bank 







 
 
 
 
keep it simple, one transaction at a time.


 
let merchant services help your business find the simple solution.

click here for more information








  






 
 
enhance your customer experience
 by accepting multiple payment options. 
 
learn more about merchant services here.





  






 
 
digital business solutions...


for your business that's on the go.
 


merchant services has something for your business





 play main slider/pause main slider    
make a loan payment
make secure loan payment online
loan payments  
financial calculators
the calculators can help you plan and budget for the future
calculators  
reorder checks
reorder your checks the easy convenient way...online!
reorder your checks  
business accounts
at grand valley bank, we know your time is valuable, so we provide business accounts and solutions that make your job easier.
explore business accounts  
location & hours
explore our friendly full service branch locations
come see us!  
contact us
we're always happy to help or answer your questions
contact us   






five star banking with grand valley bank - 
manage your money like a pro with grand valley bank's five star money manager. track spending, set budgets, and reach your financial goals effortlessly.  
the five star money manager is available in your online banking menu. 





   





grand valley bank visa® contactless debit card
a contactless debit card offers convenience, secure access to cash, and quick payment options. our grand valley bank contactless debit card offers convenience. 
explore debit cards


  





we understand local business banking needs
we know your time is valuable, so we provide business accounts and solutions that make your job easier.
business checking


  





reach your retirement goals
if you are in the market for a way to save money for retirement, grand valley bank is here for you.
our iras


 play secondary area slider/pause secondary area slider  our success...
our bank branches are locally and employee owned, which helps our officers and employees appreciate and understand the needs of the people we service in our communities. as we strive to continue making our history, we invite you to become a part of grand valley bank’s next chapter!  home buyers  whether you are purchasing your first home, buying a vacation home, or building your dream home, grand valley bank has the loan for you! for an interest rate quote on your unique scenario, please reach out to the gvb mortgage department. if you are ready to get things started, click on the “apply now” button below. a mortgage department representative will follow up on your request right away!

apply for a mortgage loan  credit card  apply for your grand valley bank credit card by clicking the button below. consumer and business options are available to fit a variety of needs. from competitive rates to rewards, you get to choose what card is best for you. we even have a secured card for those that want to start building or need an opportunity to rebuild their credit.

apply for a credit card  resources for you  protecting your personal information and finances comes with challenges, but there are several resources to assist you. at grand valley bank we strive to keep you up to date with the information and resources you need to protect you and your finances.

consumer resources    back to the topgrand valley bank routing number 102105353phone 1-877-859-6040xpress phone banking 1-877-778-8414lost or stolen debit card 1-888-297-3416

instagram

facebook



quick links


open an account online

make a loan payment

secure contact

financial guru library

check reorders



legal


transparency rule

privacy policy

online security





privacy policy

©  grand valley bankmember fdicequal housing lender  
