






home | international seminars in surgical oncology


















































skip to main content



advertisement


























search









                                        explore journals
                                    



                                        get published
                                    



                                        about bmc
                                    



                                my account
                            











search all bmc articles




search


















international seminars in surgical oncology










home


articles













search

















international seminars in surgical oncology ceased to be published by biomed central in 2010. the journal’s scope is covered by world journal of surgical oncology which publishes articles related to surgical oncology and its allied subjects, and we encourage you to submit your manuscript to this journal.all articles published in international seminars in surgical oncology are fully searchable. please go here for a full list of journals currently published by biomed central.





how was your experience today?



rating. a scale of 5 feelings conveyed using images that range from awful to great. the feelings represent how you feel about your experience today.






                                                please select one rating
                                            




          
an image of a cartoon face that is very unhappy.
 the value of this radio input is: awful





                   
an image of a cartoon face with a frown.
 the value of this radio input is: bad





                   
an image of a cartoon face with a neutral expression.
 the value of this radio input is: ok





                   
an image of a cartoon face with a smile.
 the value of this radio input is: good





          
an image of a cartoon face with an open mouth grin.
 the value of this radio input is: great






send feedback



thank you for your feedback.

tell us why (opens in a new tab)







advertisement


















advertisement
















international seminars in surgical oncology

issn: 1477-7800










read more on our blogs


receive bmc newsletters


manage article alerts


language editing for authors


scientific editing for authors




policies


accessibility


press center




support and contact


leave feedback


careers




follow bmc



bmc twitter page







bmc facebook page







bmc weibo page









            by using this website, you agree to our
            terms and conditions,
            your us state privacy rights,
            privacy
                statement and
            cookies policy.
                your privacy choices/manage cookies we use in the preference centre.
        





 © 2025 biomed central ltd unless otherwise stated. part of
            springer nature.
        










