











vtrc home | virginia transportation research council



 
 
 
 
 
 
 


















english
















search this project:

















about

who we are
history
facilities
vtrc teams
vtrc staff

projectsreportspartnershipsopportunitieslibrary






 

bringing innovation to transportation
tilton e. shelburne building
 

bringing innovation to transportation
route 340 bridge: virginia’s first stainless steel bridge



previous



next





vtrc home



we bring innovation to transportation

the virginia transportation research council is one of the nation’s leading transportation research centers. vtrc specializes in applied research and technical assistance to support vdot, its primary customer.
it also provides technical consulting and training of future transportation professionals through its work with the university of virginia and other virginia universities.
learn more about vtrc







the virginia transportation research council is:







a joint venture
a joint venture of the virginia department of transportation and the university of virginia since 1948








location
located in charlottesville, virginia, on the uva grounds, for the mutual benefit of vdot and the university






responsibility
responsible for all research at the virginia department of transportation






vtrc promotes advances in:


pavements



system operations



safety

materials
structures
business practices
transportation planning
traffic engineering
environment
resilience

last updated: august 26, 2024







please note that this file is not ada compliant. choose one of below options:

proceed to open file

request assistance





contact
terms and permissions
web policy
foia









        this website includes hyperlinks to sites neither controlled nor sponsored by vdot or the commonwealth of virginia. links may open in a new window. some resources on this site require the adobe reader and the microsoft powerpoint and excel viewers. if you wish to receive this content in an accessible format per section 508 of the federal rehabilitation act, 29 u.s.c. § 794 (d), call 800-367-7623.
      




©
 copyright 2025, vdot. all rights reserved







 
 
 
 
 



