
















martian anthropologist







































































martian anthropologist



a martian anthropologist is an outside observer of conditions on earth. he posits questions that earth people sometimes don't think to ask.

























































































monday, september 20, 2010







this blog has moved! to...





please visit my blog at its new location:

www.martiananthropologist.com






posted by



martian anthropologist




at

9/20/2010 05:21:00 pm



1 comment:
  





























saturday, july 03, 2010







a summer camp for atheist and agnostic kids





being an atheist parent can be tough in america.  one reason is that 
atheist parents are concerned with teaching their children to think for 
themselves, and christian parents... well, aren't.  if the jesus camp movie 
scared the hell out of you (pun intended), cheer up: now there's a summer
 camp for atheist and agnostic kids:



most of the time, the kids do normal camp stuff such as 
hike, compete in relay races, sit around campfires.  but the overarching
 philosophy is that life without religion is a perfectly healthy, viable
 option.

really?  you mean you don't have to scare your kids into believing that 
if they misbehave or don't accept jeebus, they're going to burn in hell 
for eternity?  that does sound like a healthy option!

and no, it's not simply a place to bash christianity.  they focus on 
freethinking.


katie hladky, an atheist pursuing a doctorate in american 
religious history, teaches daily lessons about world religions and their
 belief systems.  hladky won't bad-mouth faith or tell the kids what to 
think, she said.



"i feel really strongly these kids shouldn't be
 indoctrinated," she said. many of the campers, who range in age from 8 
to 17, "don't know what they are" yet when it comes to beliefs.  but 
hladky doesn't shy away from controversial discussions. when talking 
about islam, she told the campers about the debate in france about 
whether women are oppressed by wearing burqas or whether it should be 
their personal choice. she detailed the diverse views within 
christianity on homosexuality.


still, a little humor is a good thing:


despite the emphasis on open-mindedness, poking fun at faith
 isn't forbidden.  each day, the kids split into teams for competitions 
such as the human-knot race, where teams form a circle and grab hands at
 random in a tangle. they race up and down a field, then have to unwind 
the knot without releasing hands.  the team names included the flaming 
messiahs, a nod to the incinerated "touchdown jesus" sculpture north of 
cincinnati struck by lightning last week, and the dinosaur jesus riders,
 whose cheer goes like this: "yeehaw, ride that jesus!"


yeehaw, indeed.

read
 the entire article here at usa today.  and remember to follow the martian anthropologist on twitter!





posted by



martian anthropologist




at

7/03/2010 05:52:00 pm



2 comments:
  


















labels:
agnosticism,
atheism,
christianity,
jesus,
religion,
religion and spirituality












home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2010

(2)





        ▼ 
      



september

(1)

this blog has moved! to...








        ► 
      



july

(1)

















































awesome inc. theme. powered by blogger.
























