








virginia beach fishing center home | virginia beach fishing center | va fishing charter marina









































































the marina

marina info
marina store
marina amenities
nearby
vbfc history


fishing charters

book a charter
make-up charters


tournaments
dockage













 
 



 



 














full service virginia beach marina 
fishing charters
 

 
 





monthly & annual slips 
dockage
 

 
 
 
 
 



home of the largest sport-fishing fleet in va!
book now

 
 
 



let’s go fishing!
the virginia beach fishing center is the home of the largest sport-fishing fleet in virginia! we are conveniently located on rudee inlet in virginia beach, va and are open seven days a week for fuel, dockage, and information. we also offer a store full of tackle, bait, ice, t-shirts and more, as well as a large parking lot that offers parking for our customers or paid parking for any other activities at the beach.
our sport-fishing fleet is not only the largest in virginia but is comprised of some of the best captains the east coast has to offer. our charter fleet runs year-around out of virginia beach and is always ready to take you on your next great adventure. let’s go fishing, book online.
welcome transients!
diesel fuel is available in most slips, and we offer gasoline on our floating docks. we also have a newly renovated southside marina that is still able to accommodate vessels with height restrictions greater than 28′. click to learn more and reserve online.
 
 




 
 
 
 






the marina
home of the largest sport-fishing fleet in virginia! conveniently located just 200 yards from the mouth of the atlantic ocean. slips available for vessels up to 120’ in length

 
 
learn more

 




charters
the virginia beach fishing center is home to the largest and finest charter fleet in virginia. all of our boats are united states coast guard inspected, fully licensed, and are run by world class captains.

 
 
learn more

 




tournaments
from the big rock blue marlin tournament in june to the f. wayne mcleskey memorial open at the end of august you have plenty of opportunities for tournament fishing and for winning top prize!

 
 
learn more

 
 
 
 



dockage
the virginia beach fishing center is an ideal place to stop for all those traveling on the east coast. whether you are passing by for fuel or seeking dockage, the virginia beach fishing center will be more than accommodating for all your travel needs.

transient dockage, tournament slips, monthly and annual slips

 
reserve online!

 
 
 
 


 
 
  

 
 
 







contact
 
vbfccharters@gmail.com 757-491-8000
 
followfollow
 
 



follow @vbfishingcenter
 
 

webcam
 
 
click to view

 
 
 



copyright 2022 virginia beach fishing center | website by outer banks internet, inc.
 
 
 
  

 

 








  





























