george takeihometrendinglgbtqia+videolog in
        biobloggeorge's worldsign up
        george takei
    is best known for his portrayal of mr. sulu in the acclaimed television and film series star trek.george takei is best known for his portrayal of mr. sulu in the acclaimed television and film series star trek. he's an actor, social justice activist, social media mega-power, new york times bestselling author, originated the role of sam kimura and ojii-chan in the broadway musical allegiance, and subject of to be takei, a documentary on his life and career.takei's acting career has spanned five decades, with more than 40 feature films and hundreds of television guest-starring roles to his credit. he is a member of the academy of motion picture arts and sciences, academy of television arts and sciences, actors' equity association and screen actors guild-american federation of television and radio artists.with the outbreak of world war ii, los angeles, california-born takei and his family were placed behind the barbed-wire enclosures of united states internment camps along with 120,000 other japanese americans. he spent most of his childhood at camp rohwer in the swamps of arkansas and at wind-swept camp tule lake in northern california. at the end of the war, takei's family returned to their native los angeles.inspired by this difficult chapter of american history, takei developed the broadway musical allegiance, an epic story of love, family and heroism in which he starred alongside tony award winner lea salonga. allegiance's record-breaking world premiere, at the old globe theatre in san diego in 2012, won multiple awards, and was followed by a broadway run in 2015-2016.now a community activist, takei serves as chair of the council of governors of east west players, the nation's foremost asian pacific american theater. he is also a member of the human rights campaign, the largest national lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender political organization. takei is chairman emeritus of the japanese american national museum's board of trustees; a member of the us-japan bridging foundation board of directors; and served on the board of the japan-united states friendship commission under president bill clinton. in recognition of his contribution to the japan-united states relationship, in 2004, takei was conferred with the order of the rising sun, gold rays with rosette, by his majesty, the emperor of japan.with takei's expansion into social media, interest in his personal life grew. in january 2014, to be takei, a jennifer m. kroot documentary on george's life and career, premiered at the sundance film festival that january, and was later released in select theaters across north america.among his many accomplishments is a grammy nomination takei shared with leonard nimoy, in 1987, in the best spoken word or non-musical recording category. he received a star on hollywood boulevard's walk of fame in 1986. and in 1991, takei left his signature and hand print, in cement, in front of grauman's chinese theatre.as an author, takei's first book, his autobiography, to the stars, was published in 1994; and in 2012 and 2013 he published his second and third books, oh myyy! there goes the internet, and its sequel, lions and tigers and bears: the internet strikes back. the latter two books explored his forays on social media and the internet, earning placement on the amazon e-book and paperback best-seller lists in 2012 and 2013, respectively.takei's social media dominance is best denoted by his numerous awards. mashable.com named george a "social media superstar" on facebook in 2012, where he currently has over 19.6 million combined fans. in 2013, takei won the shorty award for distinguished achievement in internet culture. he has 2.8 million followers on twitter, and posts on various social media platforms. he expanded his internet presence with the 2015 youtube series, "it takeis two," starring with husband, brad takei. the "reality" series shared the couple's daily navigation of their world, with george's vibrant sense of humor and brad's less-than-optimistic pragmatism.in 2015, cosmopolitan magazine named takei "one of the internet's 50 most fascinating people." takei and his husband, brad, were married at the japanese american national museum on september 14, 2008. the takeis reside in los angeles, california.related links:photo gallerytakei weddingblog postsblog
        blog
    
        blog posts
    
        celebration of diversity
    
        our human linkage
    
        back to a diverse future
    
        power of ingenuity
    
        millennium musings
    
        a new beginning
    
        hawaii connections
    
        alien world right below
    
        excelsior passion
    
        a month of theater
    
        sky high challenge
    
        global interchange
    
        rockin' in the northwest
    
        hanover expo 2000
    
        the mother of an actor
    
        counting my blessings
    
        japan - from the past to the cutting edge
    
        millennial london
    
        wisdom from a volcano
    
        two guys named david
    
        joy and disappointment
    
        a global banquet table
    
        luck be a lady
    
        two american monuments
    
        voice transporter
    
        summer at the hollywood bowl
    
        september 11, 2001
    
        the aftermath
    
        serendipitous london
    
        sacramento roots
    
        hooray for hollywood; boo on secession
    
        surviving a texas storm
    
        flight of angels
    
        bearing witness
    
        fumiko emily takei, 1912-2002
    
        mama's "pacific overtures"
    
        summer visitors
    
        celebrating three legends
    
        oscar-winning movies
    
        historic travels
    
        "ohmiyage" gifts from japan
    
        holiday reflections
    
        a shiny double bow
    
        nasa must rise again
    
        an anglophile angelino
    
        japan
    
        andrew koenig
    
        majel barrett roddenberry
    
        statement on william shatner
    
        marriage equality come to california
    
        you gotta have friends
    
        george takei statement on proposition 8
    
        george takei on casting of john cho as sulu
    
        second wind
    
        george takei issues statement on daily variety story
    
        the forty-year trek
    
        the year of equus
    
        why howard stern?
    
        equality and justice for all
    
        tribute to pat morita
    
        tribute to jimmy
    
        catfish, scholars, and a geisha party
    
        two surprising gifts
    
        measuring tv viewers
    
        oscars: the luckiest of the best
    
        new york, new york
    
        tsunami of compassion
    
        an emperor, abe lincoln, and four presidents
    
        fund-raising with fun raising
    
        life interrupted
    
        dense enrichment
    
        seattle: the crucible of imagination
    
        trekkin' in japan
    
        an actor's new york
    
        they call her osama
    
        caribbean seatrek
    
        my arkansas roots
    
        a month of glory and fury
    
        jet lag reminiscences
    
        supporters and whoopee!
    
        beaming back in time
    
        hawaii, chicago, tulsa, and kiribati
    
        a salute to liberty
    
        renewal and nurturing
    
        the human spirit
    george's worldvideospodcastsjoin the mail listsign up below so we can get to know each other more genuinely.bioblognewsletteraboutprivacy policyeditorial staffcorrections© copyright 2025follow usdo not sell my personal information