



	turner chapel ame

















 














page updated!

×



your page has been updated and a back up was created for the previous version.


close

















get to know usour staffmeet our first familyour history, beliefs, & visionmembershipserving youservice times & directionscontact us
get involvedg.a.p. youth ministrydiscipleshipevangelismfellowshipmembershipworshipsupport ministriesother ministries
hot off the press
news & eventscalendarfinancial empowermentbible study & sunday schoolinvite a friend
medialive broadcastbible searchphoto galleryvideo library
resourcesbereavementmission's minutescomfort & carevolunteer opportunitiescounselingprayer requestsemployment opportunitiesthe marcus mission househealth & wellnesslandlord & tenant assistancereward & recognition programtcc resourcesbusiness directory
donategive onlinegiving faq













get to know usour staffmeet our first familyour history, beliefs, & visionmembershipserving youservice times & directionscontact us
get involvedg.a.p. youth ministrydiscipleshipevangelismfellowshipmembershipworshipsupport ministriesother ministries
hot off the press
news & eventscalendarfinancial empowermentbible study & sunday schoolinvite a friend
medialive broadcastbible searchphoto galleryvideo library
resourcesbereavementmission's minutescomfort & carevolunteer opportunitiescounselingprayer requestsemployment opportunitiesthe marcus mission househealth & wellnesslandlord & tenant assistancereward & recognition programtcc resourcesbusiness directory
donategive onlinegiving faq



































join us every sunday at 9:30am


location 


watch us live 



























whats happening
feb16the sermon on the mount sunday school class
feb16men of christ sunday school class (men only)
feb16women anchored sunday school class (women only)
feb16the parables of jesus sunday school class
full calendar




our vision: the
 vision of turner chapel ame church is to make a difference in people's 
lives by extending the ministry and mission of jesus christ.
our mission:  our
 mission of turner chapel ame church is to introduce and connect persons
 everywhere to the saving, redeeming, liberating and transforming power 
of our lord and savior,  jesus christ. 
our core values: love god.  love each other. love the word. love your neighbor.
learn more






click for more information



































live broadcast
join us live this sunday at 9:30am. 











meet pastor tar-u-way r. a. bright sr., servant leader  rev. dr. tar-u-way r.a. bright, sr., is the 54th senior pastor of 
turner chapel ame church.  he was appointed by bishop reginald t. 
jackson on june 1, 2018.  pastor bright is married to first lady retta 
bright and they are  the proud parents of two children, tar-u-way, jr. 
and taretta.










learn more










get the app
download the turner chapel ame on demand app today to gain access to special live and on demand content from turner chapel!




















stay connected








492 north marietta parkway, marietta, ga 30060
contact usprayer requests






© copyright 2025, turner chapel ame, all rights reserved.



top















