



show search

the suburban times – a community bulletin board for western pierce county.














































 skip to primary navigation skip to main contentthe suburban timesa community bulletin board for western pierce county.stories

to know
to do
to ponder


events

submit 1-day event


obituaries
subscribe
advertise

contact


share your story
show searchsearch this website hide searchletter: shadows of defiance
february 17, 2025 · leave a comment · submitted by greg alderete. the dusty winds of montana swept across the plains as the 7th cavalry marched toward the little bighorn. over a century later, in a city half a world away, the deafening hum of rotors filled the air above mogadishu as helicopters descended into a labyrinth of hostile streets. two battles, separated […]
clover park school board to host board candidate forum feb. 19
clover park school district · february 17, 2025 · leave a comment · lakewood, wash. — the clover park school district (cpsd) board of directors will hold a board candidate forum/special meeting on wednesday, feb. 19, at 5:45 p.m. in room 4 of the student services center located at 10903 gravelly lake dr. sw, lakewood, wa 98499. a forum will be held featuring candidates for the interim district 4 director […]
auditions for rocky at tacoma little theatre
february 17, 2025 · leave a comment · submitted by tacoma little theatre. tacoma little theatre is holding auditions for the washington premiere of rocky.  this production will be directed by chris serface, choreographed and assistant directed by ashley roy-simpson, and musically directed by lindsay delmarter.  auditions will be held on sunday, march 9th and monday, march 10th at tacoma little theatre (210 n […]
pierce county seeking mural artists to beautify and protect public spaces
pierce county · february 17, 2025 · leave a comment · pierce county is launching a pilot mural program to transform public spaces frequently targeted by graffiti and vandalism into vibrant works of public art. three mural opportunities located on pierce county-owned properties in unincorporated areas are open for artist applications. the project aims to engage the community and artists in beautifying public spaces, fostering civic pride, […]
letter: when you’re given a second chance at love
david anderson · february 17, 2025 · leave a comment · when you’ve lost the one you thought you never would, you may find yourself going about your days wistfully watching couples strolling hand-in-hand, laughing, and smiling and posing for selfies. or you see them in church, snuggling close, one arm around the other, occasionally one laying their head on the shoulder of the other all […]
nobles bill to ban flavored tobacco, nicotine products heard in committee
washington state senate democrats · february 17, 2025 · leave a comment · a bill aimed at curbing youth tobacco use was heard in the senate health & long-term care committee friday.  senate bill 5183, sponsored by sen. t’wina nobles (d-fircrest), would ban the sale of flavored tobacco and nicotine products, including menthol cigarettes, flavored vapes, and nicotine pouches. the bill also prohibits “entertainment vapor products” — devices […]
the lakewood city council feb. 18 meeting agenda
city of lakewood · february 17, 2025 · leave a comment · the lakewood city council’s next regular meeting will take place on feb. 18 (6 pm). access the agenda and ways to attend here.
senate passes nobles bill to increase voting access for uniform, overseas citizens
washington state senate democrats · february 17, 2025 · leave a comment · a bill to increase access to the ballot for uniform and overseas citizen voters passed the senate wednesday, feb. 12.  senate bill 5017, sponsored by sen. t’wina nobles (d-fircrest), aligns washington’s election laws with national standards by adopting the uniform military and overseas voters act (umova). the bill maintains washington’s automatic ballot delivery for these […]
u-haul thief caught after hit-and-run
pierce county sheriff's department · february 17, 2025 · leave a comment · on february 5 around 1:00pm officers were dispatched to the 14000 block of pacific avenue south for a hit and run collision involving a u-haul box truck and small sedan. the female driver of the u-haul fled the scene on foot and the u-haul had been confirmed stolen. shortly after, another call came in stating there were 5 males who witnessed the crash and followed the […]
page 1
page 2
page 3
interim pages omitted …
page 2008
go to next page »

copyright © 2025 · the suburban times · log inabout tst
advertise
comment policy
contact
subscribe
privacy policy
terms of service
 














