














labradoodle puppies, rainmaker ranch labradoodles fl, ga and sc












labradoodle puppy florida, labradoodle puppy south carolina, labradoodle breeder georgia




labradoodle puppy
rainmaker ranch labradoodles



  
home 

  


 
questions and answers

    

labradoodle puppy application

    

available labradoodle puppies
 

    

about us
 

    

 current and past labradoodle puppy pictures
 





 

 
labradoodle puppies
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 

labradoodle breeder 


 health, temperament and conformation are our guiding principles.
australian labradoodle puppies, mini and micro mini (about 18-20 lbs) on the way.  join the puppy list, just fill out an application to get started and have a puppy to join your family. 
maple and riley are both due in february. maple is due with micro mini australian labradoodle puppies.  riley is due with mini australian labradoodle puppies.
		
		
.
we have optional delivery, and puppy training available in atlanta, orlando, and charleston.

please click the questions and answers link above for details on australian labradoodle puppies and our program. fill out a puppy application if you are interested.


  to fill out an application, please click on the link above.

we are proud to state over 80% of our wait list was referred to us by families with labradoodle puppies from our program or legacy families, families returning for another labradoodle puppy from us.  we sincerely appreciate the strong confidence in our program. 
click to see puppy wait times and openings
 
 
rainmaker ranch labradoodle breeders mission: 
to bring families an exceptional labradoodle, exceptional in labradoodle health, temperament and conformation. 

 
labradoodle health:
we select only the healthiest of labradoodle parents, grandparents and great grandparents for your labradoodle puppy. we have completed all the canine expert suggested labradoodle genetic health testing on all the generations of your labradoodle puppy to ensure a lifetime of health. 
labradoodle breeders since 2001
we believe that to breed a  healthy labradoodle family companion, then the parents of your labradoodle puppy must also be healthy family companions! 
 
labradoodle temperament:
labradoodles should be loving, smart, silly, and laid back. we are very careful in ensuring that the  parents of your labradoodle puppy have the same temperament you would want in a family labradoodle dog. 
we are three expert labradoodle breeders working together, we only have one or two australian labradoodle dogs each and one  litter at a time so we can focus on the labradoodle puppies and the families who are adopting them,  our labradoodle breeding dogs are loved family pets always living inside with us. we breed labradoodles in our home under the supervision of our veterinarian breeding
    specialist, we do not cage or kennel our dogs or puppies. 
our australian labradoodle breeding dogs are members of our family, sleeping on our kids' beds at night, living indoors, and are loved constantly.  
 our belief is that being a labradoodle breeder is not a
    right, but a responsibility to the labradoodle breeding dogs and puppies. 
 
labradoodle conformation:
we are an australian labradoodle breeder and breed no other breed. our soft fleece coated puppies are bred in chocolate, black silk, apricot, cream, caramel, cafe,   parti (two colors), phantom, merle and sable. we only breed fleece coats, soft and loopy. we breed wide body, stocky, silly labradoodle dogs. we do not think labradoodles should look like any other breed; just a cool looking casual dog. we breed labradoodles for non shed and allergy friendly (as much as a dog can be) coats.
australian labradoodle breeders

it takes years to develop a solid program of healthy, great
    temperament labradoodle parent dogs who in turn bring along consistent, soft fleece coated, incredible australian labradoodle puppies.  


    come visit our home, be greeted by our incredible labradoodle dogs and talk with us about our labradoodle breeding program.
  

labradoodle information
rainmaker ranch labradoodle information section offers information about labradoodle and australian labradoodle dogs and labradoodle puppies. 
      this includes everything you need to know about our excellent   labradoodle puppy breeder program,  from wait list, labradoodle health, labradoodle size, color, available labradoodle puppies, and labradoodle  information to prepare you for your new  labradoodle puppy.
      

      for more details just click here

 
if you are looking for a labradoodle puppy in fl or a labradoodle puppy in sc you have come to the right place, rainmaker ranch labradoodle breeder, welcome.
we breed labradoodle puppies local to south carolina, north carolina, tennessee, kentucky, indiana , missouri, illinois, florida, west virginia, louisiana, alabama and georgia.
tampa fl, charleston sc and atlanta ga
 



labradoodle information, 

about us and our labradoodles
allergies and labradoodles
application
available labradoodle puppies
breeding dogs, our labradoodle parents
breed, labradoodle standard
care, labradoodle dog care
coat, our labradoodle coat types
colors of labradoodles in black, chocolate, apricot, cream, parti labradoodles
cost of a labradoodle
dogs, our labradoodle breeding dogs
gender, male or female labradoodle
grooming labradoodles
health guarantee
kids and labradoodle puppies
parent dogs, our labradoodle parents
price of a labradoodle
 process, our labradoodle process
questions
rescue, labradoodle rescue
shedding, do labradoodles shed?
sizes, labradoodle size
labradoodle temperament
training labradoodle puppies
types, labradoodle types
wait, coming litter, labradoodle puppies available











        search our labradoodle puppy website


 










 

 
a dog has one aim in life. to bestow his heart.
jr ackerley (1896-1967)
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
micro mini labradoodles, mini labradoodles, medium labradoodles to standard labradoodle puppies (chocolate, black silk, cream, apricot, cafe, silver, merle, phantom and parti labradoodles) of excellent labradoodle health, temperament and conformation. 


here's love. disguised as a mop. 
peter gray, b.1928 


 
 
we are a labradoodle breeder in tampa fl, and charleston sc, local to atlanta ga. 
  






labradoodle puppy training

we have a labradoodle puppy training program. you can have your labradoodle puppy trained with one of our labradoodle puppy trainers in our puppy life lessons training program. this program involves your labradoodle puppy living with a trainer in their home for 2 to 4 weeks after they leave our home. this starts house training , basic obedience, crate training, socialization, leash training and just the basic elements of living with a family.  




labradoodle and australian labradoodle information, recommended breeder

rainmakerranchlabradoodles@gmail.com

  labradoodle breeder - labradoodle information- labradoodle pictures




 
 

 
 



rainmaker ranch labradoodle breeder fl, labradoodle breeder sc, and labradoodle breeder ga for families worldwide. labradoodle puppies local to south carolina, tennessee, arkansas, mississippi, alabama, georgia, missouri, kentucky, illinois, florida, north carolina, kentucky and virginia and delivery options available.
email us
we only breed labradoodles in our home as family companions
(c)
  copyright photos and text, rainmaker ranch labradoodles 2001 to present.
labradoodle breeder fl, labradoodle breeder sc, labradoodle breeder ga
 




