

west texas hunting and recreational land

















 

homepagelandhomes & commercialsandersonlandlocked propertywildlifewater for wildlifeplantslinks





 





 


	sanderson real estate, inc.
serving terrell and brewster counties since 1994






in remembrance ofmorris k. gully, jr.1942-2004real 
      estate brokerfriend of the desertoriginator of this 
      site


in late november of 1972, a piper comanche taxied to the end of the dirt and gravel runway on a ranch southwest 
of sanderson and shut down the engine.  as the dust settled, the man in the copilot's seat climbed down off the 
wing and lit the stub of cigar he'd been chewing on for the last 2 hours.  the pilot followed him out of the plane, 
donned his sweat-stained stetson "open road", and turned to help his 5-year old son down onto the hard west texas ground.  
the pilot and the man with the cigar stretched their legs and began unloading their luggage and hunting gear as the 
little boy gazed upon this new world.  the little boy tugged at the pilot's pant leg.  the pilot looked down at his son.  
the wide-eyed boy looked up at him and said, "daddy, this is real john wayne country, isn't it." ...and so my father's love
 of this country was passed down to me.





land for sale
homes and commercial property for sale

sanderson, texasthe last best place in big bend!


low taxes. low cost of living. good public schools. 
        dsl, local dial-up, direct and satellite internet access.
in terrell county. big bend country. a great place to raise a family,
	retire, or own recreational or hunting land.

if you are interested in our community, call 432-345-2969 or e-mail sreinc94@gmail.com 
	for more information.
texas real estate commission consumer protection notice
information on this website is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed.      
      
sanderson real estate, inc. po box 656sanderson, tx. 79848 
	432-345-2969 (phone & fax)e-mail:sreinc94@gmail.com 



all images on this website are copyright 2014, sanderson real estate, inc., all rights reserved