














home - kosins



















































 






















about

history
meet our team
testimonials
rental policies
careers


events

tips & guidelines
resource list


tents

tent styles
tent selector
sizing guidelines


products
inspiration
news
contact

donation request
event consultation


 











0






















 
 close
							







for every occasion					

							special events • weddings • parties						








						planning done right 




we pride ourselves in having the best customer service and selection of rental/sales products that can encompass a variety of events. as a family-owned business, we have a vested interest in maintaining our solid reputation with great pride and responsibility.


that’s why we’re committed to providing hard-working, customer-oriented employees and competitive pricing. with a convenient location, timely delivery, and on-site service, kosins will provide the service you need to get the job done. place your trust in us, and we will show you how we treat our customers like family.





							make and appointment with an event designer						







our services
kosins has the largest and most comprehensive catalog of event rental equipment in the dayton area and we continue to update and expand our extensive inventory daily.







tent rental







event decor







audio visual







entertainment







concession







linens







chairs







tables







china









testimonials












“i want to thank you for providing the sound system for the keybank event. your efforts to ensure our district meeting was a success were certainly appreciated. also, i can’t thank you enough for taking control of everything when we spoke on the phone.”




“your customer service is astounding and appreciated. we can’t thank you enough.”




“kosins was probably one of the greatest finds of the whole wedding. they were so nice when my husband and i just showed up at their show room half an hour till close. our wedding was during the very busy graduation time so we had to tweak a few delivery times but we rented our tent, tables, chairs, and linens for a jaw droppingly low price. i had no idea this kind of service could cost the amount it did.”




“thank you kosins!  and don’t say “it was nothing”, because it meant everything to us…our dance is something we will always remember!”




“kosins was probably one of the greatest finds of the whole wedding. they were so nice when my husband and i just showed up at their show room half an hour till close. our wedding was during the very busy graduation time so we had to tweak a few delivery times but we rented our tent, tables, chairs, and linens for a jaw droppingly low price. i had no idea this kind of service could cost the amount it did.” – 5 stars on weddingwire.com




“thanks for your very efficient and friendly service! the tents in the backyard really set the atmosphere for two wonderful parties during our wedding celebration weekend! thanks again!”




“i wish to relay to you what a fantastic experience our company had with the incredible people working at kosins. lori was extremely helpful in the planning stages of our event and kept up with the daily changes and switches we made to the layout. she was always friendly and willing to do anything we wanted. she offered ideas and solutions and made my job much easier. tony also went above and beyond during the tent set-up and preparation of the event. he calmed our nerves and set up a beautiful tent. his knowledge and expertise were obvious, and he also went above and beyond to make this event smooth and seamless. governor taft and senator hobson were both quoted as saying this was the best groundbreaking they had ever attended. for this, we are eternally grateful, and wish to relay our sincere appreciation.”




“on behalf of the americana festival committee, i would like to express my sincere thanks for the moonwalk, dunk tank, and tents that you provided. as always, you and your staff present yours in a very professional manner. i appreciate all of the help and guidance that you provided before, during, and after the event.”










						view more					


























						copyright 2025					

						kosins tents and events
					

						the ohio event company
					



						1660 thomas paine parkway, centerville, ohio 45459					

p:
(937) 312 1613


f:


e:
info@kosins.com



hours of operation

								mon															
							9am - 4pm

								tue															
							9am -4pm

								wed															
							9am -4pm

								thu															
							9am - 4pm

								fri															
							9am - 4pm

								sat															
							by appointment only

								sun															
							closed


follow us




















dayton web design by lion + panda


































