


roger federer magical tennis






















federer stuffthe giants of the game - a concise look at tennis historycelebration of champions: an essayroger federer vs rod laverroger federer vs bjorn borgroger federer vs pete samprasin pictures: rog
fed's serve - an analysisfederer's playing style guideearly days pics & familyfed's coaches timelinevideo of roger in ultra-slow motionintroducing ninja - a biographyover the yearsall about gearmirka stuffbio on miroslava 'mirka' vavrinecroger federer & mirka picturesmaking of the magicianroger's first coachwho is peter carter?peter lundgrentony rochereto staublipierre paganinipavel kovac caius schmidcurrent tennis eventsrog in 2005: a look back
roger's schedule for 2005rfcosmetics - feel the touchatp charity auctionshelpful bookmarksother fansites on rog
more information on fed expresstennis video and dvdsextra tennis games on rogerroger and switzerland - a map storylook to the starstennis on helipad at dubaitennis on floating court at elbeother stuffsaving streaming videosthe champions listfederer videos and more



 








which slam has the best chance for federer to win in 2012public opinionview results

next up:  shanghai -   basel - paris - london

recent: 

us open -

 cincy - canada - wimbledon - roland garros -  madrid -



estoril -



rome -



miami -



indian wells - 

australian open - doha



recent quotes from federer
federer on facebook






federer tennis tracker




jan 31: with a superb performance, federer matched the open-era record of winning four australian opens by winning against andy murray. it was also a time of firsts - first as a father, first of the new decade. congrats roger! in retrospective, fed was just two points away from holding all four slams at the same, a non-calendar slam. july 05: federer has done it - by winning his 6th wimbledon in a heart-wrenching final against andy roddick, federer staked his claim on the history books by surpassing pete sampras' record. tennis history is too tangled and intertwined by various events as rod laver says, "you know, it's hard for anyone to come out and say who's the best ever."   and here's a salute to greats of the game. federer is all set to enjoy the game for the rest of his career. enjoy a look-back at roger's career so far (courtesy of atp tour)june 07: it's destiny at its finest hour. admist the support of french crowd along with slight drizzle, federer cracked his own holy grail - winning the french open at his 10th attempt and his first win in four finals. astonishing as it is, federer has now equaled the open era record of 14 grand slam titles. and fittingly, some inspiring words straight from kipling - read by federer and nadal."if you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs and blaming it on you;if you can trust yourself when all men doubt you, but make allowance for their doubting too;if you can wait and not be tired by waiting..."oct 13: federer stuck with his winning formula this year and reaped dividends as he won his fifth straight us open title. only three men in the history of the game has more us open titles - sears, larned and the great tilden. here's a highlights video. champions always have known to come back when the odds are small, lights are dim and the stage left behind..aug 17: roger federer has finally achieved his long-time dream of being an olympic champion by winning an olympics gold with his good friend, stan wawrinka at the doubles. what a glorious day!july 31: this devastating month of july will be viewed by fans and historians as a key turning point in roger's career. from a heart-wrenching loss in the wimbledon final to his twolosses in the hard court master series, the four years at the top has taken its toll. it's likely that is his number one streak of 234 consecutive weeks will come to a screeching halt. "it's a pity", as roger would say.. june 22: against the green background of grass courts, roger won halle for the fifth time. the timing was impeccable to erase the disappointing memory of losing the final at roland garros the last three years.apr 25: roger is back with a bang as he won a sensational match at monte carlo against his famous nemesis, david nalbandian. signs are here that roger is finally fighting off the flu, lack of conditioning and match fitness. now he plays djokovic, to whom he lost at the australian open.mar 1: at australian open, after the stomach sickness, a tough 5-setter with tipsarevic and loss in semi-finals against djokovic, federer gave a great, exhaustive interview as he starts dubai open this week. and he won the fourth straight laureus and first to do so. congrats roger!dec 15: a nice video to wrap up the year. great shots of federer from 2007. happy holidays!oct 19: here's a cool painting by stephen holland.sep 09: after a great summer on hard courts, winning at cincy and finals at montreal, federer won his fourth consecutive us open against wind, great fight from djokovic and bomb serves from isner and roddick. truly a great classy effort for his 12th grand slam. check out this great article. "surely, watching federer is the closest any of us will get to paradise on earth in a sports arena." claims this awesome article.july 15: federer did it with panache to a 5-peat at wimbledon, as this commentary exclaims, "what federer also did, and really only he could, was in one match pay homage to an entire history of tennis. he saluted bill tilden’s generation with his attire, honoured laver’s grand australians with his manners, connors with his spirit, mcenroe with his art, borg with five wimbledon wins, and when he twice was 15.40 in the fifth, and used serves to extricate himself from distress, one word flew across the mind: sampras." can't say much better, can we?june 23: the grass is always greener as wimbledon is this sunday! roger fans unite and give him a big wish as he aims to match history in the next two weeks.june 10: with a heart-breaker final against nadal on the red clay, federer skipped halle to rest his minor injury. he has made the finals of 8 consecutive grand slam finals. never done before!!may 23: after breaking with his coach, roger was on fire (crazy rally, reaction) against nadal at hamburg masters. with his fourth clay masters, roger is on perfect timing for roland garros. good luck roger on the looming french open test.may 13: after his shock defeat at rome masters, federer has fired his part-time coach, tony roche just before hamburg.may 9: roger won his fourth dubai title in march, before tumbling to canas twice in indian wells and miami. with the clay season well underway, federer was denied his title at monte carlo by nadal. back with coach roche, federer is busy training and playing at rome. check out this awesome vogue 9-page article on roger with cool pics!!jan 29: roger federer does what he does the best. he won his third australian open to raise his slam count to 10 slams. woot !! do check out this great article - federer immune to the laws of sport.jan 24: as roger gets to play roddick tommorow at the australian open sf, enjoy this great article by jake niall.jan 9: roger federer plays in kooyong exhibition this week before he defends his crown at the australian open. in his vacation, he went to india as an unicef ambassador to mark the second aniversary of the tragic tsunami and says, "i have spent a lot of time with the children and i think i now know each of them by their first name, children are our future, and for that reason i have tried to inspire them." what a great champ !! (also a video).nov 23: more on the federer-nadal exhibition at south korea here. nov 19: federer finished the year with an impressive win at the masters cup in shanghai. with it, he will break the jimmy connors record of consecutive weeks at number one. he would do so sometime after the upcoming australian open. federer plays nadal again in an exhibition on nov 22. after a short break, he will be in doha to practice with coach roche before starting his next season. wishing you happy holidays !!oct 29: federer finally won his first home town title this week at basel against gonzalez. after his emotional loss in 2001 against henman (video) and 2002, federer was over-joyed at his win. highlights of all his matches this year are here. and here's the gorgeous trophy.oct 22: roger won his 10th title this year at madrid and has done so for the last three years. roger won tokyo with the blog-power, and madrid after his impressive victory against gonzalez. the eventful tourney concluded with models as ball girls and champagne celebrations. and the now popular 'shhh' from berdych.oct 1: heads up! roger is blogging in tokyo this week for atp.sep 10: against an inspired andy, roger won a tight us open final for his 9th grandslam. congrats roger !! tiger woods was in roger's box as they were both managed by img. roger had a +50 differential with 69 winners and just 19 errors. insane and simply mind-numbing !!! also buy a feder-bear that will be available soon as a part of the roger's unicef charity initiatives.sep 2: in a rain-interrupted week at the us open, agassi and king has grabbed the headlines. roger has been under the radar and he hit a magical shot (vid) against henman yesterday. on a serious note, wanna spend an hour exclusively with roger and tony roche? humpty dumpty foundation is auctioning (pdf) for its charity for children.aug 21: federer won the canada masters after several 3-setters and an intense final against young gun richard gasquet before losing to andy murray in the 2nd round of cincy masters. he looked pretty tired after playing back-to-back masters and is now preparing for the us open. do check out this awesome article from david wallace titled "federer as religious experience" at nytimes.july 9: federer does it in style as he wins his 4th straight wimbledon. after a really rough draw and an unexpected final against nadal, finally federer conquered his nemesis to grab his 8th grand slam. congrats roger. and may all the federer fans rejoice !! do check out this classic camaraderie picture and video [thanks beernutz]. and also his post match interview. and do check out insider info [3rd post] about his jacket. and some pics.june 20: wimbledon is finally here and roger got his fourth halle title. considering it is just the week after paris, roger brought his fitness trainer pierre paganini with him. it is remarkable how he went through a tough draw and transistioned to grass. read his post-match interview after his final against tomas berdych. by the way, max mirnyi is blogging this week at atp.june 12: roger showed why he is a class-act with his post-match interview after his heart-breaking defeat at the hands of the young rafael nadal and his french open blog. roger admitted he didn't play as well as he has played at earlier matches. it surely is disappointing the way he approached from the second set after his stellar set. anyways, on to the greener lusher wimbledon. he plays halle this week.may 22: next week is the french open, with federer and nadal as top two seeds. meanwhile checkout the transcript of the federer's radio interview. it is very nice, frank and honest interview ranging from his one-dimensional comment to his childhood crush with gabriella sabatini. here is the part one and part two of the interview. also see this video of the amazing shot a few years back against roddick [thanks a guy]. and yes, he does it with style. roger wins his second consecutive sportsman of the year title at the laureus world sports awards !! congrats, roger.may 14: roger played against clay king nadal in a five hour five setter marathon match with 3 tiebreaks and lost a heartbreaker. scoreline, 7-6(0), 6(5)-7, 4-6, 6-2, 6(5)-7, says it all. roger showed his heart as a true champion at the rome masters. congrats to nadal on tieing guillermo vilas's clay court win streak of 53.may 1: federer played in an exhibition match at sierre. here is a short clip and more pics here [thanks mrs.b]. read all about the encounters of roger and nadal on clay (at roland garros 05 and monte carlo 06) in this excellent article.apr 24: federer went down bravely against a red-hot nadal at monte carlo yesterday :(. but he got a nice measure of nadal ahead of the french open. check out his post match interview (as well as nadal's). in other news, wimbledon still refuses equal pay for women :(apr 22: it's federer vs nadal on red clay tommorow. do check out the scores here and live on computer here. nadal is 3-1 head-to-head against roger.apr 3: federer became the first man to win back-to-back double masters in tennis after a tough fightout against ivan ljubicic yesterday. after a couple of weeks rest, he plays at montecarlo masters, supposedly the closest to roland garros clay. between, he joins an elite list as an unicef goodwill ambassador in ny today. check out the atp's new page that celebrates his off-tennis charity work and his interview.mar 31: just like his brilliant tennis against blake yesterday, federer has signed an exclusive memorabilia deal. check out his roger federer collection at steiner sports. looks good to me.mar 20: federer had his highs and lows last week and won decisively against james blake for his 9th tennis masters shield. if there is only one article that you ever want to read about federer, read this.mar 14: federer is currently playing at the pacific life open at indianwells, ca. atp has this cool highlight video thingy available for free here. also check out the blogging series by various top ranked players participating in tournaments.mar 7: after playing sublime tennis for a set and half, roger went down to nadal in 3 sets at the dubai open final. check out his post-match interview.feb 27: if you are a fan of mobile games, check out this cool federer game that can be played on a variety of phones and it just costs $7. also, check out their demo.feb 03: a couple of stuff for the weekend: do listen to the tennis podcast from kevin mcclure. it looks very exciting. also read all about the federer's saga with sponsorship on this article.jan 29: federer did it with amazing struggle and emotion at the melbourne park. he overcome challenges of his own with his ankle recovery and train-rolling-down with baghdatis, one to watch in the years to come. roger was clearly moved with rocket rod giving him his 7th grand slam. write a poem about roger and win cool stuff. deadline is feb 6th. do check out the video of federer's speech during the trophy presentation from rod laver here. it was so wonderful to see roger emotional and how much that trophy meant to him..jan 17: with the third title at doha and exhibition matches at kooyong, federer is through to the second rd at the aussie open as a heavy favorite.jan 06: federer starts his season with a bang as he is in the final defending his title at doha against the exciting teenager gael monfils after winning over tommy haas. tony roche has been busy training roger as well as giving interviews like this and that. roger is also quoted on the media saying his ankle injury has completed healed and he's fit !!older published news (2005) and interesting articles


translate into: español 
           | deutsche 
           | français 
           | italiano 
           | português 
           | 简体字 
           | 日本語 
           | 한국말
           | русский язык


 


federer magictranslate to deutsche français


all about the swiss tennis super-star roger federer, an amazing person who shines beyond tennis. get the latest word about the magic he does with his strings.





	sign-up to receive new posts.
	

powered by google groups

autogramm-adresse:  	
   roger federerpostfach ch-4103bottmingen, switzerlandmanagement@rogerfederer.com
   contact: email© rama







 










