


nj solar powered geothermal geoexchange heat pump home heating









  "geo-systems are solar energy powered. "they eliminate all fossil fuel bills". while providing the most comfortable, healthy, energy efficient, clean, ecofriendly "green near zero" homes and buildings in new jersey. design, installation, service and repair by  ablenvironmental  732-899-0019

 

stop using coal, gas, oil, wood or propane carbon based fossil fuels to heat your home. free solar powered geothermal heating energy is just under your feet. let's use this stored solar energy with our geothermal heat pumps using geoexchange technology at your address to transfer heat from the earth into your home in winter (heating) and back into the earth in summer (cooling). visit us on facebook for pictures, videos, articles, info, etc.
the earth is a giant solar collector that absorbs solar energy from the sun and stores it underground as thermal energy. here in new jersey we use this stored energy with geoexchange energy transfer wells connected to a geothermal heat pump to unlock this free solar powered geothermal heating energy.  open loop geothermal heating, cooling, hot water systems use ground water energy transfer wells (geoexchange). closed loop geothermal systems use geoexchange energy wells with fluid filled u bend underground piping to transfer (geoexchange) this free solar powered geothermal energy. standing column's are a hybrid combination of open and closed loop using geoexchange in rock formations to transfer this free energy.
geothermal  geoexchange "geo-systems" are the only solar energy heating systems that work 24/7 even when the sun isn't shining. they are the ultimate energy management tool part     heating  , part  cooling   and part   piggy bank !!       geothermal  geoexchange systems unparalleled 500% + energy efficiency means "down to earth"   cost of  heating, cooling & hot water.  click here for tv newscast video describing geo-systems design & installation in new jersey  and     pbstv  "go greener"  video.  "   geo-systems are not an expense but an investment.    



  you will enjoy four seasons of comfortable, temperate, healthy, clean filtered air 24/7, no more blasts of hot or cold air. built in humidity control make your basement recreation room luxuriously livable.  energy recovery fresh air ventilators  ,   "uv" germicidal air purification   further enhance your level of comfort and safety including reduced allergens, dust, mold, mildew, germs, volatile organic chemicals & carcinogens. no chimney, flame, smoke, hydrocarbons, carbon monoxide or potentially dangerous explosive fossil fuels.  the united states department of energy usdoe endorses the use of geo-systems for a cleaner, healthier environment to reduce urban smog, acid rain, carbon footprints, plus a huge savings in electricity. the smallest installed geothermal geoexchange system is equal to planting an acre of trees   or removing 2 cars from the road.    we are insured and licensed master njdepe well drillers & electro-mechnical contractors. we are also the first and only  lifetime certified geoexchange  geothermal designer installer   in the state of nj and the first and the only company to build an energy star solar powered geothermal geoexchange heated & cooled near zero model home. we are recognized as the established leader in the industry, uniquely qualified in the utilization of these solar energy powered geothermal geoexchange  heating,   cooling  , hot water systems.  owned and operated by experienced specialists in the technological aspects of planning, design, selection, application, installation, service, repair & maintenance of all equipment currently available for residential, commercial, industrial or institutional buildings.

 
our optional solar powered hot water systems can provide your, pool or spa with hot water. our systems   use advanced technology, modern innovative engineering, state of the art design, robust high quality construction & unsurpassed reliability. research proves the most energy efficient homes in america have     geo-systems  nascar driver jeff gordon's home has a geothermal  geoexchange system. our   energy star modular homes   feature  superior walls precast insulated concrete foundations  . options include  radiant floor warming    "thermos bottle" insulation package closed cell spray foam with    lo-e house wrap 

       
  " be nice to it"  the earth can pay your heating bills    
a family tradition of quality since 1942 for nj home & business owners.  
email   geosystems@aol.com or call 732-899-0019  
 " the green team"at ablenvironmental will help keep your home comfortable, energy efficient, healthy & clean !! 
" geo-systems"    feature        made in america










