

cuban empire | things to do in cuba, inside information and popular places to hang out day and night



























a new way to discover cuba

french spanish














golf


fishing


safaris


hunting


rafting


climbing


skating


natural 
            spas


nature 
            reserves


water-skiing


underground 
            caves


diving 
            and snorkeling


international 
            diving center


gallery


more cuba sites


credits


comments





























live chat application
 


ads by ciberspaces



























realestate.com





canadavip.com





cuba travel network





cheap flights.com





havanatur.com





italyvip.com





mexicovip.com





carrentcuba.com





bahamasvip.com





 hawaiivip.com





cuba renta de carros





travel to cuba





rent a car in cuba





cuba renta autos blog















cuban empire offers the fun places to go and exclusive things to do in cuba. cuban empire strives to uncover the most exciting and fun places, to make your visit "action packed" and truly memorable. we have united areas of special interest from rock climbing to skydiving. if you're looking for a serene stay in cuba you will not be satisfied with these pages. our onsite travel specialists will be pleased to make each day unforgettable, as only we know how. click to chat with us or email us your request and we will endeavor to make your dreams a reality. ask us anything and we'll do our best to make your dream into a reality. use the right hand links to find out everything you need to know about cuba         
   




virtual cuba explorer - click on the province you want to explore first


















more than 350 photos of cuba. free!
places to "hang out" for the 
            vip and discerning traveller.
exclusive! 360 degree views of both 
            havana & varadero
we organize donations, conferences. 
            take a look!





 quick guide








ads by ciberspaces


































 
  ...cuban culture, what makes the cubans 'tick'? racial mixes, music, art, cultures 
  by region, food, local drinks and much more. find out about celebrities and 
  how they came to be. 
...extraordinary 
  sportsmen. why are cubans such talented athletes? how many gold medals have 
  been won? how do they train? local sports results. sport is cuba's national 
  passion, baseball is the favourite. take a look inside cuba's sports scene... 

..advice. 
  it's free and current on this site, don't travel without printing these pages! 
  you may not need a tour guide, when you have read these pages. every morcel 
  of 'advice' from various sources. interactive questions answered immediately... 



 









...fun, 
  fun, fun. this is our focus with this site. night-life, dancing, beach parties, 
  group activities. whether you want to skydive or just visit the hot clubs, cubafun.com 
  will provide you with as much 'fun' as you need! interactive responses to your 
  email questions available... 
...if 
  you are single or a couple, you need not feel alone in cuba. this site specifically 
  focuses upon those people who need "a friend onsite". take a look at the individual 
  activities, single room rates, best "sole traveler" prices, excitement and fun. 
  our onsite team will "make it happen". 24 hours a day, 7 days a week! 
...since 
  the introduction of the # 77 foreign investment law in 1995, cuba has become 
  an excellent foreign investment venue. real estate, tourism, hotels, manufacturing 
  and many other sectores. our onsite team can walk you through every aspect of 
  an investment, from the dream to reality... 



down

 

 






ads by ciberspaces

















































































































book instantly over 120 hotels in cuba




























































up to 20% off! online payment immediate confirmation































































special offers
































































available now! reside in havana now!...
































































book instantly the car you need
































































ecoturism
































































low cost "all inclusive" packages
































































world class: dental, surgery, plastic surgery,...
































































sign up for our monthly travel newsletter
































































book last minute `low price` deals here and pay online ! up to 30% off!




























 
down











email us...contact@cubacaribbean.com
      copyright © 2002 - 2025. digital panorama s.a. all rights reserved.
      no part of this website may be copied or reproduced without the written consent
of travelucion s.l or its subsidiaries.



800 x 600




