
  
collinson enterprises








  

 
   
 
  
   












our 
              custom
              design process



custom 
              badges
              for sale



mailing
              list



quote
              request





 








   
schedule title:
total solutions for law enforcement, security, facilities management, fire, rescue
contract number:
gs-07f-125ca
r.l. collinson, inc.
dba collinson enterprises

 
   














 
 
  
already 
know what you want?  
to fill out our brief form. we'll get back to you right away with a price quote.
 
   originality
unmatched 
quality personable 
service competitive 
prices  










collinson enterprises is the preferred designer of custom metal adornments that include items such as law enforcement/emergency service badges, official insignia, challenge coins, belt buckles and organizational rings. headquartered near the nation's capital, collinson enterprises is the first choice for custom, luxurious ornamentation for the highest levels of government and academic institutions of excellence.

one 
                      of the many testimonials we've received
 
                    "badges arrived today (saturday) in mint condition. the 
                    artwork was excellent — but seeing/holding it in person 
                    is awesome, as i knew it would be. collinson enterprises has 
                    produced a 1st class badge of superior quality, design is 
                    top notch. . . it speaks to a time that no one i know will 
                    ever forget."


 
 




more 
                            here






 







follow the journey of how a 
                    badge is conceived, designed, and manufactured, as illustrated 
                    by the united states probation system's 75th anniversary commemorative 
                    badge. let collinson enterprises create for you a badge of 
                    unsurpassed quality, helping you at every step along the way, 
                    drawing upon their decades of experience.

                    (after the video starts playing, you can press the "full screen" 
                    button on the right to watch this video at a larger size.)





 













 
new!




       friends / families / heroeschristmas coin and ornament        




 
commendation 
                      bars for veterans in law enforcement


 
 






 
drone 
                      pilot uniform insignia


 
 






 
homicide 
                      uniform insignia


 
 






 
fire 
                      department honor guard device 


 
 






 
ball 
                      cap lapel pin 


 
 






 
swat uniform insignia


 
 






 
dc fop lodge #1 auxiliary coin


 
 






 
air force security forces association ring 


 
 






 


check 
                          out our new custom-engravable stock items section











   badges 
you can wear with pride, from collinson 
enterprises. browse our website 
to find out why the fbi, dea, and other law enforcement agencies rely on collinson 
for badges, pins, signet rings, and other items. choose from our top-quality product 
lines. or let us design a custom badge for you. if you want to mark a special 
occasion, or simply honor your history -- a custom badge is a unique way to identify 
your law enforcement agency and stand out from the crowd. 
   

2127 espey court crofton, 
md 21114  toll-free: (800) 622-9619 fax: (410) 451-7292 
free quotes: click 
hereterms of sale: click here   
collinson 
enterprises is your first, best choice
                for all of your law enforcement badge and insignia needs.
 
 



