




      first national bank - fnb-bank.com
    


























home
skip to main content
skip to footer



      download acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.
   













close alert











      first national bank - fnb-bank.com
    








fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government







first national bank














close menu


personal


|     banking


fnb checking

kasasa checking

savings

cd's

health savings

christmas club



|     borrowing 


lending



|     personal services


debit cards

online services

trust services





business


|     banking


checking

savings



|     borrowing 


lending



|     business services


debit cards

online services

products & services





resources


customer security awareness

browser support

for sale

financial calculators

frequently asked questions

lost/stolen card

order checks

estatements



about


contact us

holiday closings

locations & hours

history

careers










menu
close




search


close



loginclose








close login

welcome back!log in to your account.


userid





sign in



forgot password
enroll


additional
merchant capture
credit card statement




close search

what can we help you find?


search


start site search






first national bank

this slideshow visually displays up to three slides one at a time. the carousel is set to autoplay a different slide every eight seconds. inactive slides are hidden for all users. use play/pause button, slide pagination, left/right arrow keys, or swiping to navigate through all slides. all links contained in the carousel are available in website navigation or elsewhere on the page.
move past the hero section

















make free money…
just for using your debit card.  
earn cash back on debit card purchases with free kasasa cash back® checking.
kasasa checking accounts





















protect yourself from online crime and fraud.

explore customer security awareness



















it is cybersecurity awareness 
 here are some simple steps you can take to protect yourself in the digital world we live in. 
learn more












play/pause

















beginning  february 1st 2025 !!!
visit our locations page for more information about the new hours beginning on 2/1/25. 





fraud alert:
how to avoid account takeover fraud
-read more-








this slideshow visually displays up to six slides. on mobile devices this slideshow displays slides one at a time. inactive slides are hidden for all users. use slide pagination, left/right arrow keys, or swiping to navigate through all slides. all links contained in the carousel are available in website navigation or elsewhere on the page.
move past the quicklinks section






fnbonline
android mobile app









fnbonline
apple mobile app










contact us

we’re here to help you. send us a message if you have a question or are in need of assistance.

send a message






locations & hours

check out our locator to find a branch or atm near you!

find a location





lost/stolen card

don’t delay. if you have a lost or stolen card, please report it to us right away. we will help you get back on your feet.

report lost/stolen card





frequently asked questions

we’ve compiled a library of our most common questions for you to explore and learn from.

view faqs






















money management at your fingertips.


view balances and transaction history
make transfers and pay bills
view account alerts


fnbonline mobile app



















could you refinance & save?
refinancing can potentially lower your monthly mortgage payment, pay off your mortgage faster or get cash out for that project you've been planning.
request more information today !



sign up












close newsletter signup

















request more information.




leave me blank for newsletter sign up.




first name * (newsletter signup)



last name * (newsletter signup)



email address * (newsletter signup)



submit newsletter signup form




there was an error submitting the form.










thank you.

you will be contacted soon ! we appreciate your interest.

got it

















that's so 20th century.
log onto your laptop. fire up your smartphone. press a few keys or punch a few buttons. within minutes, you can take care of all those financial matters that used to clog up your daily to-do list. 
is it really that simple? ...yes, it really is.










fnbonline / 
mobile banking





24 hours? with your packed schedule, most days you could fill 36. here's some relief: our online banking is always open, so you can tap into your accounts anytime you find a rare, free moment.
 get more information







billpay





paying bills is no fun. but at least there's an easier way to get it all done. with online netpay, you can say goodbye to long evenings with your checkbook and extra trips to the post office.

get more information







mobile deposit





all it takes is a couple clicks
someone gives you a check. that's a good thing. but it's not spendable cash until it's deposited into your account. now you can do that faster than ever, thanks to your smartphone camera.
get more information













this slideshow visually displays up to three slides. on mobile devices this slideshow displays slides one at a time. inactive slides are hidden for all users. use slide pagination, left/right arrow keys, or swiping to navigate through all slides. all links contained in the carousel are available in website navigation or elsewhere on the page.
move past this ad section












easy, everyday account access.

unlock financial simplicity with our online services. enjoy the ability to check balances, make transfers, pay bills and more.

personal online services













take your business to the next level.

our loan officers will work with you to select the best commercial loans for your specific goals.

business lending













 better way to manage expenses.

gain convenience and control with online billpay. you can make secure payments to anyone or any company with ease.

discover billpay






play/pause











back to the top








first national bank













faqs

documents & disclosures

ada compliance

terms of use

careers










facebook
linkedin
instagram


©  first national bank
member fdic
 equal housing lender
created by banno











