















burlington, nc - official website | official website


 






 















skip to main content























 














home










 
 



  
 












search







 
 
 




    services      government      things to do      business & development  


 

 

 

 






 

















former western electric site environmental cleanup process by the department of defense
click here to learn more about the process and how you can be part of the conversation.









a new 17-court pickleball complex is under construction at city park
six courts are also being built at fairchild park. more info here.








enjoy the children's garden at the burlington arboretum
it's always a beautiful day to play at the arboretum.








parking on grass, dirt, and lawns is prohibited by burlington's unified development ordinance
click here for more information on warnings, fines, and how to report.









city of burlington traffic cameras
see real time traffic conditions around burlington.









get your crew together and sign up for kickball. registration open until february 21.
the league is for 18 and over and games are usually played thursday nights at springwood park.









our unified development ordinance (udo) governs all new development within burlington. city council amends the udo as needed.
watch this tutorial from our planning department about how to navigate the udo.








enjoy the new, inclusive playground in city park








attend a burlington city council meeting and join the conversation.
at every city council meeting, there is opportunity to give public comment and let your voice be heard.









learn more about recycling services
increased costs for recycling plastic and paper are pushing rates higher in municipalities around the country, including burlington. 









enjoy a burlington tradition and ride our historic dentzel carousel
free amusement rides, live music, food trucks, beer garden, artisan market, and tons of kids activities









burlington will ensure its drinking water always meets federal and state safety regulations.
learn what the epas new health advisories for pfas in drinking water mean for burlington









need an inspection or permit? apply online with burlingtonsmart
burlington smart allows you to apply for, track, and pay for city of burlington inspections and permits.























  
 
 






 














pay my bill








report a concern










 
 














find a job








waste pick-up










 
 














adopt a pet








parks, lakes, & fun










 
 
 
































 














city calendar
 






  
 
 











feb
18	


city council meeting

city council meetingread more






feb
19	


sprouts - nature program for preschoolers

sprouts - nature program for preschoolersread more



outdooru

outdooruread more






feb
20	


artists in parks - tie dye and silk art

artists in parks - tie dye and silk artread more






feb
26	


sprouts - nature program for preschoolers

sprouts - nature program for preschoolersread more




view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 




 














city updates
 






  
 
 













 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 














city of burlington


425 s lexington avenue


p.o. box 1358


burlington, nc 27216
 




phone: 336.222.5000


report a concern


ask a question


directory
 






  
 







belong in burlington



     





 
 













back to home







accessibility







privacy







terms of use









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









