




who's in charge, you or the saxophone? - pete thomas




















































skip to content 

facebook
soundcloud
contact
 







 
menu 
pete biogbiography & credits
musiccds & audio
sax sites

cafesaxophone
taming the saxophone


peru trek blog
 








who’s in charge, you or the saxophone? 

	find out more about the wonderful world of sax at tamingthesaxophone.com:

pete thomas

pete is a professional performer and tv/film composer he has recorded with rem, elton john and jools holland. recorded and toured with joe jackson, jimmy witherspoon, fats domino & many other greats...
view more on tts...




discover your saxophone

articles, resources history, reviews, accessories, players, maintenance...

everything you need to know in order to tame your saxophone.

learn more on tts...




tame your saxophone

over 100 tutorials and exercises for beginners to advanced.

 intermediate patterns
 tone & effects
 jazz, blues & rock improvising





enjoy browsing our shop

loads of stuff here: books, cds, downloads, dvds, mouthpieces, collectibles and the fabulous beginners' starter pack... shop now! on tts...




cafésaxophone

our lively discussion forum where saxophone players come to meet and greet, ask questions. you can just say a "hello" or ask about what's been nagging you. somebody in the café will be able to help.
signup now!




fundraising

we have raised over £90,000 in the last 10 years, for which i'd like to heartily thank everyone who has donated or bought something from the store. all profits during this time has been donated mostly towards special needs music programmes and some selected other charities. fundraising info on tts 








see a few of our tts customer reviews



hi pete! i came here for some sax mic tips, and ended up perusing your whole super hip website! thanks for being so cool and keep on keepin on!
– – matt mahaffey
absolutely loving the books and will be looking at purchasing volume 2 soon, thank you for sending over these, love the website too, a mountain of information to work through!– kevin
hello pete
i get the mouthpiece on wednesday. it’s great!!! very well balanced pice, i can play soft and loud, when i need. i love this pice. patryk

“a great book, i use it every day to keep the chops in order”
– bobby wellins 
(yes the bobby wellins! – bobby was one of the leading figures of the uk jazz scene. featured with the stan tracey band

i’ve been playing two years now, on a variety of alto saxophones and mouthpieces and just received the onyxite ppt alto mp in 6**  tip opening for my birthday today.
typically, i started two years ago with the mp which came with my jupiter 565-567, then a yamaha 4c which was ok, then tried a selmer c* which i didn’t get on with, nor a runyon 22 6, and latterly a bari esprit ii which is very good for a beginner, keeping the notes in tune with its fairly narrow tip opening.
i also tried three d’addario mps in 5, 6, & 7 openings recently but none of them suited me.
the bari was replaced a few months ago with a yamaha 6cm with 1.9mm tip opening as this gave me a jazzier sound with my favourite rico jazz select 2s filed reed. this combo sounded great on my newly acquired yamaha yas-62 mki “purple logo” (which came with the 6cm) but not quite so good on my buffet sda which i’d played for around a year prior (i’ve been through a good few horns on my short sax journey!).
so today i put an rjs reed on the new ppt (her name is poppet!) and tried this combo on the 62. a little worried by its wider 2.1mm tip, i took my first breath and played… wow!!!!! suddenly i’m a professional!!!!!!??
i switched back to the 6cm to check… had i really been happy with its sound? yes, i guess… but now it has to go in the bin!!!
“blown” away by my new sound, admittedly with a few “getting used to it” squeaks here and there, i thought i’d give it a go on the buffet, having tried and tried with other mouthpiece/reed combinations to get a jazzy sound out of what is sometimes described as a more classical instrument.
oh wow even more!!! this mp has transformed my sda into a 62 purple logo! in fact, it is absolutely perfectly controllable on this horn without a squeak or bum note. this is the holy grail mp for my sda!!
and loud! on both horns i could blow as hard as i can and the sound kept coming.
i tried some other reeds, around a dozen different ones, but the rjs 2s filed is the best so far for me. i think the squeaks on the yamaha horn are down to the wider tip and should come good with a few more hours. talking about hours… my mouth aches! i’ve been playing for three hours and didn’t want to put this mp down! don’t panic though, it’s an easy blow. i just spent too long testing it!
at £195 it’s over ten times what i paid for the bari but for me it represents excellent value, just for the fun i’ve had today, let alone the rest of my playing life
dave chapman

“thanks for your taming the saxophone book. lots of great stuff in their for both myself and my students – i sure wish i’d had the book fifteen years ago!”
– dan forshaw“

thank you, i just downloaded the folder. i’m very grateful.
yesterday the cd came by post and i and my wife are listening constantly and still – beautiful phrases and sound.
i am a teacher of the polish language, i am 56 years old, i play the saxophone from the 5th month.
i love it, thank you! – szymon malecki

message: just to say thanks for your speedy delivery of taming the saxophone book which i ordered only a few days ago and arrived today, and to say what a great book it is.
i love the way it’s laid out, progressing from scales through chord progressions…. i’m sure this book is going to help me be a better player. thanks again.
peter boyd
[collapse]















privacy policy
contact
cookie policy (eu)
 

 ©2023 pete thomas

 






© 2025 pete thomas • built with generatepress 










manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent










