



commercial cleaning services | servicemaster clean

























 
		open accessibility menu
	


 skip to content


 skip to menu


 high contrast


 increase text size


clear all 



 
		hide
	

















careers
franchise opportunities
about us
blog





commercial cleaning






janitorial services

comprehensive cleaning services

project-based cleaning

disinfection cleaning

specialty cleaning




industries we serve






healthcare environmental services

office building cleaning

industrial cleaning

hospitality cleaning

education cleaning

religious building cleaning

government building cleaning

event center cleaning

recreation and shopping cleaning

banks and financial institutions cleaning

residential floor cleaning

car dealership cleaning




why servicemaster clean






customized cleaning

capture and removal

technology

outsourcing vs insourcing

how to create a request for proposal (rfp)

national network local business

special offers

testimonials




national accounts






national account benefits

more services under one roof

healthcare industry standard

get a quote





find your location

careers
franchise opportunities
about us
find your location

























a higher standard of clean
delivering expert commercial cleaning  for your facility and everyone in it

our services
find your location






leading in commercial cleaningproviding exceptional servicesservicemaster clean provides commercial cleaning services tailored to your needs. from hospitals to industrial warehouses, we are committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment for your employees and customers.our commercial cleaning services are available for office buildings, retail spaces, schools, and more. we can even help clean up your venue after an event! we provide top-to-bottom services that includes cleaning hard surface floors, hardwood, carpets, tile & grout, windows, glass, high-touch surfaces, upholstery, and even air ducts. our documentation, timekeeping, and training are all designed to give your building a consistent cleaning experience with every visit. work with us 






				70+ years of cleaning experience
			

				1,200+ locations nationwide
			

				75,000+ homes and businesses served
			






commercial cleaning tailored to your needs
any industry. any building.


do you need office deep cleaning? or do you need to find a professional to clean your retail store? servicemaster clean is committed to providing a healthy work environment for your customers and employees. we offer a variety of customizable cleaning options designed for your specific needs. whether it's one building or several, the goal of our janitorial services is to make your business shine with our higher standard of clean.get your free quote





healthcare environmental services




office building cleaning




industrial cleaning




hospitality cleaning




education cleaning




religious building cleaning




government building cleaning




event center cleaning




recreation and shopping cleaning




banks and financial institutions cleaning




residential floor cleaning




view all industries






view all industries



















					benefits of commercial cleaning for your business
				









save time & money
outsourcing your cleaning services can help streamline your expenses and reduce cleaning time by about 25% while ensuring a spotless, disinfected environment.






our services, your schedule
we'll familiarize ourselves with your facility and then create a customized cleaning and disinfecting plan that perfectly accommodates your needs. we can schedule our cleaning services at a time and frequency that works best for you and your facility.






multiple facility types
our team of cleaning experts have experience with facilities of all sizes and from different industries, and will work with you to ensure that your needs are met. you can rest assured knowing that our team members are professionally trained to address your facility’s unique needs.





get started now


get started now










				who is servicemaster
			




					1
				


						we are dedicated.
					
we are here for the long haul. our goal is to provide a consistent cleaning service to ensure ongoing customer satisfaction.



					2
				


						we are driven.
					
we strive to pursue the highest standards and continuously improve in all aspects of our business.



					3
				


						we are complete.
					
we engage in proactive behavior to provide exceptional cleaning every time.



					4
				


						we are committed.
					
everything we do is guided by our customers and their needs.



					5
				


						we are experts.
					
we dominate the industry in scale and scope that consistently delivers exceptional results.




get started now











					certified cleaners for your business
				



servicemaster clean uses the latest technology and equipment to free your
	 business from dust, dirt, and debris. our cleaning certifications and
	 memberships include:














see our approach





hear from our franchisee's customers
"servicemaster does an excellent job of tailoring a commercial cleaning
	 service to match the customer's expectations. they are also very flexible
	 during weeks where scheduled service might fall on a holiday. i highly
	 recommend them for janitorial services." - brian b
view all stories





disinfection services 
cleaning standards set in place to follow cdc guidelines 




national accounts 
single point of contact for all your locations 




servicelink technology 
streamlined communication with our servicelink technology 




patient-centered cleaning process 
exceed your patients and staff's expectations with our industry leading process 


















					keeping our communities clean
				

all of our franchise businesses are locally owned and operated, ensuring
	 that 100% of staff members live in the communities they serve. we're proud
	 to serve our neighborhoods and contribute to a safe and healthy environment for all.


find a location




























+1-844-325-0707




+1-844-325-0707



				150 peabody place
				
			

memphis,
tn
38103


(844) 325-0707

find a location




enter zip
go







commercial cleaning

industries we serve

why servicemaster clean

national accounts

about us

franchise opportunities

contact corporate

list of office locations

clean blog

careers

accessibility statement

privacy policy














search




servicemaster clean services provided by independently owned and operated franchises or by a corporate owned branch. prices and services vary by location.






		© 2025 all rights reserved.

site map
do not sell/share my info




















