






 
















susan silver antiques english formal furniture 18th and 19th century
































english & continental
			18th & 19th century formal furnishings
susan silver antiques

home
about us
dating & caring for antique furniture
press
contact us
 
menu
search
413.229.8169



search





favorites: 





755 north main street, route 7
		po box 621
		sheffield, massachusetts 01257
phone: (413) 229-8169
		fax: (413) 229-9069
		susan@susansilverantiques.com





antique chinese red stand





chinese antique sancai glazed foo dog





english staffordshire pink sunderland lustreware jug





george iii mahogany bachelor's chest, circa 1750





gilded bronze ostrich inkwell





italian baroque giltwood mirror





italian rococo period painted commode, 18th century





japanese porcelain hibachi brazier





large victorian rosewood gothic revival canterbury





regency faux bamboo painted side or work table





william iv mahogany and suede desk armchair







new arrivals





anglo-indian mahogany open bookcase







antique 18th century tilt-top pie crust pedestal table







chinese qing dynasty tall vases in bamboo pattern, a pair







georgian mahogany windsor captain's armchair







greyhound paintings by william skilling (1862-1964), a pair







louis xiv period french carved giltwood mirror




the collection



									case pieces								



									bookcases, étagères & ladders								



									chests & commodes								



									seating								



									tables								



									writing tables & desks								



									mirrors								



									lighting								



									accessories								



									ceramics & glass								



									clocks, globes & scientific								



									works of art								



									furnishings								



									miniatures								



									sale items								



first, i have a confession. beautiful antiques make my heart race and i have a passion for formal english and continental antiques and accessories! 
my mother’s stylish designs and antiques surrounded me as a child. she was an interior designer in new york. beginning about thirty years ago i realized beautiful antiques made my heart race. discovering i had a passion for english and continental antiques, i started down a new path.
then it happened! i visited the picturesque berkshires and wandered through the antique shops here. after that, i started to imagine what it would be like to open my own shop. consequently, rather than deny it or douse it, why not indulge it?
opening my antique shop
in 1985 i took the plunge. my zeal and stylist’s eye was put to work. firstly, opening the shop i was dreaming of in the berkshires became a reality. next, i was off to england to fill a shipping container. finally, my favorite 18th and 19th century antique furniture was loaded into the container and shipped back to my shop in sheffield, massachusetts. what is more, georgian, regency, asian ceramics and all kinds of accessories were on there way. i never looked back!
most importantly, back then the top decorating magazines and homes of america were filled with fine english antiques. in fact, decorators were redesigning park avenue apartments and grand houses all over the united states. the country manor houses in yorkshire were their inspiration. at the time, i felt that by specializing in 18th and 19th century formal english furniture, i couldn’t miss.  as a result, decorators would make routine pilgrimages to the berkshires. professional designers and trendsetters like mark hampton and mario buatta would come to visit the wide range of dealers here. susan silver antiques was on their short list of quality dealers. this delighted me! consequently, this was an exciting time for fine antiques and collecting!
things were about to change though
online shopping started to really take off! designers and the shopping public discovered that if they shopped for antiques online that it was easier and more convenient. most importantly, the choices were infinite. i instinctively knew i should leap onto this trend. developing my own entertaining website became a new exhilarating project. moreover, this has made a big difference for my clientele. on the other hand, you would be surprised how many people still like to make that trip here to the berkshires. because, getting a closer view of my exceptional collection of antiques is what helps them make their decision.
my current conclusions
finally, i’m still obsessed. in other words, i’m always on the hunt for the next perfect object. i indulge myself in my own form of the royal progress on my trips to england and france! a great deal of time and effort go into the hunt. that’s the fun part!
i have discovered along the way that beautiful antiques do abound in the marketplace. i am particular though. the items i buy must possess that little extra that elevates a piece from the very nice to the exceptional. the fine craftsmanship and the varied forms of english antique furniture keep drawing me in.
you will find when you visit that i gravitate to furniture and accessories for libraries and living rooms. these include tables, desks, chairs, bookcases, mirrors and lighting fixtures. cleverly designed military campaign furniture is another marvel i can’t overlook. military officers recreated the luxury of home life on their deployments throughout the british empire. this custom made furniture was ready to be picked up and packed into specially made traveling wooden boxes and finally shipped to the next posting.
you will find wonderful antiques in my shop in the quaint village of sheffield, massachusetts.what is more, i’m surrounded by the beautiful berkshire hills. i invite you to browse at susansilverantiques.com. do try to come to see me in person, too! we’re open every day except sundays and tuesdays, throughout the year and by appointment.





susan silver antiques
755 north main street, route 7
		po box 621
		sheffield, massachusetts 01257
phone: (413) 229-8169
		fax: (413) 229-9069
		email: susan@susansilverantiques.com
open daily 11-5, closed sunday & tuesday




home
product & category list
favorites
about susan silver antiques
dating & caring for antique furniture
press about susan silver in the berkshires
contact susan silver antiques
 



find an item






newsletter sign-up
we deliver new arrivals right to your inbox!
























