




krehbiel's speedprint home - krehbiel's speedprint



















home
mission
services
options

pricing

envelope pricing
notepad pricing


ordering






your printed envelope resource!                                    
                fast and friendly service!                                    
                quality service since 1989!








krehbiel's speedprint is totally family owned and operated. when the phone rings,
                    vietta krehbiel answers the phone ready to take your order.
                



deve and vietta krehbiel
                    owners
location:
                    320 n main st.
                    hesston, ks 67062


                            shop hours:

                        8am - 12pm 
                        1pm - 5pm
mon-fri cst
toll free: (800) 322-6079

                    (620) 327-4107
fax: (620) 327-3025
email: vietta@speedprint.com
                





changes have come to krehbiel’s speedprint.  just as nature’s seasons change, so do
                the seasons of our lives. krehbiel’s speedprint is now closed and we are moving on to new challenges.

                we want to express our deep gratitude for your support and friendship over the years. thank you to all the local people and
                businesses who gave us a chance when we opened in october 1989 in a small space on main street in hesston, kansas. thank you to all
                who came to us when we added a second location on main street in mcpherson, kansas, for several years. and thank you to all the people
                and business throughout kansas and nationwide who used our services by the time we closed in october 2017 in a building we had built a
                little further up main street back in hesston. 
                we also want to thank all of our employees over the years. without them we would not have been able to accomplish all we did. a very 
                special thanks to jerry, who was with us the longest and was a great employee and good friend. and thank you to james, who created our
                great speedy character. thank you also to our family, who provided support and help when needed. thank you kids for all you did too;
                all the stuffing of envelopes, all the collating, even learning to run a press, and helping with our first website.
                in all the 28 years in business, we hope we have done a good job supporting all of you by providing fast, friendly service and
                quality printing at a reasonable price. as we look back over the years, we realize how blessed we have been!
with deepest thanks!
vietta and deve krehbiel








  home |  mission |  services |
                            options |  pricing |  ordering





© 1989 through © 2025 - site by deve - all rights reserved
                    







