









home - stainer & bell


























































































 


 


skip to content





contact
my account
basket
checkout










open mobile menuclose mobile menu 


home
shop 

new titles
choral music
instrumental music
vocal & opera
collected editions
educational books
hymnquest
religious publications
archives
publishers
sale


composers
hymns
licensing
rental 

works
quote request form


news/blog
cart£0.000 items-search




search


when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to go to the desired page. touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures.

 close search













welcome to stainer & bell
founded in 1907, stainer & bell is an independent music publisher with a catalogue of choral, orchestral, vocal and instrumental music representing the highest achievements of british composers from the sixteenth century to the present, an extensive list of contemporary hymnody and religious song, and a range of collected editions including musica britannica, the byrd edition, early english church music, the english madrigalists and new volumes in the purcell society edition that are internationally esteemed for their surpassing musical scholarship.
don’t forget to subscribe to our newsletter, or to connect with us on facebook, twitter or linkedin, to be the first to hear our breaking news, latest offers or fun facts from victoria house.





latest publications






 select options 
		this product has multiple variants. the options may be chosen on the product page	

harmer, will: fireworks
from: £4.00





on sale
 add to basket 


stainer & bell tote bag
£10.00 original price was: £10.00.£6.99current price is: £6.99.




 add to basket 


vaughan williams, ralph: a sea symphony. full score – new critical edition
£130.00




 add to basket 


hewitt jones, thomas: the night before christmas. score and parts
£20.00




 select options 
		this product has multiple variants. the options may be chosen on the product page	

roberts, claire victoria: the moon is distant from the sea
from: £4.00




 add to basket 


hewitt jones, thomas: the night before christmas. vocal score
£8.00





latest news


the recorded history of a madrigal: the silver swan (orlando gibbons, 1612)2025 marks the 400th anniversary of the death of one of england’s…read morewelcoming claire victoria robertswe are thrilled to welcome composer, vocalist and violinist claire victoria roberts…read moreq&a with will harmerearlier this summer we were delighted to announce the publication of a…read morenew recording: roderick williams sings ‘a square and candle-lighted boat’ by sarah cattleywe are delighted that somm records has just released roderick williams -…read more








back to top






search




 




stainer & bell ltd registered in england no. 95905
vat registered no. gb 230 1613 22
eori no. gb230161322000

follow usfacebookblueskyinstagramyoutubethreadsxlinkedin
registered officevictoria house
23 gruneisen road
london
n3 1ls united kingdom
+44 (0)208 3433303post@stainer.co.uk
informationabout stainer & bell
about this site
catalogues
privacy & cookies
terms & conditions of sale
contact
my account
vacancies






copyright © 2025 stainer & bell ltd. - all rights reserved


we use cookies to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 



 
































