shadow creek golf courseshadow creek golf coursean mgm resorts entertainment destinationperhaps you've never heard tales of this legendary place sculpted from the nevada desert by renowned architect tom fazio. may we assure you, descriptions, however grand, do not begin to do this masterpiece justice. shadow creek must be played. shadow creek must be experienced. only then can true lovers of the game begin to appreciate its breathtaking beauty.for more information or to schedule your time at shadow creek, please call us directly:1.866.260.0069 natural splendorthe beauty of this monument and classic golf course design stands today, ready to be shared and enjoyed by all who honor and respect the game and seek its challenges at the highest level. your entryyour entry to shadow creek begins when you register as a guest of an mgm resorts international® destination - the finest resorts las vegas has to offer. a private limousine will transport you to and from your appointment and upon arrival, your personal caddie will greet and guide you through a golfing experience you will never forget.memorableshadow creek is without a doubt one of the most unique golf course experiences in the world. in fact, i believe if a non-golfer ever visited the course, they would say it is one of the most amazing places they ever visited. personally, it may be the most memorable involvement i have had over my many decades in the golf business. i have thought about shadow creek so many times—the initial idea stages, routing plans, scale model construction and first impressions after opening. we are approaching almost 25 years of play and i am still amazed with the whole experience. it is such a special place from so many aspects—great golf, great environment, great services—a place one can’t wait to return. there have been many wonderful golf courses created in the last several decades and i honestly believe shadow creek is in a separate category. it is very difficult to explain even after a visit. the total feel is distinctive and captivating. i believe it should be labeled one-of a-kind! i am honored to be a part of shadow creek. — tom faziotake the challenge"every hole at shadow creek has characteristics that make a score of par an achievement. on the short and majestic 17th hole, for instance, the green has three times the width than the depth, so yardage control becomes of paramount importance. like the 12th at augusta, any tee shot allowing use of a putter for a second shot is an accomplishment."
- tom fazioready to play?contact us
walk with us now along our manicured fairways. imagine perfect greens, guarded by crystal blue water. imagine how it must feel to be there. there is nothing quite like it on earth.
for more information or to schedule your time at shadow creek, please call us directly:
1.866.260.0069course informationhole 1par 4  •  344 – 415 yards
"shadow creek is the place i would like to be buried when my days are done. it's my favorite place on the planet."
julius “dr. j” erving
nba icon whose slam dunks
are the stuff of legendshole 2par 4  •  449 – 486 yards
"shadow creek is so amazingly beautiful, you forget about how difficult and strategic the golf course is."
mike piazza
12-time mlb all-starhole 3par 4  •  449 – 486 yards
"leaving las vegas’ desert surroundings and entering the forested wilderness that is shadow creek is a shock to the senses. no matter how much you may have heard of it… the question that continues to run through your head while experiencing shadow creek is, how did it get here?"
tom kite
u.s. open champion and
world golf hall of fame memberhole 4par 5   •   512 – 581 yards
"surreal"
wayne gretzky
20-year nhl player
known as “the great one”hole 5par 3   •   140 – 202 yards
"whenever i par it, i feel like i’ve accomplished something and when i leave shadow creek for the day, i can look to the left from my limo window at no.5 and smile.
jerry weintraub
well-respected hollywood
executive and philanthropist"hole 6par 4   •   442 – 507 yards
"there's nothing like the creek!"
winky wright
light-middleweight championship boxerhole 7par 5   •   490 – 571 yards
"shadow creek doesn’t feel like las vegas. it is the toughest and prettiest i've ever played."
aaron rodgers
nfl quarterback and super bowl mvp
led the green bay packers to a 2010 super bowl victoryhole 8par 3   •   162 – 200 yards
"i’ve loved shadow creek since the first time i played it and i’ve played it over 100 times but can’t say i’ve mastered it.
michael jordan
recognized by many as the
greatest nba player of all timehole 9par 4   •   391 – 460 yards
"as soon as you pass the red phone booth, the fun begins. i’ve spent a lot of time sitting on the 9th tee box just looking out and relaxing. relaxing, that is, until i tee off."
rocco mediate
six-time pga tour event winner
and two-time champions tour winnerhole 10par 4   •   391 – 460 yards
"it's north carolina majesty in the middle of the desert."
jerome “the bus” bettis
nfl great and super bowl championhole 11par 4   •   284 – 324 yards
"in a practice round for fun, i would take a shot at driving the green. the ball goes a little further in las vegas and doesn't everyone take a gamble in this city?"
davis love iii
winner of 20 pga tour events and
major championship winnerhole 12par 4   •   355 – 405 yards
"shadow creek makes mere mortals, like myself, feel like gods-not that i play like one, but the aura consumes me and for brief moments i feel like i can do anything."
brandi chastain
scored winning goal against china
in 1999 fifa world cup finalhole 13par 3   •   203 – 257 yards
"if they blindfold you, flew you and then dropped you in the middle of shadow creek, you'd feel like you're in a picture."
john smoltz
eight-time mlb all-star team member
and world series championhole 14par 4   •   442 – 493 yards
"shadow creek is a privilege to play and the more i play it, the better it gets. it’s legit."
greg maddux
world series champion and inductee
into the mlb hall of famehole 15par 4   •   433 – 482 yards
"through the years i have played the top golf courses in the world and this hole has to be one of the most favorite holes i've played."
hal sutton
renowned 14-timepga tour championhole 16par 5   •   561 – 622 yards
"one time when i was playing with aaron rodgers and michael jordan and was behind the green with a very tricky downhill chip­—it went in for an eagle! a lifetime memory!"
brian baumgartner
film and television personalityhole 17par 3   •   140 – 154 yards
"one of the prettiest, yet most difficult shots in golf."
aaron rodgers
led the green bay packers
to a super bowl victory in 2010hole 18par 5   •   503 – 529  yards
"even those who do not have a great day scoring end their journey through one of the world's greatest golf experiences with one of my favorite golf holes in the world."
phil mickelson
five-time major champion and
42-time pga tour event winneraccolade(s)america's 100 greatest golf courses for 2019-2020golf digestgallerymgm rewardsget with the program
mgm rewards is the ultimate way to do what you love – and get rewarded for it. from hotel and entertainment to dining, spa and gaming, you can earn rewards for virtually every dollar you spend.learn more