


uncovering corruption within the us customs service



















			 

			an investigative newsletter uncovering corruption within the customs service

former u.s. customs official turned whistleblower   john carman
disclaimer: all contacts made with customs corruption.com or it's investigative reporters are kept strictly confidential. if you or a friend has a story for customs corruption.com, contact us by a confidential email account, pager, or prepaid cell phone, not your home phone, not your personal computer. never use a work computer at work. prepaid phone cards can be utilized from anywhere and from a pay phone. good luck! 


"in the beginning of a change, the patriot is a brave and scarce man, hated and scorned.  when the cause succeeds, however, the timid join him...for then it costs nothing to be a patriot." - mark twain    sound familiar?




copyright © 1998-2024, corruption at the border, by john carman
best viewed at 800x600


no material, written, audio, video, photographs, or other printed matter on this website may be used with out expressed permission from john a. carman with a signed release form releasing this information. special permission is given to legitimate news media for republication with proper credits attached. all others are invalid.
 |  home page one   |  page two  |  customs headlines  |john carman's resume      |  commendations  |  carman investigations  |the john carman report  | recommended reading & web links   |  sworn affidavit of john carman 4-10-03    |recent local drug busts|  federal narcotic related offenses charts & statistics  | guerrilla news network   |  illegal drug use by customs employees     |the   sheet   |
|  drugwar.com  |  books 4 sale   | recommended reading & web links   |  whistleblower.com   archives  archives-1  archives-2  archives-3  archives-4| recommended reading & web links   |
| recommended reading & web links   |   rate an agency here| recommended reading & web links   |know your on-line rights  | recommended reading & web links    david c. wales 7/12   |   hot updates   non-dislosure agreement  part1  part2   







associated links



national security whistleblowers


cathy harris-usc  


mary schneider  


drugging america-rodney stich


dea watch


narco news 


copvcia-mike ruppert-  www.copvcia and  www.fromthewilderness.com 


mike madigan   twisted badge


infolords 


dan e. moldea


desert burn industries


honest chief -  theresa chambers - usps


kris eggle - usps


jail 4 judges



contact the whitehouse




osc link:  http://www.osc.gov/

caution: there is no guarantee this agency will help you, but they will certainly expose you as a whistleblower to your agency. if you go through your congressman or senator keep in mind they almost always expose you to the agency you are reporting. use caution when using these agencies.   http://www.osc.gov/, eeoc or mspb, internal affairs, oig treasury or homeland security. customs corruption staff.
 






"this is the way for men who want to learn my strategy":

1) do not think dishonestly.
2) the way is in training.
3) become acquainted with every art.
4) know the ways of all professions.
5) distinguish between gain and loss in worldly matters.
6) develop intuitive judgment and understanding for everything.
7) perceive those things which cannot be seen.
8) pay attention even to trifles.
9) do nothing which is of no use."

by miyamoto musashi              

steven seagal  
www.savetibet.org 
 a few good men can change things  the example of thermopylae 

 subscribe today!

find out what your employers are saying about you!
double-cross: u.s. customs embarrassed
check the traffic-cam at san ysidro. 30 minute updates!

the homeland security
non-disclosure agreement
part 1  part 2
(word file downloads)










report customs corruption here:

email john carman      


"to be silent is giving consent,... i will do neither.", ......john carman
remember: if you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem






john carman
												p.o. box 577
												la mesa, ca 91944 





if you appreciate this worthwhile endeavor please consider sending a donation to support this website. this effort represents thousands of hours over a period of five years in an effort to keep you abreast of customs corruption. 





donate to:  @john-carman-17






john carman
carman investigations: investigations, security consultations, protection.


a veteran law enforcement officer for over 25 years, john has worked for the u.s. secret service, san diego police department, u.s. mint police and the u.s. customs service. in his capacity with the secret service in 1974-1977, where he served for over 3 years, john was directly involved in protection of the president, first family, the white house, the vice-president and his family, ambassadors, embassies and heads of state.


   john carman - 2004
getting down to brass tacks
    - oct 2004 interview-



in 1982 he served with the u.s. mint police for approximately 1 year while protecting millions of dollars worth of united states gold bullion at the federal depository in san francisco. he subsequently left this position in lieu of a new position in 1983 to serve as a customs inspector on the u.s.-mexican border. during his 16 year tenure in u.s. customs, he was ultimately promoted to a senior customs inspector where he was personally responsible for apprehending record numbers of narcotics, smugglers, armed and dangerous felons, fugitives and immigration violators.

												over the course of his career with the u.s. government, he has received numerous commendations for his outstanding career and enforcement record to include commissioner's awards from u.s. customs.

												john has completed over 4 years of college level courses regarding law enforcement and police training to include an a.a. & a.s. in law enforcement and investigations, f.l.e.t.c., u.s. secret service specialized training, the san diego p.o.s.t. certified police academy and a 3-year in-service training, dea training, u.s. customs training at f.l.e.t.c. and "in service training" as well as a long list of courses associated with these programs of study. (see also:  www.carmaninvestigations.com )

												john has been a licensed private investigator in the state of california since 1981 (license #: aq-008686).

												john is also a life-time member of the c.n.o.a. california narcotic officers association in california.

												he has been a martial arts expert in judo, karate and aikido techniques for over 30 years. in 1970, he received the shodan black belt in judo from kodokan judo institute in tokyo, japan. since that date, he has been a martial arts and self-defense instructor for men, women and children in related martial arts as well.

												through his experiences as a well-documented whistleblower within the u.s. customs service regarding corruption and management abuses, john has been interviewed numerous times on television, radio talk shows and in many newspapers nation wide regarding these vitally important issues since 1995.

www.carmaninvestigations.com
  
 
      by robert pear
new york times news service  
 
october 3, 2004  
   
    washington – over strenuous objections from the white house, congress is moving to increase protections for federal employees who expose fraud, waste and wrongdoing inside the government.    -read full story-
 
    
  





7-18-04
illegal customs investigation exposed!

 
 
it has come to our attention over the last few months, and probably longer,  that "official" customs internal affairs agents from customs of the treasury department or (dhs) department of homeland security have been conducting specific "witch hunts" against any customs employees that have communicated with "john carman" and interviewing customs employees to see if they have had any contact with a "john carman or the web site:    www.customscorruption.com   or contributed anything to the articles on the website.
-read full article-






patriot act vs. hitler's enabling act

 
																		
hitler becomes dictator


after the elections of march 5, 1933, the nazis began a systematic takeover of the state governments throughout germany, ending a centuries old tradition of local political independence. armed sa and ss thugs barged into local government offices using the state of emergency decree as a pretext to throw out legitimate office holders and replace them with nazi reich commissioners.  
-read full article-

























this was a "port runner" that got away from another customs official, but i intercepted it before the driver could do anything and he ran back to tijuana, mexico, leaving over 100 lbs of narcotics. i caught it abandoned with the drivers id. still attached to the windshield.  i was driving the customs "chase car" that evening. one of my usual catches. i had a 90% success rate over anything that got away from another customs or immigration official that originated from tijuana thru san ysidro. this was about 1993. unfortunately, shortly thereafter, customs managers  decided to scrap the program. gofigure?? 
this is what customs uses now to chase bad guys. (embarrassing!) bad guys can see this brightly colored vehicle miles a away. i even saw a  private security company use the same coloring and striping for their "security vehicles". high visibility, but low apprehension rates. that's why most law enforcement "prowl cars" went to the "black and white"   color configuration. or an all solid dark blue or black color because it  was  less visible by "bad guys" at night time when most crimes occur. go  figure! compare to the dark blue, highly efficient chase car above.



 
									



operation

white tiger

the documents the government didn't want you to see!

the teachings of the professor/white tiger by jose m. martinez, copyright 1999
												isbn:970-651-131-8











 
									reno contradicts u.s. drug report.
insight on the news, july 3, 2000, by jamie dettmer


"tecs ii security compromised"

it has just been confirmed recently by "current" and "former" customs officials in internal affairs that the u.s treasury enforcement computer system "t.e.c.s. ii" has been compromised for years. 

it has been "rumored" for years in customs internal affairs that certain mexicans in mexico had "full" access to the restricted government united states customs service treasury enforcement computer system or tecs ii since the early 1990's.  (according to an internal affairs source, former assistant customs commissioner mike lane was in charge of "communications" during that time and "may" have been responsible for this "set up" in mexico through u.s. customs district director alan j. rappoport who has special contacts in tijuana, mexico)
 

the reports were that there were five "unaccountable" and "untraceable" computer lines with direct access, which were utilized in mexico. one of which was just south of san ysidro california in tijuana, mexico.

 

if this were true, then all the information could be accessed by drug cartels for a "price" and they could access the various law enforcement links with dea, u.s. department of justice, u.s. state department, dea-naddis, c.l.e.t.s, n.l.e.t.s., canadian law enforcement,  ins, interpol, etc....that also means that everything that was input into the tecs lookout systems were "compromised". this information is also shared with all u.s. treasury departments like the u.s. secret service as well as other important agencies like the national security agency and the c.i.a. as well.

 

note: in one other case a former latin american u.s. customs supervisor here in san diego (initials f.f.) allegedly "gave" mexican authorities a specially "encrypted" treasury radio transceiver with all treasury frequencies so they could communicate with u.s. customs. it was also common knowledge that this particular latin supervisor as well as others in customs would give "restricted" information to the mexican authorities which would confirm or deny that certain information on u.s. licensed vehicles were stolen or not. how do you think that happened??? 

 

it is also alleged" that alan j. rappoport, former district director of u.s. customs "may" have been responsible for this break in "national security". alan j. rappoport was responsible for setting up tecs in san diego and was very efficient in using computers and tecs. mr. rappoport also had regular access and "very close ties" to one of the most powerful families in mexico, jorge hank-rhon owner of the caliente race track and foreign sports book.

 

in fact it, was common knowledge that d.d. rappoport and port director john "jack" maryon would visit on a regular basis to rancho tecate to visit with their friend jorge hank-rhon on a weekly basis and would come back late at night according to customs and ins sources. there are several customs and ins inspectional personnel who have seen these two men in particular arrive even after hours at the u.s. border inspection station at tecate. one supervisor was told by former customs port director jack maryon,  "you didn't see us . we were never here" and not to remember to repeat that he saw these two men coming back from tecate mexico on a certain visit.

 

former otay mesa port director jack maryon even admitted to this editor back in 1994-95 that he "had lunch with jorge hank-rhon on a weekly basis." (this was while jack maryon was "ordering" me not to put jorge hank-rhon's name into the tecs ii computer on look out as an intelligence report that was received by very reliable sources. since it was "procedure" to input all important intelligence data into tecs ii in the form of an m.o.i.r.(memorandum of information received or an r.o.i.report of intelligence) 

 
coming soon......."operation white tiger" documents that will confirm that the hank-rhon family had direct ties to the drug cartels like amado carillo fuentes and the arellano felix cartel.  

 

editor~ www.customscorruption.com





articles
click on the below links to go to the articles





    jeff bolin: "unreliable customs snitch"




						 

						







whistle-blower appealing firing
a federal undercover agent in tucson says he is being fired for complaining that state police roughed up middle eastern immigrants during questionable searches. 
customs agent greg miller's troubles began in june '02
    greg miller








						 

						







firestorm

more corruption alleged by diane kleiman
www.customscoverup.com

												 









						 
						







the unknown soldier


												mickey downie used to be the government's hired gun.
												now he's in its crosshairs.


by thomas francis







						 

						


government betrays inspector who went undercover for u.s. customs
he is forced to return to border town with his cover blown
by bill conroy
special to the narco news bulletin      may 10, 2004
 








update: july 9, 2004 - editor notes-










mexico narcotics whistleblower jailed in drug-money plot 

eight years ago, a former high-ranking mexican anti-narcotics agent charged his government's top crime-fighting organization was so corrupt that fellow officers served as bodyguards for huge drug shipments across the u.s. border. 
by guillermo contreras
									san antonio express-news    mar 17, 2004








u.s. informant oversaw killings 

 
officials say customs authorities knew of role in drug smugglers' deaths
according to an exclusive report in sunday's dallas morning news, u.s. customs officials knew last summer that an informant on their payroll supervised the torture and killing of suspected drug smugglers in ciudad juárez, mexico, and intervened only when two u.s. drug enforcement agents were targeted for assassination.
12:10 pm cst on saturday, march 13, 2004 
by alfredo corchado / the dallas morning news 






						 








narco-corruption at u.s. customs


												narco news, august 4, 2001

												 







						 

						



customs inspectors to be posted at foreign ports
by philip shenon 
									new york times news service
									june 12, 2003
click here to read story






						 
						




recent local drug busts


april 4, 2003: u.s. border patrol agents friday discovered a marijuana-filled truck


april 5, 2003; agents discover border tunnel


july 16, 2003; tijuana mechanics find drugs in car


july 18, 2003; local man charged in mexico for pot in car


july 18, 2003; man will sue customs over stay in prison


november 26, 2003; 20 arrested in airport drug-smuggling case







						 

						




rash of illegals crashing through u.s. port-of-entry
a united states border patrol agent says three vehicles in two weeks have "busted" through the otay mesa port of entry near san diego from mexico and that two of the three weren't caught. 





						 

						




terrorists said to seek entry to u.s. via mexico
april 7, 2003
									by bill gertz
									the washington times 
a group of al qaeda terrorists is attempting to infiltrate the united states from mexico to conduct attacks in the country, the washington times has learned. 






						 

						



forests along national borders aren't patrolled, audit says
washington (ap) -- about 1,000 miles of national forest land bordering canada and mexico go virtually unpatrolled by the u.s. forest service, creating wide swaths for terrorists and criminals to enter the country undetected, an internal government audit says.






						 

						tunnels



 

authorities discovered another illegal tunnel
 connecting tijuana and san ysidro yesterday, this one originating in the same mexican house where a sophisticated drug-smuggling tunnel was found last year. 
july 8, 2004








a hole in security?
border area seems even more vulnerable in the aftermath of 9/11
by: anna cearley
									staff writer
									may 7, 2003









detecting tunnels a priority, but progress is hit and miss
by: anna cearley
									staff writer
									may 7, 2003





						 

						






tunnel is found near the border at tecate
											it's 6th in county area since january 2002 
by: anna cearley
											staff writer
											june 18, 2003









						 

						



archived articles;

customs whistle-blower takes treasury's o'neill to court
										by: martin edwin andersen
										

2 men, mattel fined for illicit donations 
										by nick green
										daily breeze
										

fbi agents seriously injured while investigating interstate rail car robberies near el paso, texas
										by: associated press
										september 14, 2002
										

2 convicted in drug case after buying a seized suv from u.s. customs
										by sandra dibble
										union-tribune staff writer
										january 11, 2003
										

u.s. customs whistleblower had warned america
										customs employees against discrimination assn. (ceada)
										press release: september 19, 2002
										

backlog of whistleblower cases growing, agency report says
										by tania branigan
										washington post staff writer
										monday, july 21, 2003
										

border officials hope to throw net over smugglers
by marisa taylor 
										staff writer
										may 8, 2003
										

marijuana-filled big rig is seized
										otay mesa
										june 24, 2003
										

terrorist hides in u.s. territory
										date unknown
										

covert agent fights firing over mistake
										by michael marizco
										arizona daily star
										wednesday, 31 december 2003
										






						 

						







open borders expose'. see photos, review maps, then ask yourself why?
												 
												new article & photo: read now!


												 







						 

						







"operation green quest",  an initiative that will target current and future terrorist funding sources. why do that when the terrorists already have access through our "open" borders especially at the northern canadian-u.s. border? what is internal affairs doing about that? why do "private security guards" maintain "private entry points" along our u.s. border?

(202) 927-1000   fax (202) 927-2886 

												 







						 

						







click for more information


mark conrad, former supervisory special agent, u.s. customs service, office of internal affairs is an attorney at law and  assists customs and department of justice employees in eeo, disciplinary and whistle blowing cases.
assistant professor criminal justice
												troy state university
												p.o. box 8684
												dothan, alabama 36304 
phone:  (334) 671-8621  









						 

						







photo of potrero cafe where i saw supervisor gilbert on 8-1-00

why is this man still working for u.s. customs
												and also a gs-13 supervisor?  
this supervisor, arthur d. gilbert, is the same suspect who made "overt" and "extreme attempts" to insure the entry of over 8,500 pounds of cocaine into the u.s. through the otay mesa commercial facility back in october 1990.
                                                                                                                     arthur d. gilbert








						 

						



u.s. customs series: san antonio business journal
									by bill conroy
									 

									torpedoed g-man unit rising like phoenix from its ashes

all they wanted was honesty and the ability to do the job for which they were paid but all they got was the ax. read the story on monday, 17th, directly from the san antonio business journal.
get an overview of the customs agency

     more articles by bill conroy

customs record-fraud charges under review by u.s. attorney
workplace dysfunction is rife within customs intelligence unit
former agents weave insiders tale of federal agency in crisis
torpedoed g-man unit rising like phoenix from its ashes
whistleblowers say nation's railroads should be on red alert
low-risk importer program continues despite terrorism
border security, free trade threatened by terror reality
customs employees confront culture of reprisal: u.s. agency accused of using 'shoot-the-messenger' tactics against whistleblowers
acting commissioner of customs asked to explain photos
customs record-fraud charges under review by u.s. attorney
customs accused of abusing power: whistleblowers claim reports shredded, drug-bust records made up
customs accused of shredding records: agency official says employees 'are getting their due process'
customs facing class-action challenge: hispanic agents pressing u.s. agency to own up to racism
government's kingpin-sting tactic may threaten airline safety
bankers blues: battling the tide of the black market: are lenders fighting a war that can't be won?
hispanic customs agents file class-action suit in federal court
treasury department accused of fostering atmosphere of discrimination
customs agents hurl conspiracy accusations: hispanic special agents contend rights violated
hispanic police officers backing customs agents
leadership concerns raised over homeland-security task force
customs destroyed evidence, federal agents’ lawsuit claims





						 

						



tecs ii violations: janet neely
update: 7/9/2004
according to reliable customs sources, janet neely has been given her "walking papers".  it's about time! what? no indictments??? no arrests??? afraid someone will give up other customs managers???


here is another example of retaliation for reporting corruption through the system in place at u.s. customs internal affairs: the following is an exact quote from an anonymous letter just received from a customs employee somewhere in texas. the facts were also verified through a known news source as well before publishing this letter. 
"mr. carman, 
two years ago(2000), approximately 12 customs inspectors notified internal affairs about a supervisor by the name of janet neely who had falsified drug seizures using other inspector's names and social security numbers without their knowledge and permission. 
internal affairs was never interested on this very serious tecs ii violation. it was only a year later and only after you and the san antonio business journal exposing this corruption that customs internal affairs showed up in laredo, texas.(fly team) they did an excellent job of covering up this type of corruption. they even went as far as blaming one of the inspectors for neely's unlawful violation by accusing the inspector of staying logged onto tecs ii and leaving his/her name logged onto the computer "unattended", thus giving neely an "excuse" to falsify tecs ii records using the other customs employee's name. 
what's even more amazing is that i.a. got this interview incriminating themselves on tape! we have shown customs directives where it states that a violation of this type is considered an "automatic dismissal"(termination) 
not only did neely not get terminated as the directive dictates, she didn't even receive a reprimand of any kind. she instead got a "temporary promotion" to acting chief at the laredo cmc. neely has been in that position ever since her tecs ii violations. until just last week, recently the port director, gene garza noticed that there had been several customs cf-148 forms with his signature which he didn't remember signing. upon further investigation, garza learned that someone had signed for as many as 20 "new" faxes using garza's own signature. these faxes were no where to be found. (copies are usually kept on file for later examination) 
yes, janet neely falsified the port director's signature to obtain faxes and other supplies using customs cf-148 forms and other government funds.  
update 7-18-04
 
(from a customs source: former customs inspector mike horner allegedly forged san diego district's cmc's director rudy m. camacho's signature and got about 10 months in federal custody. rudy m. camacho just retired early last part of last year 2003. where's the "justice" if janet neely only gets her walking papers??? what does that mean??? was she fired, quit, or did she get an "early out" retirement??? why doesn't janet neely get prosecuted and time in jail?? this is a slap in the face of the people who entrusted special law enforcement powers to people in customs and other law enforcement agencies when others flaunt their arrogant power with impunity. haven't we learned enough from the french or american revolution? are we doomed to repeat history if we don't learn from it? what do we pay our taxes for???
 
from still another customs source: double standard for management, one standard for employees. if it isn't against the law and the public conscience to have a double standard where only gs-12's and above are treated differently than others in any government position, there needs to be an inquiry to investigate. hypocrisy still runs rampant in customs and the "new" department of homeland security(dhs) what do you say to that mr. tom ridge and robert c. bonner? you people are such hypocrites and liars and yet, you expect everyone to "respect" you or your position. you don't fool us at all. we are not stupid. do what is right and quit playing favorites. i know what you did last summer! signed (cc redacted)
 
gaby serna, who worked directly under janet neely has already admitted to ordering parts for her "personal" computer using "customs funds" and cf-148 forms. 
further investigation revealed that there were as many as 115 falsified customs cf-148 forms and the theft runs into the "several thousands" of u.s. tax payers dollars". gaby serna further admitted that janet neely told her to do it and that it was authorized. 
neely is under investigation for theft and forgery. neely is also under investigation for signing out for a seized "child pornography" video tape and not returning it to the evidence room. the video tape, which is an important piece of evidence, is still missing. instead of suspending neely with pay, customs management in laredo has chosen to put her in charge of the customs command center. neely is currently the supervisor for the or customs command center in laredo now. yes, this is where all intelligence information and tecs lookouts regarding terrorists threats are processed thru. the command center over sees all customs operations.(related to interpol, justice, dea, ins, secret service, to name a few) 
mr. carman, "what the hell is going on?" 
this is the worst type of corruption and cover up i have ever seen here in customs. neely should be put in prison along with all these "corrupt politicians" with badges that call themselves "internal affairs"! this type of corruption within customs should not be tolerated and needs to be exposed!!! " (unsigned)





						 

						



new archives
									click on any story to view it.

customs agent charged with stealing $95,290 by dan herbeck
unit 10: fbi busts suspected smugglers
bush signs whistleblower bill by sonya ross
hit or miss security leaves border exposed by dan herbeck
drug allegations strikes mexico's high and mighty by dan trotta
salinas case update: romeo salinas job discrimination lawsuit against the u.s. customs service
the world: president bush vowed thursday to create a "smart border" with mexico
doublecross: u.s. customs embarassed by smuggling informant





						 

						







"delayed bribe"
former u.s. customs deputy commissioner charles winwood
												joins sandler & travis trade advisory services as
												senior vice president, border security
												(from the website www.strtrade.com. )








						 

						



customs self service boat reporting update


customs boat reporting system updates. still no changes! this comes from a loyal customs employee that really cares about what is going on. bonner, are you listening? " today, six months after 9/11, the "800" boat reporting phone is still in operation. the agency suspended the "gate" program for aircraft, but allows anyone to use the free reporting system. this telephonic notification system is answered in northern new york, but calls also come in from miami to the shores of the great lakes."(why?) " staffing still has not come up to standards or what congress wants & the "new" customs recruits are being brought on at "two year" appointments,... not permanent. there are no sworn officers to even attempt to check these boats." (what???????) what's with that mr. bonner????? why don't you get your act together bonner!     



						 

						


drug war: 
covert money, power & policy: interdiction




						 

						



the 60 great conspiracies of all time
fiesta of assassins
featuring an international cast of characters




						 

						



after dirty air-dirty money
off-shore accounts & drugs




						 

						



mexican cartels and their integration into mexican socio-political culture

by chris eskridge
									university of nebraska




						 

						



more open borders on canadian/usa border




						 

						



hiring illegal immigrants reaches epidemic proportions. here is what you can do to help.
report illegal hiring




						 

						



the next time someone says they think you are exaggerating about "government corruption", just show them this:
government corruption



						 

						



destroying america as easy as "a-b-c"
david brito garcia:  observer of west texas




						 

						



enron: the anatomy of a cover-up
a former republican insider talks




						 

						







mexican tours 

chuck "chuckles" winwood goes into deep cover as a tour-guide in an effort to apprehend the infamous "frito bandito" corn-chip cartel. he has been giving guided border tours in hopes of detecting and capturing the frito lay family's  mastermind as he smuggles an estimated $150.00 usc worth of corn-chips weekly by hiding them in the carry-on luggage of geriatric sight-seers who travel in and around the border on tour-busses. chuck plans to retire after this intense man-hunt as he says,"i can't take the pressure any more." 

												 








						 
						








congress probes punishment of ins whistle-blowers
washington ö a republican member of the senate judiciary subcommittee on immigration is questioning the immigration and naturalization service's decision to discipline two border patrol agents for publicly pointing out weaknesses in security along the u.s. border with canada.press@grassley.senate.gov

												 







						 

						







following a plea agreement set out by the justice department, a federal judge sentenced a former u.s. customs agent supervisor to the maximum allowable time in prison for helping smuggle marijuana over the border. read this story 

												 







						 

						



man wins right to sue u.s. government over pot car 

									los angeles, california (reuters) -- a mexican national may sue the u.s. government for selling him a car with a hidden load of marijuana, and then arresting him when he tried to cross the u.s.-mexico border in it, a federal appeals court ruled monday.









john carman files groundbreaking lawsuit


john carman, customs agent/whistleblower, has filed a lawsuit that has the law enforcement community buzzing! 
update: ninth circuit court of appeals creates problem for lawsuit and john must now take his case to the supreme court.
 (read the daring charges and understand that he means business)





						 

						



missing something?
for references and past articles, go to our archive pages.
archive     archive1      archive2    archive 3

these articles have been moved to archives page-1


bounties of $200,000 said placed on border agents newsmax.com wires 12-20-1

fbi, cia want agents in t.o. raids after sept. 11 raise fears of established terror cells. by tom godfrey, toronto sun

closer look at exports urged customs lists items of potential use to terrorists




u.s. seeks safe border with mexico


accused drug lord arrested in mexico


mexico police probe mystery corpse


arellano-felix crime family


two baja officers held after port chase


security compromised by mechanical train inspections


bill would give federal whistle-blowers right to sue employers if punished


more help sought for those who blow whistle


									 

									
these articles have been moved to archives page-2


customs service unveils strategy to uncover terrorism materials


customs considers changing inspections on canadian border


president wants 24% hike in spending on border security


an anonymous letter to customscorruption.com


customs house in need of cleaning


promis trail leads to justice


promis spins web of intrigue


nothing is secret


canadian border open to terrorists


police yourself policy 


senator calls for u.s. border checks inside canada


terror cell `had base in canada'


train trouble


felonies if anyone retaliates against government agents or witnesses


a different beat: a coast guard unit from st. petersburg, fla.,


raids bust heroin ring from mexico




these articles have been moved to archives page-3


billions worth of drugs entered u.s. through tunnel


dea confirms capture of benjamine arellano-felix

frank serpico and darlene catalan appear at "whistle-blowers" convention.







  

						 

						



jamie dettmer speaks out on a host of customs corruption issues
read the dettmer papers




						 

						



 this is an anonymous letter from a veteran customs official here in san  diego talking about nepotism and preferential treatment that is causing a serious morale problem in the world's largest land border inspection  station, san ysidro.    

this is just one more exampleof the type of people we have in charge of a  customs border inspection station and customs headquarters does nothing about it.

prisoner of oskar




						 

						




the box
editor note:  after the unexplained disappearance of the article sweet home alabama from our website we are pleased to have obtained a copy of the original article and re-post here for you 
 11/17/2004   sweet home chicago- who is dick roster?
 11/17/2004   sweet home chicago part 2- who is keith pugh?

editor note: this article was scheduled for archiving and a new situation was to be posted to 

the box this week, but because of threatening letters to the editor from ms. tischler's attorney and demand notices sent to myself and our web hosting service, we chose to leave this feature up and add to it any new developments.
									perhaps the most telling thing is that all ms. tischler had to do was to contact us and we would gladly post any rebuttals to the allegations made by our sources. she is a public official that chooses to speak through her lawyer, we speak through this public website. 
									in the interest of fairness, we wish to present both sides of this issue. since the only contact we have with ms. tischler is through her attorney, we have published the demand letters that clearly state her lawyers opinion that the allegations made by our sources were false.
									we have edited the article below in a nod to ms. tischler's attorney, but the overwhelming volume of the allegations (and support from current customs agents) demand we share this information. 

  http://www.customs.ustreas.gov/custoday/jun2000/tischler.htm

email bonnie: bonni.g.tischler@customs.treas.gov 
special treatment: i have personally checked with reliable government sources and former government agents with customs internal affairs contacts. they all allege that assistant customs commissioner bonni g. tischler was caught several times while driving a government vehicle under the influence of alcohol or drugs. ms. tischler was never arrested.

									these in-the-know government sources also allege that ms. tischler received a 30 day suspension for her 2nd or 3rd offense -- in sharp contrast to penalties inflicted on others that were fired or removed from the customs service after their 1st offense. what's up with that bonni?

									according to these government sources, ms. tischler was also allowed to take her suspension one day a week as an extra day off, while other agents, had to take an immediate 45 day suspension in consecutive days off for stopping off to pick up some milk for the kids as an example of improper use of a government vehicle. (that's a lot of money to take away from a family that has minor children and bills to pay isn't it ms. tischler? why are you so special? don't you have family to support?)

									according to customs service sources, the reason why ms. tischler gets special treatment is because she caught one of her associate assistant customs commissioner's chuck winwood (see chuckles winwood) in a "compromising position" with a customs employee while on the job and receiving tax payers money. 

									and in an even more shocking allegation, our government sources tell us that ms. tischler herself was caught having sex with a government informant who was involved in a narcotics case.

now further investigation points to the existence of video tape footage that has been forwarded to customs headquarters showing proof of these allegations. the publisher has additional statements from other current and former agents -- some of them presently assigned to the internal affairs office. these allegations all speak to the existence of this video tape, and the editor of customscorruption.com is attempting to acquire a copy as further proof.

there are now nine corroborating sources reporting to customscorruption.com in regards to these allegations. they all agree that the information appearing here is "common knowledge" in that agency. we are still awaiting a rebuttal (or denial) of any specific allegations from ms. tischler.

what kind of role model is customs purporting to have in ms. tischler?

									is this just another example of how customs protects it's managers.

									if this is acceptable behavior, then rewrite the "customs table of offenses" to include all customs employees and not just customs management.

									everyone in or out of customs is getting sick and tired of this double standard! it needs to stop now!

more to come.................

7-19-01
									word just in that customs internal affairs agents are not only trying to force customs employees to take a polygraphs in chicago (see sweet home... chicago?), but that they are also visiting certain customs employees homes to make copies of their personal computer's hard drives.

									how much tax payer's money is being spent on this "witch hunt" ?

									have they gone mad or what!?

									~editor~




						 

						


 
									customs headlines: 
									 

									click here for up-to-the-minute u.s. customs news

robert c. bonner hearing for new customs commissioner
  u.s. customs service views security as priority

rudy camacho is not who you think he is.

									camacho is also a named defendant in my civil rights lawsuit. 
									( 00cv1215 jm (lsp)

									camacho violated my first amendment rights back in 1994 for talking to another retired customs employee. i was also "ordered" not to talk to this retired employee. no reason was given except that if i talked to this employee, it was assumed i was talking to the newsmedia. why do you think camacho wants to prevent a customs employee from talking to the newsmedia??? learn more on the hot sheet

  update 1/24/04: rudy camacho retired in late december 2003 or early january 2004

subject: customs overtime money - costing rudy camacho $100,000.00 - when deleted was the union steward at deleted from 1989 to 1990 deleted filed a grievance on behalf of the inspectors for the tdy money they were owed under 5usc and the union contract. read this letter on the hot sheet 

 and another letter: "in light of the promis/inslaw articles in insight magazine recently, i would like to suggest the possibility of promis connection to some of your favorite personalities." read this letter on the hot sheet 

insightmag.com - promis trail leads to justice

this just in from the white house...

 11/17/2004   sweet home chicago- who is dick roster?
 11/17/2004    sweet home chicago part 2- who is keith pugh?

  miami herald: whistle-blower customs agent suspended 
page one | page two

  "annonymous" letter written to senator charles grassley? 
page one | page two | page three | page four
new world order - infolords, exposing the new world order scam

customs employees confront culture of reprisal - 2001-05-07 - san antonio business journal.

last month's the "box": charles "chuckles" winwood - it is obvious "acting customs commissioner" charles "chuckles" winwood does have a sense of humor after all. i hope he can appreciate these rare photos of himself while taking part in a "southwestern" theme luncheon at customs headquarters in washington, d.c. in 1994. (how come nobody else got the word and "dressed up" mr. winwood?)

http://sanantonio.bcentral.com/sanantonio/stories/2001/03/19/story1.html

http://sanantonio.bcentral.com/sanantonio/stories/2001/03/19/story5.html

									dennis murphy, assistant commissioner of customs' office of public affairs, declined to comment on the case. to read past articles in this series, go to:

http://sanantonio.bcentral.com/sanantonio/stories/2001/01/22/story1.html

customs record-fraud charges under review by u.s. attorney - 2001-03-19 

ex-customs agent says u.s. ignored evidence 





  former customs internal affairs assistant commissioner homer j. williams on trial as scheduled starting tuesday february 27, 2001 in federal court in the southern district of california in san diego. (later acquitted - see trial notes in archive.)

"secret" indictment & arrest warrant
page one | page two | page three | page four | page five | arrest warrant
ed note: (ongoing case we covered earlier this year: customs official faces perjury counts )





more headlines:


customs agents accused of abusing power - 2001-01-22 - san antonio business journal

pittsburgh post-gazette - win at all costs

u.s. rep. cunningham's son charged with drug trafficking

congressional family drug offenders: escape mandatory sentences, get favorable treatment

news briefs & topics: public figures & drugs

customs commissioner steps down: raymond w. kelly farewell speech

customs accused of abusing power whistleblowers claim reports shredded, drug-bust records made up - by bill conroy

us ca cocaine seizures at border nearly double fiscal 1999

surprise check uncovers 1,018 pounds of marijuana hidden beneath five railway cars

  "u.s. customs overflight list" by john h. heinrich, district director.

john hensley news followup

retired customs rac agent mark conrad is in the running for the customs commissioner position according to reliable sources.

u.s. customs service admits drug corruption

the document trail...


serious mismanagement and misconduct in the treasury department, customs service, and other federal agencies, and the adequacy of efforts to hold agency officials accountable: this federal document shows that the government will do nothing as far as indicting high ranking management with connections. this former customs director got off easy just because he retired immediately after he found out he was under investigation. the case was closed "administratively" by the regional oig, or treasury inspector general  western region.

cover page of report
page one of report
page two of report
page three of report

my letter to senator diane feinstein regarding "illegal" overflight list

illegal drug use by customs employees - the whole story with graphic documentation!
response from deputy assistant attorney general john c. keeney to an attorney who represented customs whistleblowers in san diego. 

subpoena to appear before grand jury - invitation to briefing with us attorney to prepare for grand jury testimony.

rudy m. camacho letter to senator feinstein regarding john carman's whistleblower status. - here is a letter by customs cmc director rudy m. camacho to u.s. senator diane feinstein regarding the retaliation and whistleblower status of constituent and customs employee john a. carman.
									subsequent to that letter and many previous other communications, customs fired john carman on june 19, 1997 for failing to take a demotion/transfer to a desk job in a "non-law enforcement" capacity not related to his 20 years law enforcement training, background and expertise.
									to this date senator diane feinstein has done nothing to protect customs whistleblowers. customs managers continue to retaliate against customs whistleblowers.

more false promises to customs agents by u.s attorney's office - this is another example of the lies by one of janet reno's u.s. attorney's office requesting information on customs corruption. information and examples of corruption were disclosed in exchange for protection for customs whistleblowers who tried to expose corruption in 1994. protection was never provided to these whistleblowers. any of the customs whistleblowers who talked to the u.s. attorney's office were later retaliated against and have received documented death threats. even though there are laws that are supposed to protect whistleblowers, there is no protection under the law for those that try to do their jobs. ~john carman

  update: ex-customs service inspector sentenced. - this is a update to a story we covered in september of this year. go to original story 
see also: additional online coverage 



 murder, money & mexico
 family tree of power & narco-corruption 
 arms smuggling on the border 
 customs service's high-tech planes effective weapon in drug war | see associated article
 u.s. office of special counsel 
 customs official faces perjury counts  
 customs service program at otay mesa under fire  

  commissioner george weise's letter to dateline nbc 
                                                                                   photo: jorge hank-rhon and jerry b. martin (now deceased)  

customs corruption archives


 u.s. report ties mexican tycoon to crime empire 

 san diego tribune - caliente racetrack owner to stand trial
 ex-customs agent exposes clinton 'drug war' 

editor note
 
less than 30 days after i was ordered not to put jorge hank-rhon's name into the tecs computer on look out, an incident occurred.
 
i was going over my notes and remember an incident where some customs co-workers of mine were involved in seizing over $200,000 cash (si-guyard g. williams & si-andrew aldana) and a jet plane from jorge hank-rhon for not declaring it to customs officials. this is not the first time this has occurred at brown field/otay mesa.(1994-1995)
 
i remember the inspectors who were present, but only one person will come forward to confirm this locally.(jay erdmann usc-ret) the other inspectors are retired and out of the area. one other is local, but afraid because of jorge hank-rhon.
 
jerry martin personally called on behalf of then customs district director alan j. rappoport(retired and living in san diego) and ordered the plane and over $200,000 cash released. this is against the law and against customs policies. this incident also came after i was ordered not to put jorge's name into the tecs computer system. alan j. rappoport still has connections to jorge hank-rhon as did jerry martin before he passed away on or about september 23, 2003. john "jack" maryon is also retired and living here locally working as a courier.
 
customs corruption staff now has proof that janet reno lied and is protecting jorge hank-rhon. jorge is "apparently" lying or seriously forgot and has been stopped with about $200,000 that he did not declare and customs managers covered for him. according to mexican and american sources,  jorge hank-rhon "allegedly" gave then customs dd alan j. rappoport a brand "new" cadillac to thank him for getting him out of trouble with the undeclared $200,000 at brown field.
 customs corruption staff members have also talked to various sources and confirmed a latin-american source who "allegedly" delivered the brand new vehicle to alan j. rappoport then.(this information has only come to light in the last 3 months or so)  
 
jay erdmann will go on the record about this and back me up on that particular incident as well. 
 
customs corruption staff. 





						 

						
visit page 2 for more customs corruption
corruption at the border - video of john carman at the granada forum
						$20.00 plus $3.00 shipping - send money order payable to cash
						john carman
						p.o. box 577
						la mesa, california 91944
(currently sold out - advanced orders for 2nd edition only)

  customs headlines | john carman's resume | commendations | carman investigations | the john carman report | the  sheet | recent local drug busts | recommended reading & web links | federal narcotic related offenses charts & statistics (pdf file) | illegal drug use by customs employees
 disclaimer: all contacts made with customs corruption.com or it's investigative reporters are kept strictly confidential. if you or a friend has a story for customs corruption.com, contact us by a confidential email account, pager, or prepaid cell phone, not your home phone, not your personal computer. never use a work computer at work. prepaid phone cards can be utilized from anywhere and from a pay phone. good luck! 
legal warning:
						any attempt by an individual or organization to deliberately damage, destroy, tamper or vandalize this web site or interfere with its proper operation, is a serious violation of criminal & civil laws. we reserve the right to seek damages & diligently pursue all remedies against any such individual or organization to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
copyright © 1998-2024, corruption at the border, by john carman
no material, written, audio, video, photographs, or other printed matter on this website may be used with out expressed permission from john a. carman with a signed release form releasing this information. special permission is given to legitimate news media for republication with proper credits attached. all others are invalid.
back to top
remember to



thank you!
  













