




















dining services : washington and lee university
















































washington and lee university







menu








a-z index
directory
libraries
webmail
news
events
calendar



current students
faculty & staff
get help now


search







search















 navigation



dining services
 campus dining venues and menus
 meal plans
 hours
 transact mobile ordering
 net nutrition
 catering
 sustainability
 special events
 meal vouchers
 




home dining services 

						dining services
							an award-winning dining program 
your dining services team is committed to preparing food from-scratch, in small batches as close to service as possible. we are passionate about food and take pride in serving skillfully-prepared meals that are fresh, never-frozen and hand-crafted from the highest quality ingredients. we source significant portions of our food from local farmers, growers, and artisans, including produce from w&l's own campus garden. our menus emphasize fresh, local and healthy options and are available in a variety of venues and formats, from all-you-care-to-eat to on the go! to specialty catered events.
 



transact mobile ordering

order what you want, when you want it, all from your mobile device. download the transact mobile ordering app to get started. 





net nutrition






sustainability

w&l has a goal for campus carbon neutrality by 2050, but we are racing to get there a whole lot sooner. this means innovating how we source, use, and dispose of resources here on campus, designing our buildings, landscape and operations for the best environmental impact, and collaborating on progress with communities across campus and throughout rockbridge county. explore our progress and plans on the tabs below and in the most recent update of w&l's climate action plan.





special events






meet our team

it is our goal that every w&l dining team member be able to assist you in a friendly and helpful way whenever you have questions. please don't hesitate to ask us for assistance. we are here to serve you!





w&l care package program

we've created several fun and delicious ways to help you tell your special student, staff member or friend that you're thinking of them and the best part is that you can include your own personal note in every package!





student employment

dining services employs dozens of work-study students throughout our venues.  all students who are eligible for financial aid may apply through the student employment system and may request positions in the marketplace, café 77, fieldside, e. café, tea house, brief stop, catering, or the campus bakery.  gain valuable work experience in a fun, fast-paced environment!





meal vouchers

w&l dining services is pleased to offer on-campus meal vouchers, intended to support university-related activities in alignment with institutional goals. a meal voucher is a redeemable paper slip provided and billed by w&l dining services administration to the department that is sponsoring any person, group, etc. departments may request meal vouchers for students, faculty, staff, and visitors.






▲













dining feedback


follow us


facebook



twitter



instagram






announcements





contact information
contact usdiningservices@wlu.edudirector of dining services alvin wheelerawheeler@wlu.edu(540) 458-8106










washington and lee university









204 w. washington st.
lexington va 24450
540-458-8400










facebook









twitter









instagram









linkedin









youtube









pinterest







quick reference

business office
general counsel
human resources
information technology
student affairs
university registrar



campus resources

disability accommodations
emergency resources
legal notices
campus dining
campus map






in compliance with title ix of the education amendments of 1972, section 504 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, and all other applicable non-discrimination laws, washington and lee university does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran's status, or genetic information in its educational programs and activities, admissions, and with regard to employment. inquiries may be directed to the title ix coordinator, elrod university commons 212, (540) 458-4055, who is designated by the university to coordinate compliance efforts and carry out its responsibilities under title ix, as well as those under section 504 and other applicable non-discrimination laws. inquiries may also be directed to the assistant secretary for civil rights, u.s. department of education. see non discrimination statement


© copyright 
2025

washington and lee university
















