





countervortex – resisting humanity's downward spiral
















































skip to content


 

countervortex
resisting humanity's downward spiral









   


    support us!
  



primary menu
daily report

bill weinberg’s blog
countervortex
new jewish resistance
weekly news update on the americas
jurist


features

back issues
documents
search archive (pre-2004)
countervortex classic


audio
video
support us
about us

our mission
posting policy
contact us


links
subscribe
 






from our daily report:




planet watch 

 

ukraine, greenland and the global struggle for lithium



in episode 265 of the countervortex podcast, bill weinberg examines trump’s ultimatum to ukraine to hand over a large share of its wealth in strategic minerals such as lithium in exchange for continued us military aid—and whether a race with china for control of the lithium and rare earth elements needed for elon musk‘s industrial interests might also be the agenda behind the trump regime’s annexationist designs on greenland. trump is meanwhile opening native american lands in nevada to lithium exploitation, while musk’s tesla has sought to grab a share of bolivia‘s lithium reserves—now also coveted by china. listen on soundcloud or via patreon. (photo: rare earth mine at mountain pass, calif. credit: tmy350 via wikimedia commons)







palestine 

 

palestinian-owned bookshops raided in jerusalem



israeli police raided two branches of a renowned bookshop in occupied east jerusalem, seizing books and arresting the owner and his nephew. mahmoud and ahmed muna were accused of selling books that incite terrorism, and later charged with disturbing public order. the family-owned educational bookshop is a jerusalem landmark and cultural hub, and publishers, academics and rights groups came out to protest and support the munas and their shop. the rights watchdog b’tselem said in a statement that “the attempt to crush the palestinian people includes the harassment and arrest of intellectuals… israel must immediately release [mahmoud and ahmed muna] from detention and stop persecuting palestinian intellectuals.” the munas were held for two nights and released on five days’ house arrest—but the family re-opened the shop even before that. “they want to make us afraid. not just us, they want to send a message to all palestinian people,” said morad muna, mahmoud’s brother. he said the re-opening was “the best reaction that we can do to such a situation.” (image: educational bookshop)







south asia 

 

amnesty: india must end manipur violence



amnesty international called on indian authorities to take immediate steps to end ongoing ethnic violence and ensure human rights protections in the conflict-torn northeastern state of manipur. the statement comes as n. biren singh resigned as chief minister of manipur. since may 2023, ethnic clashes between the meitei and kuki-zo communities have left over 250 dead and more than 60,000 displaced. villages, businesses, and places of worship have been destroyed, as vigilante groups operate with impunity. the resignation of singh follows a supreme court-ordered forensic inquiry into leaked audio tapes that allegedly link him to instigating ethnic violence. amnesty emphasized that singh’s resignation provides an opportunity for authorities to break the cycle of violence and impunity that has plagued manipur for nearly two years. (photo: asia media centre)







europe 

 

trump prepares grab for ukraine’s lithium



as trump and hegseth explicitly broach the surrender of ukrainian territory to russia, a poorly positioned zelensky is acceding to demands that he turn a large portion of his country’s strategic mineral wealth over to the us in compensation for military aid. especially at issue are ukraine’s significant reserves of lithium—critical to de facto “co-president” elon musk’s e-vehicle interests. in announcing a new lithium refinery in texas, musk called the mineral “the new oil.” the premium on ukraine’s strategic minerals is elevated by china’s perceived design to establish control over the planet’s rare earth elements. however, as zelensky is quick to emphasize, nearly 20% of ukraine’s mineral resources are in areas under russian occupation. (map: researchgate)







north america 

 

nevada lithium permit violates indigenous rights: hrw



human rights watch (hrw) charged that the us government’s decision to permit lithium americas company to mine at thacker pass in nevada violates indigenous people’s rights by failing to obtain free, prior and informed consent (fpic) in accordance with international law. the report determined that the bureau of land management (blm) permitted the lithium mine without the fpic of the numu, nuwu and newe peoples. in the 2021 blm decision to approve the mining project, the agency stated it had been in contact with tribal governments since 2018 and that “no comments or concerns have been raised.” hrw challenges that assertion, claiming there was no meaningful consultation, and that us courts have rebuffed all efforts by affected indigenous peoples to challenge the adequacy of the consultation process. thacker pass contains one of the largest known lithium deposits in the world. the project sprawls over 18,000 acres of numu, nuwu and newe ancestral lands. (photo: protect thacker pass)







southeast asia 

 

burma: deadly junta air-strikes escalate



junta air-strikes killed over 170 people across burma in january, a fourfold increase over the previous month, according to an analysis by the irrawaddy, an independent exile-based newspaper that maintains a network of reporters on the ground. the strikes hit villages, health facilities, a prison and a gold mine in various areas held by the resistance, although most of those killed were civilians. more than 1,800 people have been killed in air-strikes since the february 2021 coup. (image: the irrawaddy)







africa 

 

sudan’s army advances, abuses multiply



the sudanese army appears close to retaking the capital city khartoum from the paramilitary-turned-rebel rapid support forces (rsf) as momentum continues to swing in its favor following nearly two years of conflict. reports suggest the army has been advancing on multiple fronts, having broken a bruising siege on its khartoum headquarters last month. it has also won back significant territory in other parts of central sudan, including gezira state. military control, however, has come at a significant cost, with the un reporting that soldiers and allied militia have been carrying out summary executions of civilians they accuse of being rsf collaborators. workers in self-organized “mutual aid” groups—the backbone of the humanitarian response in sudan—have also been targeted in the reprisals. (map: sudan war monitor)







new york city 

 

podcast: cantonese & toisan language promotion with kim



in episode 264 of the countervortex podcast, bill weinberg interviews kim of new york city’s chinatown cantonese toisan group about her efforts to promote cantonese and toisan language and culture. indigenous to china’s guangdong province, these tongues are spoken by millions in a global diaspora. thanks to the efforts of state sen. iwen chu, feb. 12 is now taishan (toisan) day in new york state, commemorating the day in 1499, during the ming dynasty, that toisan county was officially created—and honoring the contributions of toisan immigrants, most notably in the dangerous work of building the transcontinental railroad. it was a toisan man born in san francisco, wong kim ark, who won the 1898 supreme court case that established birthright citizenship as a constitutional right. yet in china, cantonese and toisan are relegated to the status of fangyan (regional dialects) and officially discouragedin favor of mandarin—leading to protests in provincial capital guangzhou in 2010. even in the us, the children’s book coolies, about the cantonese railroad workers, has been banned from public libraries by local forces of intolerance. through exhibits, social gatherings and a weekly language class, kim works to keep cantonese and toisan heritage and pride alive in the new york metropolitan area. listen on soundcloud or via patreon.







watching the shadows 

 

trump signs order sanctioning icc



us president donald trump signed an executive order sanctioning the international criminal court (icc) for issuing warrants for israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu and former defense minister yoav gallant. the order imposes significant sanctions on icc officials and their immediate families, including the blocking of property and assets and suspension of entry into the united states. the order asserts that the icc has improperly claimed jurisdiction over the us and israel, and that the icc’s actions endanger us personnel and threaten us sovereignty and national security. (photo: oseveno/wikimedia)







mexico 

 

mexico launches ‘operativo frontera norte’



mexico has launched a massive deployment of 10,000 troops to cities and towns on the border with the united states. videos and photos posted on social media by mexico’s secretariat of national defense (sedena) showed military and national guard troops lined up boarding transport planes and rows of army trucks rolling out from bases in mexico city, tlaxcala and other cities. the response—dubbed “operativo frontera norte”—is part of an agreement reached between us president donald trump and mexican president claudia sheinbaum postponing trade tariff threats for a month. (photo: sedena via peninsula360)







europe 

 

un: russia increasing executions of ukrainian pows



the un human rights monitoring mission in ukraine reported that captured ukrainian soldiers are being executed by russian forces at an alarming rate. the mission has recorded 79 executions in 24 separate incidents since august 2024. for all incidents, the mission obtained video and photo material showing executions or dead bodies. the spike in executions is part of a pattern of abuse against ukrainian prisoners of war (pows). the mission recorded at least three phone calls in 2024 in which russian officials called for executions. the armed conflict between russia and ukraine is ostensibly governed by international humanitarian treaties. both nations are parties to the third geneva convention, which states that pows may not be subjected to torture or ill-treatment. article 13 of the convention provides for the humane treatment of pows, including the prohibition of any acts or omissions that will cause death or seriously endanger health. (map via wikipedia)







the caucasus 

 

georgia: opposition leaders arrested amid protests



georgia police arrested several anti-government protesters, including two prominent opposition leaders, amid demonstrations demanding new parliamentary elections. nika melia, former chairman of the opposition united national movement, and gigi ugulava, former mayor of capital tbilisi, were detained as thousands of protesters attempted to block a highway entrance into the capital. georgia has faced ongoing anti-government demonstrations since the immediate aftermath of october’s controversial parliamentary elections, and the subsequent decision of newly-elected prime minister irakli kobakhidze to suspend membership negotiations with the eu. the pro-eu president of georgia, salome zourabichvili, has consistently refused demands that she step down and turn power over to a new president chosen by a special body appointed by the ruling bloc in parliament, which she rejects as illegitimate. tensions escalated at the end of december, with the inauguration of the right-wing populist mikheil kavelashvili, leaving the country with two rival presidencies. (photo: jelger groeneveld via wikimedia commons)




more headlines
				


featured stories 




 



revolution 9



in a brief memoir written for canada’s skunk magazine, countervortex editor bill weinberg recalls his days as a young neo-yippie in the 1980s. a remnant faction of the 1960s counterculture group adopted a punk aesthetic for the reagan era, launched the us branch of the rock against racism movement, brought chaos to the streets at republican and democratic political conventions, defied the police in open cannabis “smoke-ins” —and won a landmark supreme court ruling for free speech. the yippie clubhouse at 9 bleecker street, the hub for all these activities, has long since succumbed to the gentrification of the east village, but it survived long enough to provide inspiration to a new generation of radical youth during occupy wall street.
continue readingrevolution 9  






 



chiquita to pay for paramilitary terror in colombia



in 2007, chiquita—one of the world’s largest banana producers—admitted that for years it had been knowingly paying a colombian terrorist organization to protect its operations in the country. the consequence was predictably violent, resulting in thousands of murders, disappearances, and acts of torture. this week, nearly two decades later, a federal jury in south florida ordered the company to pay upwards of $38 million in damages in the first of multiple waves of wrongful death and disappearance lawsuits. in an explainer for jurist, ingrid burke friedman explores the factors that drove the multinational to make these payments, the consequences, and the legal impact.
continue readingchiquita to pay for paramilitary terror in colombia  






 



the new zapatista autonomy



last week the zapatista national liberation army (ezln) released a declaration, setting out a new structure for the autonomous indigenous communities in mexico’s southern state of chiapas. uri gordon of the british anarchist journal freedom spoke to bill weinberg, a longtime radical journalist in new york city, for insight into this change and its significance. weinberg’s book about the zapatistas, homage to chiapas: the new indigenous struggles in mexico, was published by verso in 2000. he spent much time in chiapas and elsewhere in mexico during the 1990s, covering the indigenous movements there, prominently including the zapatistas. in recent decades he has reported widely from south america and is now completing a book about indigenous struggles in the andes, particularly peru. he continues to follow the zapatistas and chiapas closely, and covers world autonomy movements on his website countervortex. in this interview, he explores new pressures in the encroachment of narco-paramilitaries on their territories as a factor prompting the zapatistas’ current re-organization, and how it actually represents a further localization and decentralization of the movement.
continue readingthe new zapatista autonomy  






 



gas intrigues, ecology and the ukraine war



over the past decades, russia has sought to expand natural gas exports, necessitating construction of pipelines to europe and china. in addition to profits for the russian state, fossil fuel exports are a valuable tool for moscow’s geopolitical ambitions. since the start of the war in ukraine in 2014 and the full-scale invasion in 2022, the economic and political stakes have skyrocketed. russia”s green movements had previously been able to mobilize effective campaigns, winning concessions on pipeline routes through natural areas. since 2014, however, they have come under increasingly harsh scrutiny from the russian government, with organizations branded “undesirable” or declared “foreign agents.” control of pipelines routes through ukraine itself are also a goad of the russian war effort. eugene simonov and jennifer castner of the ukraine war environmental consequences work group demonstrate how war fever and militarization threaten resources and ecology across the russian federation as well as in ukraine.
continue readinggas intrigues, ecology and the ukraine war  






 



ukraine’s difficult path to justice



this august, ukraine’s capital of kyiv hosted a large international conference entitled “special tribunal for the crime of aggression against ukraine: justice to be served.” the conference was aimed at reinvigorating global efforts to prosecute the crime of aggression against ukraine—a crime which cannot be prosecuted under the current jurisdictional regime of the international criminal court. many in ukraine believe that justice can be served only when a fully-fledged international special tribunal for the crime of aggression is created. however, some of ukraine’s most powerful allies endorse a “hybrid” tribunal, such as those created for sierra leone and cambodia—which would rely in large part on ukrainian national law and raise questions about the reach of jurisdiction. despite optimistic expectations at the beginning of the year, disagreements between ukraine and its allies have left some wondering: in the end, will justice indeed be served? international law scholars mariia lazareva of ukraine’s taras shevchenko national university and erik kucherenko of oxford provide an analysis for jurist.
continue readingukraine’s difficult path to justice  






 



gaza’s shock attack: unveiling the context



the shock attack from the gaza strip has terrified israelis, and the government appears to be preparing a massive retaliation. but writing for israel’s independent +972 magazine, haggai matar insists that the current horror must bring home the overwhelming context. contrary to what many israelis are saying, this is not a “unilateral” or “unprovoked” attack. the dread israelis feel now is a sliver of what palestinians have experienced daily under the decades-long military regime in the west bank, the siege and repeated assaults on gaza. in recent months, hundreds of thousands of israelis have been marching for “democracy and equality” across the country, with many even saying they would refuse military service because of this government’s authoritarian turn. what those protestors and reserve soldiers need to understand—especially now, as many of them announce they will halt their protests to join the new war on gaza—is that palestinians have been struggling for those same demands for decades, facing an israel that to them is already, and has always been, completely authoritarian.
continue readinggaza’s shock attack: unveiling the context  






 



crimea: ukraine’s other national liberation struggle



many would-be “peacemakers” on the political right as well as on the political left have “very helpfully” suggested that ukraine should give up some territories, which they describe as “russian-speaking,” in order to appease the aggressor. when these self-styled “peacemakers” lay out exactly how ukraine should be unmade piece by piece, crimea is always the first territory mentioned. crimea is, we are told, the most “russian speaking” region in ukraine, and voted for union with russia in 2014. in an analysis for countervortex, kyiv-born writer and activist yevgeny lerner debunks both these claims. not only was the 2014 referendum illegitimate, but the “russian speaking” majority in the region was effected through generations of ethnic cleansing of its indigenous inhabitants: the crimean tatars. the struggle of the crimean tatar people for land recovery and territorial autonomy is now unified with the general struggle of ukraine for national survival against russian aggression.
continue readingcrimea: ukraine’s other national liberation struggle  






 



ukraine: debunking russia’s war propaganda



in a special analysis for countervortex, bill weinberg debunks vladimir putin’s “de-nazification” propaganda for his invasion of ukraine, a paramount example of the ultra-cynical phenomenon of paradoxical fascist pseudo-anti-fascism. the ukrainian state that he demonizes as “nazi” has been experiencing a democratic renewal since the maidan revolution, as russia has descended into autocratic dictatorship. putin’s stated justifications for the ukraine war are either paranoid delusions or outright lies. his real objectives are to rebuild the russian empire, re-establish the russian dictatorship, and exterminate ukraine as a cultural and political entity. these are the open aims of alexander dugin, the intellectual mastermind of putin’s revanchist imperial project, and the political heir of ivan ilyin, the 20th century theorist of “russian fascism.”
continue readingukraine: debunking russia’s war propaganda  






 



russia’s strategy to destabilize the balkans: it’s working



putin’s aggression in ukraine is emboldening russia’s ally serbia to press its claims on kosovo, which declared its independence in 2008. as ethnic serbs launch violent protests in kosovo, serbian officials are threatening to launch a campaign to “de-nazify” the balkans. meanwhile, leaders of the autonomous bosnian serb republic have announced their intention to secede from bosnia & herzegovina. the wars in the states to emerge from the break-up of yugoslavia in the 1990s were an early harbinger of the current conflagration in ukraine. now, in a grim historical cycle, the war in ukraine could re-ignite the wars in the balkans. nicholas velazquez, in an analysis for geopolitical monitor, sees an intentional moscow design to destabilize the region.
continue readingrussia’s strategy to destabilize the balkans: it’s working  






 



russian genocide of the ukrainian nation



russia’s unprovoked aggression against ukraine has sparked a strong international reaction, with most states referring to the actions of the russian army as war crimes. a number of parliaments and heads of state have recognized that yet another international crime—genocide—is being committed by the occupation’s troops. poland’s parliament, the sejm, was the first to pass a resolution in march, strongly condemning “acts of genocide…committed on the territory of sovereign ukraine by the russian federation armed forces, together with its allies, at the behest of military commanders being under the direct authority of president vladimir putin.” since then, especially after the infamous bucha massacre, other parliaments have joined poland in condemning russia’s actions as genocide, including those of lithuania, estonia, latvia, canada, czechia and ireland. however, the international criminal court investigation has been slow to examine charges of genocide, and any binding action by the un against russia is effectively blocked by its veto on the security council. the dilemma is explored by ukrainian law student nastya moyseyenko in a commentary for jurist.
continue readingrussian genocide of the ukrainian nation  






 



crimea: legacy of the deportation



may 18 is commemorated as a memorial day for the victims of the genocide of the crimean tatar people. on that day in 1944, joseph stalin began a mass deportation of the entire population of crimean tatars who survived the german occupation of the peninsula. over 200,000 tatars, baselessly accused of collaborating with the nazis, were packed in railroad cattle-cars and sent to remote locations in central asia and siberia. over 46 percent of the crimean tatar people perished during the first two years of the exile due to harsh conditions. only in 1989 did the ussr condemn the deportation, after which the indigenous people of crimea started returning to their homeland. the deportation was recognized as a genocide by ukraine in 2015, and later by latvia, lithuania and canada. in a commentary for ukraine’s euromaidan press, olena makarenko notes that today, thousands of crimean tatars have been forced once again to leave the crimean peninsula due to the russian occupation of 2014; hundreds of those who stayed are persecuted.
continue readingcrimea: legacy of the deportation  






 



apology to the ‘witches’: why now?



scotland and catalonia have issued formal apologies for the burning of thousands of women as “witches” between the 15th and 18th centuries. an apology for a crime committed hundreds of years ago, with the victims and perpetrators alike both long dead, may seem like an empty exercise. however, the contemporary world still sees periodic frenzies of “witchcraft” hysteria, with women and the least powerful in society “tried” and lynched—especially in rural areas of africa and asia. last year, the un human rights council adopted a resolution sponsored by cameroon calling for “elimination of harmful practices related to accusations of witchcraft and ritual attacks.” new york area neo-pagan practitioner and commentator carole linda gonzalez argues that, in this light, the new apologies are all too relevant.
continue readingapology to the ‘witches’: why now?  




posts navigation
 previous features











regions





iraq - syria
iran - yemen
afghanistan
palestinekurdistan
greater mideast


africa
sahel - horn
west africa
north africa
central africasudan


south asia
southeast asia
oceania
east asia
central asia


europe
central europe
balkans
ukraine
caucasus


mexico
central america
caribbean


andes
amazon
southern cone


north america
new york city


shadow watch
planet watch


recent updateszelensky turns down us mineral deal —for noweu parliament calls for new georgia electionsdrone strike on chernobyl radiation shieldturkey: gezi park defendants acquitted —at lasthonduran company cited for human rights violations

features


revolution 9


chiquita to pay for paramilitary terror in colombia


the new zapatista autonomy


gas intrigues, ecology and the ukraine war


ukraine’s difficult path to justice


links


















we depend on our readers.please support us:
    

login

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org


 




© 2025 all rights reserved












