







custom blends – custom blends farm fresh tobacco

























































skip to content







1-717-741-4972



info@customblends.com



buy tobacco at planet r.y.o.





store locator



/customblendstobacco









 

home
blends
wholesale
planet r.y.o.
contact
store locator
 






 

home
blends
wholesale
planet r.y.o.
contact
store locator















custom blends
farm fresh tobaccoover 37 blends of high quality, true premium, farm fresh, roll-your-own cigarette tobacco since 1993!shop wholesalefind blends near you 




created with sketch. 
 






    from the farm to you custom blends tobacco has been delivering farm fresh cigarette tobacco to our customers for 27 years and counting!    true premium cigarette tobacco our tobacco is fine cut from the top and mid-leaf of the plant reducing stems often picked up by lower quality brands    smoke fine on half the dime roll-your-own tobacco is a cheaper alternative for cigarette smokers looking to save money and still enjoy a smoke.    minimal chemicals farm fresh means we don’t spray our tobacco with harmful chemicals that are unnecessary to growing, curing and processing the tobacco    no extra additives we don’t use extra additives than what’s necessary to flavor our tobaccos. custom blends #28 is virtually untouched after leaving the farm, a true full flavor blend.    grandfathered by the fda we are proudly acknowledged by the fda as a grandfathered cigarette tobacco company with over 27 blends recognized and approved by the fda    view our line ofpremium roll your own cigarette 
tobacco blends learn about the various custom blends tobacco blends we have available on the market today!                                                                                           our history the story of custom blendsfounder and owner mark tucci recognized the tradition and overall atmosphere rolling your own cigarettes had in foreign countries during the late 80s and early 90s. this feeling was an overall luxurious and mature vibe, one quite different from his experience in the usa. you knew what you smoked, and therefore companies provided high quality, fresh and nicely packaged tobacco. he felt this was something american smokers were missing a true premium roll-your-own experience.     established in 1993custom blends tobacco was formed in 1993 in york, pennsylvania.  smokin’ start after establishment, custom blends tobacco quickly took off and was sold in 23 countries. custom blends franchise custom blends smoke shops aka planet r.y.o. became a huge pa smoker sensation with 11 locations throughout the state. present day custom blends was granted grandfather status from the fda being labeled as a premium roll-your-own cigarette tobacco!      a premium roll-your-own experience the secret of success mark tucci’s envision on bringing a true premium roll-your-own cigarette tobacco company to america was quite simple. it involved ethics, quality, packaging all of which leads to the most important part, customer satisfaction.    quality over quantity we enjoy a good smoke! so quality matters. our tobacco is cut from the best parts of the leaf! 37 custom blends flavors! at one point we had 50 different blends. today we have 37 blends grandfathered in by the fda! cigarette tobacco not pipe while ‘pipe’ tobacco becomes discontinued, our ethics have allowed us to stay on the shelves! new foil fresh bags! no windows, foiled interior, resealable pouch. these bags are just as ‘fresh’ as the tobacco iself.     private label r.y.o. cigarette tobacco we have 37 blends of roll-your-own cigarette tobacco grandfathered into the fda. these blends feature high quality tobaccos of all varieties, flavors and origins. for more information on how you can get private labeled bags for your business or purchase a fda grandfathered blend, call the number below.1-717-741-4972        visit planet r.y.o. for all your smoking needs!planet r.y.o. (formerly custom blends smoke shop) is a roll-your-own haven featuring tubes, rolling papers, machines, pipes and cigars from around the world!  visit planet r.y.o.    join our community art/musicians/entertainment the creative world has always orbitted around custom blends for ages! join our community pages to view showcased works of artists, musicians and entertainers all over the nation!    let’s roll        contact us questions, comments, concerns? feel free to reach out and one of our amazing reps will respond as soon as possible.     


contact page
contact us by using the form below and a custom blends tobacco representative will be in contact shortly.


your name*


your name

email*

subject your message*captchacommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 








δ
   








fda disclosure the statements made regarding these products have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration. the efficacy of these products has not been confirmed by fda-approved research. these products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. all information presented here is not meant as a substitute for or alternative to information from health care practitioners. please consult your health care professional about potential interactions or other possible complications before using any product. the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act require this notice.

 

nicotine disclosure not for sale to minors – products sold on this site are intended for adult smokers. you must be of legal smoking age in your territory to purchase products. products sold on this site are not smoking cessation products and have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration, nor are they intended to treat, prevent or cure any disease or condition. please consult your physician before use. products on this site may contain propylene glycol, vegetable glycerin, nicotine and flavorings. products on this site may be poisonous if orally ingested, please keep out of reach of children and pets. read our terms and conditions page before purchasing. use all products on this site at your own risk!

 

 
all rights reserved. © 2021. custom blends tobacco & news.

 





custom blends

©  2025 custom blends. built using wordpress and the mesmerize theme 























private label form

"*" indicates required fields



step 1 of 3


33%


fill out this form to help our sales team with ordering your private labeled roll your own cigarette tobacco blends. a sales representative will contact you as soon as your information is reviewed.contact person's informationyour name* company name email*

phone*







private label requestsalready know what custom blends you want to order?

blend 1


blend 3


blend 4


blend 6


blend 8


blend 11


blend 21


blend 28


blend 36
select allif you are unsure, select all or skip this section.choose tobacco flavors you are interested in ordering

full flavor


mellow


mellow menthol


menthol


turkish
select allif you are unsure, select all or skip this section.


 




company informationfile upload (not required)max. file size: 32 mb.upload your company logo and/or legal documents  (business licenses, tobacco sales license, etc). if you don't have these, you can skip this step.company address (not required)



street address


address line 2


city

alabamaalaskaamerican samoaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiaguamhawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotanorthern mariana islandsohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniapuerto ricorhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahu.s. virgin islandsvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyomingarmed forces americasarmed forces europearmed forces pacific
state


zip code


phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 









δ



			close			









subscribe to our mailing list
sign up to our mailing list to receive special offers and exclusive deals!
*we don’t spam and you can unsubscribe at anytime.








your name*


first



last

your email*

select your preferred blendultra mellowmellowfull flavormentholcaptcha
 








δ




			x			


























