







garand, m1, m14, m16, carbine, 1911, 1917, militaria, small arms








   





military small arms - garand, m14, 
carbine, m1911, m1917, m1903, m16, etc.




to use any of these credit cards, choose
check out with paypal at 
the payment screen!

nicolaus 
associates no longer accepts orders from outside the 50 u.s. states - this 
includes no fpo / apo orders. all orders must ship within the fifty u.s. states.


description 

publicly available clearinghouse for u.s. military 
small 
arms technical information, and militaria, including: diagrams, technical 
manuals, field manuals, graphic training aids (gtas), posters, prints, ps 
magazines, lithographs, blueprints, 
art, militaria, and other related information. 

 

nicolaus associates latest deals and products:

https://nicolausassociates.blogspot.com/  

 


purpose

this website makes available the diagrams, 
graphic training aids (gtas), technical manuals, field manuals, art, posters, lithographs, blueprints, and much 
more which form the parts of the 
m1 garand, 
m1c sniper's, m1d sniper's,
gas trap garand, m14 rifle, 
m14 national match rifle, m21 
sniper's, 1903 springfield, 1903a1 springfield, 
1903a3 springfield, 1903a4 
sniper's, 1911 pistol, 1911a1 
pistol, 45 caliber pistol, colt 
45 pistol, m1 carbine, m2 carbine, 
m3 carbine, 1917 enfield, 
b.a.r. (browning automatic rifle), 
m2 machinegun, military shotguns,
m9 pistol, m16 rifle,
ps magazines, fal,
and other army and u.s. military small arms 
information made by colt, winchester, springfield armory, enfield, remington, 
etc.  u.s. army, military rifle, pistol, 
shotgun, machinegun, and revolver information is being 
added constantly.  the cost is intended to be reasonable, 
to allow this author/editor/publisher to be able to support his family and continue 
researching 20th century u.s. military 
small arms, firearms, and militaria.  if you don't see what you're looking for here, simply call or 
e-mail me at my home-office.  the telephone and e-mail address is: (706) 
367-1257 or  
themerc@windstream.net. 

 
 


credit card & other 
	types of orders
to use visa, mastercard, or discover, choose
check out with paypal at 
the payment screen!

 




contact information

see the attached web pages for information, 
purchasing, and several free downloads of blueprints, diagrams, technical 
manuals, and the author/editor's books.  see below to contact the author/editor.  

 

business hours

monday through friday (5 days a week), 
1000 - 1400 est.  no answer at my work telephone?  call my work cellular or email me!
the best method to reach me is to email me at:
themerc@windstream.net!
i will get back asap!  i have been known to work often on many saturdays and 
sundays.  i recommend you e-mail me on the weekends.  keep in mind 
that i am a "one man band" - it pays to e-mail or call me on my cellular if no 
answer on my work phone!    



    work
    telephone (leave name, number, and other pertinent info on answering machine 
	if no answer)


   706-367-1257


work cell phone


   706-247-0651



work fax (24/7 automatic detection 
	of incoming faxes or voice calls)

   706-367-1257



home telephone (when all above 
	fail)



   706-367-1002

postal (mailing) address


   p.o. box 875, jefferson, georgia 
    30549-0875


physical (ups, fedex, 
	etc.) address


   144 thornhill circle, the 
	preserve at jefferson, jefferson, georgia 
    30549


electronic mail
 


   general information: 
    


    themerc@windstream.net 
          
        sales: 
    


    themerc@windstream.net 
          
        webmaster: 
    


    themerc@windstream.net 
     



"document restoration"

"document restoration" is a tedious and 
    time-consuming process.  nicolaus associates has spent hundreds 
    of hours (actually, well over one thousand hours) restoring military 
    firearms document copies (blueprints, instructions, booklets, etc.) as close to 
    original as possible.  this effort has been noticed by website surfers 
    who have requested quotes on firearms & non-firearms document 
    restoration.  if you 
    would like to have nicolaus associates potentially "restore" any 
    documents, please contact the owner, eric a. nicolaus, at the below email 
    address or telephone number.  please note that i "restore" a copy of 
	your original document - i do not restore the original document 
	itself. 

     






privacy policy for nicolaus associates ---
our postal address, physical address, e-mail, telephone, and fax numbers 
	are all listed above. please feel free to contact us concerning any question 
	you may have concerning our website, business, or orders you have placed. 
	absolutely no personal information is gathered regarding your domain or 
	e-mail address. we do not set any cookies. persons who supply us with their 
	telephone numbers, mailing or physical addresses, or e-mail will only 
	receive telephone or written contacts from us with information regarding 
	orders they have placed on-line. nicolaus associates does not partner with 
	or have special relationships with any ad server companies. 

product return policy for nicolaus associates 
	--- if you do not like the product, simply return the product in 
	the condition received for a full refund (not including original shipping 
	charges) within 3 business days of receipt. please include a note as to the 
	reason for returning the product. 

shipments in and outside the continental united 
	states --- nicolaus associates charges a flat rate fee of 
	$10.50 for shipping orders within the continental united states. if you order 
	one book requiring one shipment or 10 books and three posters requiring 
	three separate packages you pay $10.50 for shipping total. 
 
orders outside of the united states are not accepted. orders over $150.00 per shipped package are 
	automatically insured for their full value at no additional charge.  

nicolaus associates / who we are --- 
	i am a sole proprietor, retired military officer, disabled veteran, and a 
	veteran of the arab/persian gulf wars. i served on active duty in the united 
	states coast guard from 1978 through 2003 - 25+ years. from 1999 through 
	2001 i served 'in theater' as maritime liaison and maritime advisor to 
	commander, u.s. naval forces central command (comusnavcent) and the u.s. 
	navy's 5th fleet in the arabian/persian gulf.  i am an author, editor, and 
	publisher of military manuals and books that define small arms used by u.s. 
	military forces in the 20th century. 

 






click below to "view cart" or 
"check out"

 








     
back to top
     



send email to 

themerc@windstream.net with feedback, questions 
or comments. 
 


condition of sale and use of materials found, provided, and / or sold on this 
website: the information contained in the downloads, books, or 
blueprints found on this website are provided to the reader solely for his or 
her amusement, curiosity, and education.  nicolaus associates assumes no 
responsibility for the correctness and accuracy of this information.  any 
other use of this information may be subject to a variety of applicable laws and 
regulations and is the sole responsibility of those who choose to use it.  
these government books and drawings are "obsolete" - the u.s. government does 
not know whether they are accurate or not - the people who did know are long-ago 
dead from old age!  therefore, nicolaus associates does not know either!  
any attempt to use these books or drawings to build, modify, or use on any 
firearm would not be smart or very intelligent, could actually be dangerous, and 
may actually violate federal, state, or local law.  


last modified: 25 may 2019


