









virginia debolt: writing, teaching web design, teaching writing









virginia debolt

  homehtml bookswrite books
 

about virginia debolt
this website is intended to introduce to you the books i've written. i do other kinds of writing on a daily basis. for years i maintained a web design and technology blog called web teacher. i've retired that one, mostly. my latest project is a pop culture blog called old ain't dead.   i continue to create writing prompts for writing practice at my blog first 50 words.    
html books

i write  books about html, css, dreamweaver and other topics related to web design and front end development.
 read all about my web design books.
write! books

i wrote four books for teachers that help teach writing all across the curriculum using cooperative learning and multiple intelligences.
 find out more about the writing curriculum books.
articles from here and there 

at digital web magazine: web design 101: floats
at think vitamin: make your site mobile friendly
at wise women: the early bird catches the css: planning structural html
at wise women: ten minutes to wml
at time goes by: tgb elder geek, a twice-monthly series
at my online business journey: tips for disclosing affiliate links

presentations

ten checkpoints of a web standards based curriculum
new css features in dreamweaver cs3
achieve accessibility with dreamweaver
or
a modified reprint of the above article at wise-women.org
why do bloggers care about web standards?
twitter for writers
you and your stylesheet
standards and accessibility with dreamweaver
html5 and accessibility
accessibility (interlab 2013)

contact
you can contact me at virginia at vdebolt dot com.

the daily feed
follow me on twitter, where i'm vdebolt.    
you can use rss to subscribe to posts by me at

web teacher 
old ain't dead
first 50 words

you'll also find tech and how-to articles by me at time goes by elder geek.


dreamweaver e-books
find out about my how-to books for dreamweaver. or head straight to the newest one: how to create a responsive web site using dreamweaver cs 5.5.
first 50 words writing prompts
i have an e-book with almost 1000 writing prompts. 
short stories at the elder storytelling place

the gift
watermelon day
laughing in loving
the tomato patch smoocher

 


virginia debolt, also on the web as web teacher, old ain't dead and first 50 words. 
    © copyright virginia debolt.  




