


jrbooksonline.com - jr's rare books and commentary






in recognition of the centennial of the 
murder of mary phagan



see update on 
book availability below!





jr's
rare
  books
and
commentary


celebrating 24 years online!

commemorate the life of william luther pierce by viewing this video and 
others like it:
william l. pierce 
documentary
[ september 11, 1933 to july 23, 2002   r.i.p. ]


look for a 29-part serial, fame of a dead man's deeds (second 
revised edition, 2017, audiobook!)

the centennial of leo frank's lynching was 
august 17, 2015.
there should be a banner at the top of this page with a link to 
http://www.leofrank.org (some can't see 
it). go to that site, or visit the leo 
frank page here.

race is a biological reality.
racial equality is a social construct.
(it's also a legal fiction, nothing more.)
 
this year on april 20th 
is the 136th 
anniversary of the birth of ad.h. 

r.i.p. harold armstead covington
b. 14 sep 1953, burlington, nc — d. 
17 jul 2018, bremerton, wa
i had received permission from harold to post 
the white book to my site on 16 jun 2018. i was just about to do so when i 
heard the dreadful news.
the white book, 5th edition
weird aryan history by hac 
the works of harold a. 
covington by jr
harold covington's 
personal statement on the "holocaust" by jr
as my monument to harold, i offer the 
following, something that, despite the poor taste it may seem to show given the 
circumstances, i post nonetheless as it might have given him a chuckle in life:


source: philip h. smith, general history 
of duchess county, pawling, ny, 1877, p. 430.
 
*****************************
perhaps take the time to visit sacred truth ministries 
for various informative articles and many rare historical books—reprints and 
enhanced memorial editions:



—going ape over political, academic, journalistic, and 
ecumenical “monkeybusiness”: a swiss tale — my tribute and warning to and prayer 
for christendom (updated)  1 aug 2020


brainwashing... —it's what's for dinner... (connect the dots)... and you are on 
the menu next...!




illustrations of the demise of christ-end-dumb

 
new publications:

 

from jrbooksonline:


jrbooksonline books on "google books"
in the above link, several jrbooksonline books are shown in a 
listing. click on each one, and you can see 20% of the book so you can "try 
before you buy". for some, you have to go more than one page down. the old covers are shown.


all jrbo books are now available at the barnes review (tbr) bookstore.
the main link to the jrbo category is:


https://barnesreview.org/product-category/books/jr-books-online/




the latest offerings. see the tbr link 
	above for book descriptions.


    




    





tom quick: the man behind the legend
the tom quick anthology in two volumes.

   




jewish 
ritual murder: an anthology, vol. 2. includes works by arnold leese, 
william prynne, henri desportes, albert monniot, 
la civiltà cattolica, 
harold covington and a short selection from 
dostoyevsky.

table 
of contents for the above can be seen here!

 
jewish 
ritual murder: an anthology, vol. 1. includes works by julius 
streicher, cardinal lorenzo ganganelli, wm. thos. walsh, converted rabbi 
neophyte and i.i. lyutostansky. this volume has been prepared to supplement the 
english-language books on the issue in question. some of the works we have 
included herein are cited in the books below, but only in short passages. here, 
we have reproduced such works extensively, or in some cases in full text, to 
give a more comprehensive picture of the evidence for jewish ritual murders. 
table 
of contents for the above can be seen here!


jews must live 
& now and forever by samuel roth, both in one book.
this edition created by jr who originally made the files 
available on the web and from whom others copied to produce their "web 
harvested" versions.
description: 
roth page


the life and 
miracles of st. william of norwich. 
this book is the full manuscript of benedictine monk thomas of monmouth, who in 
a.d. 1173 chronicled the murder of 12-year-old william of norwich.


this year on march 22nd is the 881st 
anniversary of the murder of william of norwich. the chronicler thomas of 
monmouth accused the jews of doing this horrific crime, and ritually. it's the 
first such account in the historical record. decide for 
yourself whether they were guilty or not.
a view of the front cover, and more information, may be seen at 
this page.

jewish ritual
murder — a historical investigation  
by
hellmut schramm, ph.d., 
is now available 
as a printed book. extensive improvements have been made to the text and 
graphics over that available for free on this site. 
 description: 
 leese (ritual murder) page
a new edition of sir richard burton's 
the jew, the gypsy and el islam is now available. complete and 
unabridged relative to the published edition of 1898, it includes a short 
history of the original manuscript of the jew . go to this page:
description: 
the jew, the gypsy and el 
islam page
info on the english translation of

a memorandum on 
ritual murders by v.i. dal is found here:
 description: 
leese (ritual murder) page
info on the english 
translation of g.g. zamyslovsky's  
the murder of andrei yushchinsky is 
found here:
 description: 
leese (ritual murder) page
the link above has the table of contents, a sample chapter 
and info on the original 
russian book.
another selection available for purchase 
is described here:
the true history of the 
conquest of new spain by bernal diaz del castillo

go to c.w. porter's offerings


this rev. 25 oct 2024 

25 oct 2024:  added "harold covington's 
personal statement on the 'holocaust'" to near top of this page.
30 jul 2024:  added the ten commandments 
for the choice of a mate to the misc. category.
07 mar 2024:  added two more books 
available at tbr.
28 sep 2023:  added links to pdf files on
english translations of french books on the jews at the bottom 
of the jewish problem section.
01 sep 2023:  added link to the plot 
against the church to the jewish problem section.
30 apr 2023:  added links to weird 
aryan history and "the works of harold a. covington" to near top of this 
page.
14 apr 2023:  added link to c.w. porter's 
offerings (links to farther down on this page).
10 apr 2023:  added new offering, tom 
quick: the man behind the legend, a two-volume anthology set now available 
on the tbr site. 
21 feb 2023:  added "information on the 
norwich book" page. updated four covers (norwich, diaz, schramm & zamyslovsky) 
to exactly match those published by the barnes review (tbr).
15 jan 2023:  "associated sites" for loki 
hulgaard added to his category.


critical books.  buy 'em.  
read 'em: 


             








pdf books.  

many of the pdf files are clustered here at this link.  
others are sprinkled thru'out the site by topic -- see the categories below.  

 
 

record
of revisions
 



if anything 
			should disintegrate it will be those states which consist of all 
			kinds of races, like our plutocratic world democracies, the 
			so-called world empires, which are solely based on the oppression of 
			and suzerainty over other nations.



-- adolf hitler, speech at danzig, 9/19/39
 
but what care
you for brain or head,
ye stiff-necked herd, well paid and fed
and clothed by human ignorance?
-- r. f. burton, stone talk (rare); see burton page below
 

—  a white nationalist
literary resource —
[
jump to categories ]
first online 6 dec 2000


 

"do not separate text from
    historical background.  if you do, you will have perverted and
    subverted the constitution, which can only end in a distorted, bastardized
    form of illegitimate government."  -- james madison.
". . . and so the population was
gradually led into the demoralizing temptations of arcades, baths, and sumptuous
banquets.  the unsuspecting britons spoke of such novelties as
'civilization', when in fact they were only a feature of their
enslavement."  —tacitus, agricola, 21


 
big brother says:
    ===>   

deliberate falsification ("intellectual
dishonesty" is the kind phrase for it) is much more common than one might
think.  this site will show how little the commonly-held judaized
beliefs of today can stand up to any sort of real historical examination using
primary sources without distortion.
 

special feature:
germans:
abused minority!
an odd concept you may have never heard of.  but
it happened.
atrocity photos you'll never see on the 
history channel.  
the historical record, as
represented by the german government at the time, on bromberg
"bloody sunday" and related incidents -- 58,000 claimed dead or missing by feb
1940.  the german invasion was sep 1939, but it's important to understand
that many of the outrages had preceded the german invasion.  this
was proved by the amount of decomposition of the bodies.  thus, these
atrocities cannot be excused simply as reprisals for the german invasion (which
would be wrong anyway).  they
included 19 year-old girls with their faces smashed, amputations, disembowelments,
shot thru' the eye, death-trauma births, you name it.  poles had been merrily slaughtering
anything or anybody german since at least as early as april 1939, with smaller
incidents stretching back to the close of ww i  -- you haven't been told that by the
mass media, or the fact that these atrocities were one of the main causes for
the german invasion of poland, something that was meant by the germans to be a
local solution to a local problem.

a german priest gives his respects to the
innocent fallen of bromberg

 
notice:  no hardcopy books
are for sale here, except as announced above on this page and linked elsewhere 
on this site.  this site exists to support researchers, home schoolers
or anyone else
interested in their white past.  some of the titles featured
here are worth hundreds of dollars apiece, but you may download them for
free.  not a bad deal.
"wir, nicht ich,"
or,
"the common interest before self-interest."

tell her the truth about
    history, race and culture.






 
        "he who knows only his own generation
			[i.e., one without a knowledge of  
			history] remains
			forever a child."

                                                           --  marcus tullius cicero





  "in a world of
universal deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act."
                                 
                        --  george orwell (eric arthur blair)





 
        "what you don't know isn't the problem; it's what you do 'know' that just
isn't so."

                            
                                     
        --  finley peter dunne ("mr. dooley")





 
"i
        love the valiant; but it is not enough to wield a broadsword, one must
        know against whom."

                                                          
          -- 
          friedrich
        nietzsche

this is from 
thus spoke zarathustra, 
part 3, of old and new 
			law-tables, section 21. alternate tran. is: "i love the brave: but 
			it is not enough to be a swordsman, one must also know 
against whom 
			to be a swordsman!"
the same section also 
			has: "for, my brothers: the best shall rule, the best 
wants to 
			rule! and where it is taught differently, there -- the best is 
lacking."
hollingdale 
tran., penguin books, 1969.





 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
statement of purpose.
this site's purpose is to
bring to the fore many old works of literature you may not be aware of. 
certainly, if you grew up in the past 50 years, went through an
"establishment" education and did what you were told, chances are you
were never allowed to examine the works presented herein.
these books and essays all
deal in some way with white solidarity and white nationalism.  if mentioned
at all (e.g., in a classroom or rag-mag article), these books had short
passages quoted out of context to make the authors appear ridiculous, and then it
was "on to the next subject".  haven't you ever wondered why they never
showed you the whole thing, so that you could decide for yourself?
many deal with specially
coddled "minorities" or uniquely powerful "religious groups"
that have legions of brainwashed lackeys at-the-ready to protect them from all
criticism.
the establishment has taken
great pains to ensure that you never look at these books, articles and essays.  many old books
disappear off library shelves, conveniently "lost" or
"misplaced".  some are bought out for the sole purpose of
destruction.  many are now quite rare.  a few titles can be seen in
your local bookstore -- but  invariably the text
is altered in some way.  they are presented here as an
act of preservation, and in defiance of "political correctness".
so now, reaching down into
the memory hole . . .
 

 top page archive
note on file formats, saving
and fonts

 
categories:
 
world war ii and general 
time period:


 "which
way am i spinning?" -- debunking the nazi "backwards swastika"
myth -  we've all heard it: "hitler turned
the swastika backwards to make it a symbol of evil so he could perpetrate
world conquest".  i've done a little research, and found that there is
nothing to the claim -- in fact, the claim is diametrically opposed to the truth
as experts (real ones) understood it prior to ww ii.  the nazi swastika is
the sun-wise, lucky one!  another culture-curver
    bites the dust.


arnold
    s. leese, et al. -  
jewish
    ritual murder resources:  books by leese, zamyslovsky, dal, battersby, schramm, cecil 
	roth, pamphlets from joyce and leese, etc. + references + eisenmenger 
	extract.



samuel
    roth -  expurgated chapters
    from the important and revealing jews must live.  if you have
    only the 163 page version, you don't have the whole thing!  complete text and
    graphics.  also now and forever, where two zionist jews boast of 
	dispossessing 600,000 arabs of their land and state that people are more 
	easily replaced than wealth (i'm not kidding — read it).

dietrich
    eckart -  bolshevism
    from moses to lenin.  with an interesting connection to "asatru", 
	part of the post-modern, neo-pagan, back-to-our-roots religious movement.


von
    verschuer -  
racial
    biology of the jews.  for the research archive.  good
    ethnological information.  direct link
    to doc file.  (125k).  for another viewpoint (jew) see 
	the
    genetics of jewish populations. 
    he doubts koestler's khazar thesis, stating that "the consensus is that
    the ashkenazim are closely related to the sephardim and have their origins
    in the eastern mediterranean".  still more at the
	khazaria
    info center.



dr.
    erich schinnerer -  

german
    law and legislation.  the ns viewpoint.  
direct link
    to doc file.  
	(110k).


the
    godless -  what the nazis were
    fighting against.


germans:
    abused minority! -  an odd concept you may have never heard of.  but
it happened.  atrocity photos you'll never see on the history channel.  with some backup info on the start of ww ii and
    how some ethnic germans paid the ultimate sacrifice.  they also had
    been disarmed by gun control, by the way.  complete book from 1940.


j.
m. spaight -  bombing vindicated.  straight from the freemasonic,
judaized heart of the evil empire.



english perspectives - 
	
philip gibbs (1937) and
	
	viscount rothermere (1939) give their opinions on hitler and the 
	historical factors leading up to wwii--before it happened.  both 
	recognized the basic truth behind hitler's claims, but in the end "my 
	country, right or wrong" prevailed so that they would not appear treasonous 
	against britain.  right or 
	wrong, my country! shows the true nature of the british empire straight from the 
	pens of british writers.


hermann rauschning -  
the voice of destruction.  a 
	wonderful bit of lying anti-national socialist propaganda.  the allies 
	must have been proud to see that their "way" was "proved right" by employing such 
	methods.


heinz weichardt -  
	"under two flags", an important personal testimonial along the same lines as 
	benjamin h. freedman's "a jewish defector warns america".  [
	pdf version ]  


f.j.p. veale - 
	advance to barbarism, an 
	important book that shook up the "allied" establishment at the time 
	[ html 
	1.1mb ].  word doc version here:  [
	doc 
	1.1mb ].

viktor suvorov - 
	books from this author:


inside the soviet 
		army (1982)


inside 
		soviet military intelligence (1984)


spetsnaz (1987)



christopher thorpe -  


"the history of corneliu z. codreanu and the legionary 
	movement", 
"the legionary 
	doctrine", 




"the romanian legionary movement between truth and 
	deception"


and 

	ion mota and vasile marin: legionary martyrs 

which deal with the history and 
	teachings of corneliu zelea codreanu and the iron guard. 
re-posting featuring cleaned-up romanian typography:  
	 "the history of corneliu z. codreanu and the legionary 
	movement", 
	"the legionary 
	doctrine", 





"the romanian legionary movement between truth and 
	deception"


and 

ion mota and vasile marin: legionary martyrs



alfred rosenberg -  
"oswald 
	spengler", an essay originally published in the may 1925 issue of 
	der weltkampf. translation by hadding scott, 2011.


*    *    
*    *    *    *    
*    *    *    *

carlos w. porter's website is 
mirrored here.

carlos would like to call attention to his darkmoon file 
which is linked about a quarter of the way down on the startup page above.

latest ordering information (14 apr 2023) is on this page:
c.w. porter ordering information.

alexander 
mcclelland's website is mirrored here.
robert frenz's 
website f.a.e.m. is mirrored here.

blood 
passover website is mirrored here.
*    *    
*    *    *    *    
*    *    *    *
world war i and general 
time period:


the
belgian people's war -  poles and jews aren't the only world's
professional victims.  the belgians made a good stab at this theme during
ww i, and got the ball rolling on the "germans are evil and trying to take
over the world" canard.  take a look at the german perspective on
these far-reaching events.



the neutrality of belgium - 
	more woe from the world war 
	sweepstakes.  treats of germany and the question of the "sacredness" of 
	belgian neutrality—not so sacred after all, as the author proves.


louis
    k. birinyi -  why the
    treaty of trianon is void and
    the tragedy of hungary.  read and weep.  the ww i, treaty
    of versailles fiasco from a non-german perspective.  also, info on the
    berlin-baghdad railroad, now transfigured into the "oil pipelines"
    of today's "middle east", with many of the same players.

cécile
    tormay -  an outlaw's
    diary, selections of pics and text on the jewish communist takeover of 
	hungary.  forms a good
    supplement to birinyi.


william dudley pelley - 
	
	"dupes of judah - a challenge to 
	the american legion".  pelley's great missive, originally brought to 
	us by faem.com.  [ pdf 
	version, 170k ]


benjamin h. 
	freedman -  a 
	transcription of freedman's famous speech is archived here, taken from 
	jackie patru's site sweetliberty.org.  includes the strom intro and q&a 
	session.

 
*    *    
*    *    *    *    
*    *    *    *
the jewish problem:


 
the international jew -- the world's 
	foremost problem
    -  although relying a bit too much on the dubious 
	"protocols of the learned elders of zion", using it as a springboard for all 
	the major topics, these articles, originally published in ford's the 
	dearborn independent, are classic studies into this consummate problem.  
	this material was re-published by ford in book form in 4 volumes, 1920-22.  
	this is the full, unabridged 80-chapter version, about 1,023 pages in all.  
	[for reference: protocols archive as 
	one big file (430k).  also see 
	pp. 98-102 from marsden's book (images as pdf, 860k), showing how the 
	protocols arrived in russia, with historical facsimiles.  decide for 
	yourself].  swedish 
	translation of the protocols. 
this page also has a collection of 
	protocols-related articles.

benjamin
    disraeli -  those
    infamous quotes of his in coningsby and life of lord george
    bentinck.  just the basics for archive.


the bunche report -  
extract from "a summary of zionist terrorism in the near 
	east 1944-1948", a un report made for dr. ralph bunche, who replaced count folke bernadotte as un mediator for palestine when the latter was 
	assassinated by jewish terrorists 17 september 1948.  visit
	basilisk press for a link to 
	purchase the full version.


william
    t. walsh -  
isabella of spain (extracts
    re. jews).  repudiates lea and loeb.


the rev. i. b. pranaitis - 
	the talmud unmasked.  
	classic reference; restored col. sanctuary edition.  unbeknownst to the 
	general populous, "judaism" is home to some of the most bizarre customs and 
	beliefs of any religion in world history.


theodor
    herzl - 
    the jewish
    state  -  here is the often-quoted pamphlet from the
    "founder of zionism".  1943 edition with a foreword by chaim
    weizmann.  direct link
    to doc file.  (225k).

marcus eli ravage - 
    direct link
    to doc and pdf files; also html.  straight from the horse's mouth, folks.  read 'em. 
    these have been corrected to facsimiles (see pdfs) of the original articles in
	the
    century magazine.

                
  *  a
        real case against the jews           
  *  commissary
        to the gentiles                   
  [ html
  version ]                                   
  [ html version
  ]                   
  facsimiles of the above as pdf             
  facsimiles of the above as pdf
    
            
   improved 
version of a real case against the jews 
with a pic and short bio. be sure to look at p. 40 with numerous links to a vast 
archive of white nationalist and national socialist books! 


james
    k. hosmer - 
    jew-worshipping exercise from the 19th century.  a telling exposition.


slaves
    and masters -  jewish role in
    communism and agit-prop via negroes.  has selections from r. m.
    whitney's reds in america.
the jewish version of
"freedom of speech" -  adl letter, 1933, 95k
    jpg.  the adl was created in 1913 to defend the "name" of a jew accused 
	of child-assault and murder (although
	the individual's guilt is 
	contested),
    the same year as the income tax act and the federal reserve act, and the 
	establishment of the irs and the rockefeller foundation — all this
    at the threshold of ww i.


the eternal jew -  
a small, low-quality copy that's easy to 
	download. (16.5mb rm; requires realplayer; should right-click, save as... 
	etc.)


franciszek
    bujak -  the
    jewish question in poland (paris: imprimerie levé, 1919).  
	although the author appears to utterly deny anti-jewish feelings among poles 
	(which is clearly ridiculous), this text is otherwise an informative 
	overview of the subject.  english translation.  [
	doc version.  (128k) ]

werner sombart - 
	the jews and modern capitalism.  
	important work.  [
	html version 
	- 875kb ]   [
	doc version - 
	900kb ]

capt. a.h.m. ramsay - 
	
the nameless war.  [ 323k 
	pdf ]  an effective short work on "the plan for supranational world 
	power, the age-old messianic dream of international jewry".

ariel toaff - 
	
	blood passover (english 
	translation):  [
	1.4mb rtf 
	8-point times new roman with line stops; 146 pages ] or [
	2.0mb rtf 12-point ariel unicode ms without line stops; 506 pages; can 
	alter page count by making changes in word ].  or see 
pasque di sangue (original italian 
	version, 3.8mb pdf).  


leo frank trial of 1913 
	-  a summary page collecting various documents related to 
	this infamous case.


adl information archive page 
	-  deals with the history and conduct of 
	this ubiquitous jewish organization.


the 
	plot against the church by maurice 
	pinay, 1962. external link.

loki hulgaard -  three sample pdf files 
	from this canadian activist: 

who is the jew?: the jew 
	identifier document. 
jewish white genocide.
contra judaeus: 
	exposing jewish psychopolitics.

	his statement regarding his troubles is:

- persecuted by the jewish police state from birth as a targeted 
	individual 
	- prosecuted for (((hate speech))) for over 3 1/2 years 
	- gangstalked by the police state via 'community policing' and mossad/cops/military, 
	et al. 
	- slandered as: a terrorist; mentally ill; a pedophile, etc., etc. 
	- seeking assistance as shut out of employment and housing by the jewish 
	police state and their unofficial agents 

	according to this fellow, he is in great financial straights and needs help 
	right away.
*** donations can be made to: 
	
	https://gogetfunding.com/political-prisoner-thought-criminal/ 

	associated sites: 
	
	https://aryanpracticalidealism.substack.com/
                              
	http://www.aryanlibrary.com/  

english translations of french books 
	on the jews -  


	jean and jerôme tharaud - next year in 
	jerusalem (1925)

	jean and jerôme tharaud - the shadow of the 
	cross (1924)

	léon de poncins - judaism and the vatican (1967)

	léon de poncins - the occult war (1943)

	léon de poncins - the problem with the jews at the council (2008)

	léon de poncins - the secret powers behind revolution (1929)

 
*    *    
*    *    *    *    
*    *    *    *
[miscellaneous categories 
follow]
 

l.
    a. waddell -  selections from the
phoenician origin of britons, scots & anglo-saxons.  pan-aryan
    info, even if waddell himself didn't think so.  also links to a full 
	version.
thomas
    jefferson -  that note on
    "...that these people are to be free."  what did jefferson really
    say?
norma
    cox, et al. -  conspiracy
    research and information on christianity, islam,
mormonism and freemasonry.  thought-provoking.
pics
    from häxan (a lesson in the effects of graphic media)
    -  illustrations of occultist
    practices from a leftist filmmaker (christensen, 1922).  lesson in
    captions-make-the-pic.
the
    heavier-than-air flying machine - 
    how we were in 1907.  whole spec fits on a page.
eric thomson -  just 3 favorites:  "the
    awakening" (of the wodanist sort), "the
    hitler we loved and why" (text only) and "rudolf
    vrba": the holohoax in person.  large archive at 
	eric thomson
    (now links to my own archive of faem. the old link to faem.com/eric no 
	longer works).
carleton
    putnam -  race and 
	reason and its sequel, race and
    reality, the latter being an important book that exposes the lying, deceit and chicanery
    that went behind all those supreme court decisions on race.

jean raspail - 
	the great work
	
the camp of the saints on pdf.  
	two-column version here: 
	
the camp of the saints       


	audio of
	
	the camp of the saints    



sen. joseph mccarthy 
	-  several pages of photos of sen. joseph 
	mccarthy's trip to fort monmouth, nj to investigate communist subversion.  
	the third page has photos featuring francis joseph cardinal spellman.

else loeser - 
	two booklets about the historical 
	friction between germany/prussia and poland.


the image of 
		the germans in polish literature.  in english only.


polen und die 
		fälschungen seiner geschichte.  (english translation:
		poland and falsifications 
		of polish history).



w.h. fasken 
	-  
cimmerians and scythians, 
	a monograph.

dr. william l. pierce - 
	
	cosmotheism audio files as a sample of his 
	social, political and religious philosophy.


information on the
	family tree of adolf hitler. here we list the
	discrepancies 
	between the former tree and the kubizek book. the trees (landscape 
	and portrait pdf files) now link from this new page. 
bavarian service record of 
	adolf hitler -  yes, he really did earn those 
	medals at the time.



pdf books -  
page with links to a large number of 
	archival pdfs.



richard f. burton pdfs -  
archive; mostly in facsimile.



david lane pdfs -  
archive.  the very important white nationalist gives his 
	views.



ben klassen pdfs -  
archive of the racialist/white nationalist.


instauration archive.


aryan 
	protocols.  for whatever value they may have. 
	you decide.



a warning for america — from 
	south africa.  by "gemma meyer". take heed.



liberty bell archive. 
	years 1979 (1980 missing) to 1998 in pdf form. not all 
	years complete. what's here is quite valuable.



the ten 
	commandments for the choice of a mate.  taken 
	from lothrop stoddard's into the darkness, this is food for 
	thought and gives the national socialist view.


 
*    *    
*    *    *    *    
*    *    *    *



sir
    richard f. burton -  
many
    suppressed and hidden works of the great explorer, linguist and
    ethnographer.  a great storehouse of ethnic knowledge now being
    forgotten in the rush toward "universal human equality", a
    condition that does not and never did exist.  lots of ethno-info on
    blacks, jews, indians and gypsies.  the ultra-rare stone talk 
	and bayonet exercise are also here.




american
    indian
    studies -  
but not the kind you learned about in school! 
    philip
    h. smith, james quinlan et al. give early american history from our point of view. 
    also, info on the forgotten dutch settlers of america and the green mountain
    boys (early american freedom fighters).  includes a study aid in u.s. 
	history (history outline) from 1910, and important works by hans staden and 
	bernal diaz.

 
*    *    
*    *    *    *    
*    *    *    *


a little humor
    -  "mr. wonderful"  
    [ html version ], that
chubby-legged government guy waddling to work (so he shouldn't be late!) that we
all know and love [this screed dates to around 1968]; "map"
of canada and the us in 2092.  it's probably nowhere near radical
enough for what's really coming; bogus  "r. reagan writes to j.
    hinckley"; these  hardware standards will come in handy as we move to an
    ever more "diverse" workforce.

 






just
          a few interesting links.





 

constructive e-mail may be
sent to the address below. 




 
no one is more hopelessly enslaved than
the person who falsely believes he is free.  — goethe (compare with
no slavery is more disgusting than that which is 
voluntary.  — lucius annaeus seneca) 
men who believe absurdities will
    commit atrocities.  — voltaire
the more i study religions the more i
am convinced that man never worshipped anything but himself.  — sir
r. f. burton, arabian nights, vol. 10, p. 184, f/n 2
... i know not whether more is to be 
dreaded from streets filled with soldiers accustomed to plunder, or from garrets filled 
with scribblers accustomed to lie.  — samuel johnson


 

hail woden donar und froh

entire site and all original scans are
© 2000 - 2025 webmaster of  jrbooksonline.com. 
all rights reserved.

 fair 
use notice: 
 this 
site contains copyrighted material, the use of which has not always been 
specifically authorized by the copyright owner. we are making such material 
available in our efforts to advance understanding of environmental, political, 
human rights, economic, democracy, scientific, and social justice issues, etc. 
we believe this constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as 
provided for in section 107 of the us copyright law. in accordance with title 17 
u.s.c. section 107, the material on this site is distributed without profit to 
those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information 
for research and educational purposes. for more information go to:

http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml. if you wish to use 
copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond 
'fair use', you must obtain permission from the copyright owner.
this site 
does not condone or encourage illegal activity of any kind. 
nothing on this site constitutes legal, medical or financial advice.
the materials are presented here so that people may freely investigate social, 
moral and political issues.

it is my desire that any and all of the
files on this site receive the widest dissemination possible on a non-commercial,
non-profit basis, subject to the fair use notice above.  linking and copying via the web is allowed and
encouraged, as long as no changes are made.  it would be appreciated if jrbooksonline.com
were cited as the source for material originating at this site.  this is 
not for ego-gratification; it's so people can find more items related to 
whatever is posted.


hits since 31 dec 2000


"all your base are belong to us." — from an old japanese 
sci-fi film


