




        relax and swim | come on in, the water is fine    






















































home 



 


secrets of air & water 







the wet test 



 


phobia help: what's a phobia? 







phobia help: eft 



 


phobia help with eft: tam's story 



 


phobia help with eft: avi's story 



 


phobia help with eft: rebecca's story 



 


phobia help: flower essences 



 


safety: drowning statistics 







safety: drowning prevention 



 


safety: drowning rescue 



 


swim physics 



 


schools & lessons: lessons 







schools & lessons: swim schools 



 


schools & lessons: meet a teacher 



 


schools & lessons: deep end practice 



 


swim gear 



 


questions & answers 



 


about me 



 





relax and swim
why are you here?
your story is unique, but your reason for coming here is the same as so many others.
you are afraid of the water, and afraid of swimming. the thought of climbing down a pool ladder for a lesson puts you into a sweat. how many tries did it take for you to even get to the pool ladder?
this has been your fear for years. you might trace its roots back to a certain moment, of a warning of certain drowning if you fell in the water or of a teacher or family member trying to teach you. he or she probably meant well, with their traditional version of, “ok, swim!” and surprise, you couldn’t. well, maybe if you were a baby seal you could have.
what didn’t work for you 
swim instruction differs around the world, it is often believed that swimming is so natural, especially for young children, that not much instruction is needed. some youngsters might luckily manage to “swim” a bit if tossed into a pool, but this is not the way to learn to swim. it didn’t work for previous generations, either.
being tossed into a pool is not the way to learn.
you’ve seen them come and go: vacations at the beach, pool parties and boating trips. forced to watch the other adults and kids, you wished you could join in. worse, you were at risk of real danger should you accidentally fall into the water. you may have had lessons before, usually in a group, sometimes privately. and here you are, still afraid and uncomfortable.
welcome 
here you will learn to breathe while in water.
how you breathe is related to every move you make in the water.
i promise you won’t need to go to a pool right now, either. you will, however, be ready for pool lessons and a teacher when you’ve learned what i’ll teach you on this website. there are no tricks, and i have nothing to sell.
each fearful student of mine has gently and safely learned to relax and swim, always for the same reasons:
1.  first, you understand how breathing in water works, and how your breathing is connected to every move you make. how could you think of anything else, if  you are not confident you can take a breath while you swim?
2.  next, now you can relax a little, because you know how you are going to breathe during swimming.
learn to breathe in water at home, in your fuzzy slippers.
relaxed, are you? good. you can learn some basic swim skills now. your mind can follow a lesson, and your body can follow your mind.
to repeat – understand about breathing first thing you do, and then you can pay attention to moving in the water.
sound like a plan? here we go.
 

 
a personal-sized pool…
want your own lap pool, small enough to fit into an extra room, mighty enough for first-class workouts?
swim against a counter-current whenever you like, in an endless pool.
 









privacy policy
contact me


the contents of this website are offered as general information for the beginning swimmer. relaxnswim.com safely and effectively prepares a new student for supervised in-person swim lessons by a certified instructor. however, relaxnswim.com assumes no liability for any advice given, in particular regarding pool exercises. your safety as a swim student is paramount. whenever pool exercises are discussed, site visitors are reminded that a certified swim instructor must be present at all times.

© 1999-2014 relax and swim. all rights reserved.this website provided as a free public service to the swimming community.









