








carmel hotel | cypress inn - carmel by the sea | lodging in carmel california















































skip to content








831-624-3871 (24/7)  

reservationsretreatscontact 














 rooms room selectionroom locatorpoliciesbreakfastterry’s loungepet-friendlydoris daymeetingsmedialocationrooms room selectionroom locatorpoliciesbreakfastterry’s loungepet-friendlydoris daymeetingsmedialocation 













 





welcome to carmel's legendary cypress inn ... 







a blend of mediterranean grace and warm hospitality ... 







"probably the most famous dog-friendly hotel in the country ..." -sunset magazine 







walk to carmel beach ... 







relax in the privacy of your guest room ... 







enjoy a meal in our courtyard ... 







or stop by terry's lounge for a drink, dinner or lunch ... 







your room is ready! 



 




 




welcomechristine gustafson2023-09-06t03:56:14-07:00





cypress inn … carmel-by-the-sea
the beguiling seaside city of carmel-by-the-sea, california, is world-renowned for its small-village ambiance, its great shopping, world-class restaurants, and gorgeous white-sand beach and for being one of the most pet-friendly cities in the country.
nestled in the heart of carmel is the elegant cypress inn, which cnn travel called a “legendary overnight oasis” and sunset magazine termed “probably the most famous dog-friendly hotel in the country.”
cypress inn masterfully blends old world hospitality and service with modern comforts and amenities. the glamourous hollywood-vibe of the hotel derives from the one time co-ownership of  legendary singer, actress and animal activist doris day along with current owner and carmel icon, dennis levett.
cypress inn has been carmel’s most beloved boutique hotels since it opened in 1929. by combining mediterranean grace and charm with warm hospitality and exemplary service, cypress inn has drawn everyone from kings, queens and hollywood royalty to the everyday traveler, and especially all those who like to travel with their pets.
cypress inn has been a pioneer in pet-friendly accommodations, firmly believing that pets of all shapes, sizes and breeds are an integral part of the family and welcome to join their humans during their stay at the hotel.
select a room & book your staythe cypress inn enjoys a rich history. in 1906, sidney j. yard, an artist known for painting watercolors in the english manner, built carmel’s first art gallery on the site. the space was later used by another famous artist miss mary deneale morgan.
in 1929 dr. rudolf kocher, working with one of carmel’s premier contractors hugh comstock, constructed the present building. known originally as the hotel la ribera, it was hailed in the local press when it opened as “one of the show places of the monterey peninsula.”
in the 1960’s, earl e. mcinnis and his son, frank, took over management of the hotel and newly renamed it “cypress west”. it was restored and upgraded to its original splendor, enticing many of its nostalgic guests to return to their favorite hotel. 
in the mid-80’s, local business man dennis levett assumed ownership along with beloved actress doris day and the cypress inn as it is today was born.
(dennis levett & doris day pictured here.)
leaving behind a legacy of animal welfare, ms. day insisted that dogs are as welcome as their humans. this compassion for four-legged companions has continued well after the passing of doris day.
cypress inn became carmel’s original pet-friendly boutique hotel and has garnered national attention as a wonderful gathering place for locals and guests’ alike to meet and mingle alongside their furry friends.




 
 





contact cypress inn
lincoln & 7th street
carmel, ca 93921
call us
 (800) 443-7443 toll free
 (831) 624-3871 local
 (831) 624-8216 fax 
email
reservations@cypress-inn.com
postal mail
 p.o. box y
 carmel, ca 93921 









 

cypress inn & terry’s lounge gift cards to order call 1-831-624-3871


 

visit other carmel boutique inns 
 ada / accessibility
legal
 privacy policy 
 disclaimer 
tos
please note that former co-owner doris day, who is mentioned in cypress inn media quotes, passed away on may 13, 2019. 

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2025  |  elegant website design: innlight marketing | dedicated wordpress hosting: acies communications 



 
 
 
 



toggle sliding bar area





explore carmel and beyond! monterey county offers iconic california experiences by highlighting everything that’s best about the golden state. there are few places on earth as incredibly dynamic and picturesque, with its rugged coastline, beautiful beaches, inland vineyards, world class golf courses and quaint seaside villages. there are dozens of memorable activities, both indoor and out, which cater to every taste and age. it was difficult narrowing our favorites to only ten, but here are the absolutely “don’t miss” vacation experiences for a trip to carmel-by-the-sea.
monterey bay aquarium & cannery row
one of the world’s best aquariums is a “don’t miss” for the whole family! 
hike pt. lobos state reserve
“the greatest meeting of land and water in the world”, famed landscape artist francis mccoma’s bold but justified claim for the area. 
wine walk carmel by-the-sea
leave the car in park and enjoy a superior wine-tasting experience on this self-paced, self-guided stroll to tasting rooms.
explore the rugged central coastline with a drive to big sur
walk on the purple sand at pfeiffer st. beach, featuring an 80-foot waterfall that drops from granite cliffs into the ocean from the overlook trail.
shop ‘til you drop!
explore the chic boutiques, antiques and galleries in the european-style seaside village of carmel by-the-sea. 
let the day go to the dogs!
an afternoon run on carmel’s beautiful “leash-free” beach is sure to build up a thirst, to be quenched at “yappy hour” where you’ll mingle with locals and visitors alike at cypress inn’s pet-friendly “terry’s lounge”, co-owned by legendary screen star doris day. mutt-tini, anyone?

 






 
 
page load link

 













we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok

 


go to top






