



palm tree types and palm tree pictures from sun palm trees



























 

palm tree are beautiful and few other symbols conjure up such magic as the instantly
                    recognizable outline of a palm. palms and tropical plant enthusiasts, plant hobbyists, nurseries,
                    wholesalers and retailers are all encouraged to visit this site. palm tree types are broken down
                    into 3 sections; detailed information on select species, pictures in a separate photo gallery for
                    each palm species, and a palm resource section which covers palm tree care along with general
                    cultural information. teach your kids at home with nga  homeschool programs
























â 

â 

â 















palm tree types and pictures home




about palm trees
information on palm history,
                                      anatomy and cultivation.
â 




buy palms online
save time and money buying palms online from real palm trees'
                                    nursery. palms are grown organically and regularly manicured. experience
                                    "real" quality at discount prices!




palm tree types of the cold hardy variety
here you will find palms with
                                      majestic beauty which can withstand colder winter climates in a northern
                                      environment. these palm types are well suited for parts of america.
â 



  next day flowers uk
get flowers delivered to you in 24 hours.




palm tree pictures
13 photo galleries of cold hardy
                                      palms which are the most majestic of all palms




â 
palm trees care and
                                      resources
â 
the palm tree care and resources
                                      section helps you choose the right types of palms for your environment and
                                      hardiness zones. this section also contains information and ideas for
                                      protecting the palm tree in the cold winter months.
â 




â 
contact
â 








archived palm tree information



















â 
 windmill palm treelarge - $
                                        619.95retail price:
                                      743.94you save: $123.99
â 




â 
canary island date palm treemedium - $
                                        399.95retail price:
                                      479.94you save: $79.99
â 




â 
sago palm tree small - $
                                        64.95retail price:
                                      77.94you save: $12.99
â 




â 
california fan palmlarge - $
                                        699.95retail price:
                                      839.94you save: $139.99
â 




â 
mexican fan palm large - $
                                        309.95retail price:
                                      371.94you save: $61.99
â 














palm trees




palms are common in florida, california, arizona, texas
                                    and many other states. the different localities use palms and tropical plants to
                                    make beautiful custom landscapes. palm enthusiasts in locations further north can
                                    still enjoy the tropical beauty of landscape palms with winter cold hardy palm
                                    trees. the care and winter protection you provide for your palms play a major role
                                    in how far north certain palm species will survive.â 
for information on palms growing further north, the  cold hardy palm tree section
                                    will provide useful information on palms that can tolerate below freezing winter
                                    cold and if you take appropriate winter precautions palms can grow as far north as
                                    michigan. palm enthusiasts keep pushing the envelope growing palms in colder
                                    climates. the  palm tree pictures section shows excellent
                                    images of cold hardy palm species. online immigration
                                      specialist certificate
 buy small palm trees  buy medium palm trees  buy large palm trees 



in the  palm tree types /
                                      species comparison, you can find information on a specific palm species
                                    expected height at maturity, hardiness zone common for the palm, growth rate, soil
                                    and light requirements, leaf style - those that have palmate or fan-shaped leaves;
                                    and those that have pinnate, or feather-shaped leaves -, and physical
                                    characteristics.
palms can be temperamental and education is critical so
                                    there is a large section on  palm tree care advice with a strong emphasis
                                    about the species but the majority of the site is aimed at cold hardy palm trees and
                                    the information and pictures are easily digestible.
sun palm trees' web site is meant to assist palm
                                    tree enthusiasts throughout the united states including florida, north texas
                                    (dallas), houston, california, arizona, louisiana, mississippi, alabama, georgia and
                                    states much further north where cold hardy palm trees can be grown with the proper
                                    planting and care especially through the cold winter months.
palm tree installation begins with the choosing of the
                                    palms that would work best for your landscape and your budget. there are thousands
                                    of different kinds of palms from large to small, but the most popular ones are the
                                    ones we focus on. if interested to cook some amazing pizzas with palm tree oil you
                                    should think about buying an oven for home pizza
â 
 palm tree types - cold hardy
the following palm tree are majestic looking and handle
                                    the cold better than other palm species. you can click on the name to go directly to
                                    its information page. the cold hardy palm trees
                                      for colder climates provides advice on how to care for your palm in marginal
                                    growing environments and identifies palms considered to be cold hardy. the following
                                    palm are described in detail:





 california fan
                                                palm (washingtonia filifera)

 true date palm
(phoenix dactylifera) â 


 canary
                                                  island date palm (phoenix
                                                  canariensis)


 texas sabal
                                                  palm (sabal texana, mexicana) â 



                                                  mediterranean (european) fan palm (chamaerops humilis)





 windmill
                                                palm (trachycarpus fortunei)â 
 pindo palm  (butia capitata)â â 
 sago palms  (cycas revoluta)â 
 mexican fan
                                                palm (washingtonia robusta)
 queen palm (syagrus romanzoffiana)









palm tree care
in the palm care and
                                      advice section we address palm trees frequently asked
                                      questions and you can read information about selecting a palm tree, the cold
                                    hardy zone system, growing cold hardy palms in marginal climate zones and planting
                                    palms. we also have extensive coverage on the usda plant hardiness zones. we
                                    identify what the cold hardiness zone maps are, palm trees cold hardy
                                      zones maps descriptions, and the different zones across north america, cold hardy zones maps. palm trees
                                    successful growth in colder winter areas depend on the cold hardiness of the
                                    particular types of palms, the growing micro-environment and of course your care.
                                  
 palm tree pictures

palm photos are located throughout the site. the palm
                                    photo galleries can be viewed at the 
cold hardy palm trees pictures
                                    section. below are links to palm tree image galleries.

 true date palm
                                      (phoenix dactylifera)â  9 pictures

                                        canary island date palms (phoenix canariensis)â 
                                      9 pictures
 texas
                                        sabal palms  (sabal texana, mexicana)â  16
                                      pictures

                                        mediterranean (european) fan palm  (chamaerops
                                        humilis) 16

                                        california fan palms (washingtonia filifera)â 
                                      21 pictures
 windmill palm
                                      (trachycarpus fortunei)â  6 pictures
 pindo palm
                                      (butia capitata)â â  8 pictures
 sago palms
(cycas revoluta)â  7 pictures
 mexican
                                        fan palm trees  (washingtonia robusta) â 12
                                      pictures
queen palm
                                        trees (syagrus romanzoffiana) 16 pictures
need assistance with your research? delegate your complex
                                      assignment to academic experts at advancedwriters.com you can hire to
                                      get high-quality writing assistance.

â 

                                      palm trees in marginal colder environments
below are 12 common types of palms that grow in north
                                    america. there are many factors that determine the successful planting and
                                    maintaining of a species. microclimates and and other environmental factors
                                    determine if a garden or landscape hardy palm will survive in hardiness zones lower
                                    than the usda recommends. palm tree protected by other trees and shrubs will
                                    tolerate the cold winter environment easier than if exposed to the full force of the
                                    winter cold. how it handles the winter is partially predetermined by the palm
                                    itself: its age, its height, its slight hereditary differences selected out over
                                    time by the conditions of its environment, and the health at the time of a winter
                                    cold snap.
sun palm trees suggests to always
                                    verify a particular palm species can be successfully grown in your region and
                                    particular micro-climate prior to purchase. ensure you have the proper winter
                                    protection for the cold winter months and talk to your palm grower or specialist.
                                    doing a google search for individuals successfully growing palms in your area may
                                    give you some good pointers.


















 true date palms
(phoenix dactylifera)â â 
â 
the
                                            "edible" or date palm tree makes for spectacular landscaping large
                                            areas. the true date reaches heights of 100'. buying information


canary island
                                              date palms
(phoenix canariensis)
â 
canary island
                                            dates are massive, tough and durable. it has a leaf scar pattern on the
                                            trunk which adds to the impressive look. buying information


texas sabal palms

(sabal texana, mexicana) 
â 
use the texas sabal in formal groupings, as a
                                              lawn tree, in large-scale plantings and as that special accent
                                              tree. buyingâ informationâ for sabals


mediterranean fan
                                              palms
(chamaerops humilis)
â 
also called the european fan palm this
                                              versatile, cold hardy and beautiful. with the fan leaves trimmed up to
                                              clear the trunk it makes a beautiful specimen palm - a delightful natural
                                              sculpture to grace your patio or entryway. buying information






















california fan
                                              palms
(washingtonia filifera)
â 
the largest
                                              native palm of the continental united states as well as the only western
                                              species, it is also known as "desert-palm"buying information


windmill palm tree

(trachycarpus fortunei)
â 
windmill fan
                                              palms are one of the hardiest in cultivation. they have a distinct look
                                              with the trunk covered by dark brown fibers. buying information


pindo palm tree
(butia capitata)
â 
the pindo is
                                              the hardiest feather leaf palm in wide cultivation. the species are
                                              extremely variable in nature with differences in height, leaf colors and
                                              trunk thickness. buying information


sago palms
(cycas revoluta)
â 
sago palm are
                                            actually cycads or plants. it is not a true palm but commonly associated as
                                            one. buying information





















mexican fan
                                              palm(washingtonia robusta)

mexican fan palm is
                                              very drought and salt tolerant once established. adapted to a wide range
                                              of soil types, and climates. buying information


queen palm
                                              tree(syagrus romanzoffiana)

tall and graceful with
                                              leafy fronds, this palm gives landscapes a tropical look. very showy,
                                              especially when clumped. buying information


needle palm(rhapidophyllum
                                              hystrix)
beautiful compact, very
                                              hardy, and can be grown as far north as usda zone 6. probably the hardiest
                                              palm species in the world buying information


saw palmetto palm(serenoa repens)

very old saw palmetto can grow trunks above the ground
                                            several feet tall capped by a rosette of exotic fans of palm leaves. buying information




palm tree information
we hope you find the information and pictures of the palm species useful. tropical
                                    plant and palm hobbyists are growing palms in marginal climates now. you can just
                                    look at all the palm tree
                                      discussion boards across the country and many focus on the northern us.
please contact
                                        usâ  rodclarkson.com regarding any
                                    recommendations/suggestions about the site.









 
â 










â 














palm tree home | palm tree - types (cold hardy) | palm tree pictures | palm
                      tree care






â 









