






fuel tv







































sign in


try fuel tv+





shows

view all shows

occ-cast
firsthand



series


movies


lives


schedule


plus


find us


partners


20 years


sign in













live now









on now - 03:00 am
skate arabia
movies - sn , ep 

 watch live
 watch from start
** requires fuel tv+ membership **


up next  









how to watch fuel tv
in your area fuel tv is available on the following platforms.



fuel tv+
watch free for 30 days



plex




distro tv




screenhits tv





see all the viewing options in your area.







20 years of action sports tv
for 20 years risk was our only ruleto 20 more years risking it all






today on fuel tv






todd potter
sn 3, ep 5 m80









jeremy lusk
sn 3, ep 6 m80









backstage pass: all access
sn 4, ep 11 built to shred









heavy equipment
sn 4, ep 12 built to shred









dirty jersey
sn 2, ep 6 danny and the dingo









fed up with goon
sn 2, ep 7 danny and the dingo









skate arabia










the big trip
sn 6, ep 1 camp woodward









camp kick-off
sn 6, ep 2 camp woodward









caribbean
sn 1, ep 5 on surfari









close outs and donuts
sn 1, ep 4 shorebreak: the series









wet and wild
sn 1, ep 1 thrillbillies









turn down the suck
sn 1, ep 8 thrillbillies









rio, brazil
sn 1, ep 5 drive thru









arrival in chile
sn 1, ep 6 drive thru









the injury
sn 2, ep 1 bubba's world









champions are built
sn 2, ep 1 the moto: inside the outdoors









noah albaladejo
sn 1, ep 3 locals









thunderstruck 15










episode 3
sn 1, ep 3 surfing life travel









homegrown - alaskan ski area










rollercoaster
sn 1, ep 8 behind the gate









bull's eye
sn 1, ep 9 behind the gate









chile point break
sn 1, ep 7 drive thru









chasing dora










agony and ecstasy
sn 1, ep 10 behind the gate









sweet sixteen
sn 1, ep 11 behind the gate









return of the ninja
sn 4, ep 7 the captain and casey show









yoga
sn 4, ep 8 the captain and casey show








new this month






episode 3
sn 1, ep 3 surfing life travel









thunderstruck 15










noah albaladejo
sn 1, ep 3 locals









episode 2
sn 1, ep 2 surfing life travel









thundercloud










episode 1
sn 1, ep 1 surfing life travel









never ending - a story of endurance










thunderstruck 10











popular shows






camp woodward
camp woodward isn't your typical summer camp. silly songs and camp fires are replaced with a chance to ride side by side with the biggest names in skateboarding and bmx at the largest training facilities in the world.
explore the show



explore the show





drive thru usa
drive thru usa takes you back on the road with 6 of the world's best surfers as they travel through california, florida and texas. original cast members benji weatherly and donavon frankenreiter pass on the their travel secrets to the next generation of up and coming surfers.  from oceans to wave pools and even a guest appearance on stage  with pennywise, season 10 of the drive thru keeps the rv rolling.
explore the show



explore the show





freeride world tour
freeride world tour is a five-stop international competition against the best freeriders in the world. it's an adrenaline-pumping competition that is held in the most challenging alpine faces where the rules are simple: best run-down wins. 
explore the show



explore the show





occ-cast 
surfing legend and former world champion mark occhilupo sits down with some of the most prolific surfers in the world to discuss all things surf, music, art and life.
explore the show



explore the show





true conversation
true conversation is a podcast hosted by american rapper fat tony who will be joined by several guests to discuss the experiences of black americans in surfing, skateboarding, snow and adjacent subcultures. the goal of each episode is to share perspectives that are generally avoided in the mainstream culture.

this is part of a bigger effort to get rid of bigotry and create a more inclusive environment around the things we love.
explore the show



explore the show





firsthand
fuel tv's original series firsthand brings you up close and personal with the daily lives of today's top action sports athletes. follow along as they span the globe in search of untracked powder. from the biggest competitions to laid-back free sessions, firsthand offers exclusive footage of world class pros pushing the limits of their riding.
explore the show



explore the show







previous



next




stream the very best of action sports ad free.try fuel tv+ today with a free thirty day trial.

sign up now










 back to top



















contacts
manage cookie settings
© 2025 fuel tv, s.a. all rights reserved.
powered by vaporvue
12-api | pk







we use cookies to maintain essential website functionality and personalize content displayed. our cookie statement provides more information and explains how to update your cookie settings. view our cookie statement.


cookie settings
accept all cookies

















cookie settings
×


fuel tv may request cookies to be set on your device. we use cookies to let us know when you visit our website, to understand how you interact with us, to enrich and personalize your user experience, and to customize your relationship with fuel tv. click on the different category headings to find out more. you can also change your cookie preferences at any time. note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our website and the services we are able to offer.
allow all
manage cookie preferences





essential website






these cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services and features available through our website. because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the site, you cannot refuse them without impacting how the site functions.







performance and functionality






these cookies are used to enhance the functionality of the site. they help us to customize the site and application (where applicable) for you in order to enhance your experience. although important to us, these cookies are non-essential to the use of the site. however, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.







advertising (targeting)






these cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. they also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.







analytics and customization






these cookies collect information to help us understand how the site is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are. they help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to see how visitors move around the site. these cookies may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages.




confirm my choices





























