








la bonne (soupe)




















































 



			︎
	











le menu
wine list
rsvp
find us









 




le menu

wine list
rsvp
order online








 










hours of operation︎︎︎7 days / 11am - 10pm

walk-ins are always welcome on a first come, first-served basis. your party must be present in order to be added to the waitlist. some tables are available for reservations on resy. we do not accept reservations over the phone. reservationsfine print / there is a $20 per person cancellation fee for no shows and cancellations 24 hours prior to the reservation time.for parties of 10 or more, please send a message to events [at] labonnenyc.com
we host private events


la bonne soupe opened our doors in 1973. we are a casual café with a wide selection of french classics alongside seasonal dishes that borrow from the rich culinary traditions of francophone cultures. our guiding principle is “ici pas de chi chi” or here, there is no fuss!
press

new york times / the cozy restaurants readers love
resy / la bonne soupe laddles on
new york times / the secret to eating in midtown 
resy / december hit list

bloomberg / the world’s best fondue
grub street/ the absolute best fondue in ny
 





la bonne soupe is committed to facilitating the accessibility and usability of its website, labonnenyc.com, for all people with disabilities. working with a retained consultant, we will be implementing over time the relevant portions of the world wide webconsortium's web content accessibility guidelines 2.0 level aa (wcag 2.0 aa) as its web accessibility standard or other standards to the extent required by the americans with disabilities act. our website will be tested on a periodic basis with assistive technology such as screen readers and screen magnifiers.


please be aware that our efforts are ongoing. if, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular web page or any other accessibility concerns, please contact us at hello@labonnenyc.com if you do encounter an accessibility issue we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page accessible for you.































 









 




© hadidi 2024
employee portal
︎






 





