





guggisberg swiss inn – amish country ohio hotel, winery and stables






































 skip to primary navigation skip to main contentguggisberg swiss innamish country ohio hotel, winery and stablesabout
the inn

about the inn
information
rooms
activities
events
weddings
location & directions
photo gallery


winery

our wines


riding stables

horseback riding information
photo gallery
area attractions


contact
check availability
show searchsearch this website hide search



where you feel at home and horses roam.






book a room today!
make unforgettable memories in the heart of amish country.


check availability





peaceful lodging in amish country, ohio



our story


relax during your next vacation at our peaceful, rural lodging facility in millersburg, ohio. we offer seasonal, guided trail rides, and our own estate wine. discover country lodging in the rolling hills of ohio’s amish country. we are the perfect location for retreats, getaways, weddings, reunions, and other events.
contact us today and treat yourself to a stay at our lodging facility.
holmes county chamber of commerce | amish country lodging council | ohio hotel and lodging association | america hotel lodging association | ohiowines.org
located close to guggisberg cheese – home of the original baby swisscertificate of excellence 2013 to 2022 from trip adviser™ | listed in the who’s who as honored professionals








horseback riding & wine tasting
at our inn, we are away from the hustle and bustle of everyday life, yet close to area attractions. we offer horseback riding and wine tasting on our premises, and we are located within driving distance of many local attractions.





















life’s a celebration, drink it in
julia guggisberg




explore more check availability get directions contact us
footerguggisberg swiss inn
5025 state route 557
millersburg, oh 44654
330-893-3600
hours
open daily, 7 am to 10 pm
winery:
monday–saturday 12 pm to 9 pm
stables:
9 am to 4 pm tuesday, wednesday, friday & saturday


copyright © 2025 · log inkeep in touch
emailfacebookphone
home
about
the inn
winery
riding stables
contact
check availability
 













