


 






products with a mission  | north american rescue



































 












    the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    





















        products    



        training    



        nar training courses    



        product videos    



        product information sheets    



        education presentations    



        about education and training    





        resources    



        contact us    



        faqs    



        request for quote    



        videos    



        products with a mission    



        about us    



        the quality difference    



        operation giveback    



        awards and recognition    



        careers    



        press releases    





        clearance    



        subscribe    












products










training










resources










clearance










subscribe

























nar pricing application
pricing discounts are available to qualified customers. call today or submit the nar pricing application online!



        skip to content    

 
















sign in or create an account




my cart



















search




search








search



























 











our 24-hour flash sale starts 12am edt and ends 11:59pm edt on friday, february 14th. use coupon code loveme* to save 30% on select kits and gear! plus, save on limited edition kits** (no coupon necessary).

*u.s. retail only. while supplies last. **u.s. only. while supplies last.

more info
shop sale


sale ends in:








our 24-hour flash sale starts 12am edt and ends 11:59pm edt on friday, february 14th. use a coupon code* to save 30% on select kits and gear! plus, save on limited edition kits** (no coupon necessary).

*u.s. retail only. while supplies last. **u.s. only. while supplies last.

preview sale
north american rescue® inclement weather hours:
due to inclement weather, our warehouse and offices will operate on a 2-hour delay, opening at 10am et on:• wednesday, january 22nd, 2025 •
normal business hours will resume on thursday, january 23rd at 8:00am et.
we apologize for the inconvenience.north american rescue® holiday hours:
• our offices will be closed on monday, january 20th, 2025,
 in observance of martin luther king jr. day •
normal business will resume on tuesday, january 21st, 2025.

free bleeding control training classes throughout the month of may!
sign up now


class schedule

05/15/23 6:00pm - 7:30pm
05/17/23 12:00pm - 1:30pm
05/26/23 1:00pm - 2:30pm
05/30/23 6:00pm - 7:30pm

product educationdive in and get more in-depth information about these select productsfeatured productsview all productsenhanced ars™ballistic protective equipmentc-a-t® tourniquethpmk-ipublic access bleeding controltommanikin®quantum™featured productsdiscover our favorite life saving kits, gear, and tools

new products
featured products
view all products






 








 



                                            combat application tourniquet (c-a-t)                                        




1 
                review                


                add your review            












 



                                            hypothermia prevention & management kit - insulated (hpmk-i)                                        











 



                                            nar responder ballistic ppe vest system                                        











 



                                            quantum blood & fluid warming system                                        











 



                                            enhanced ars for needle decompression (10 gauge x 3.25 in.)                                        











 



                                            enhanced ars for needle decompression (14 gauge x 3.25 in.)                                        











 



                                            pneumothorax decompression indicator capnospot                                        











 



                                            spear - simplified pneumothorax emergency air release                                        











 



                                            lumbar first aid kit (l-fak)                                        











 



                                            i-rok kit                                        











 



                                            trauma & first aid boating kit                                        











 



                                            ruf kits                                        











 



                                            mini medic kits                                        











 



                                            hyfin vent chest seal twin pack                                        











 



                                            bleeding control kit - stb                                        









view all products





our divisions
learn morelearn morelearn morelearn morenar® simulationget a comprehensive look at our tactical training simulation equipment for military, law enforcement, and medical organizations.
learn moreofficial nar® blogget in the conversation and increase your knowledge through the nar blog! check out nar's searchable library of nar doctor content featuring industry information for best medical practices, general safety tips, and in-depth product information.
read nowhpmk-i™prevent hypothermia during casualty care with the new hpmk-i™
learn moreenhanced ars™a thoracic decompression needle & catheter assembly.
learn morec-a-t® tourniquetchoose the safest, most effective prehospital tourniquet.
learn morequantum™ systemlevel up your blood and fluid warming system.
learn moreabout nar®north american rescue® - products with a mission®read nar doc articlesat north american rescue, our roots run deep and wide in the world of tactical medicine and rescue. our business was built from the ground up on the vision and experience of seasoned military medics seeking to fill the equipment gaps commonly encountered in the field of operation. since then, we have continued to broaden our vision to include other invaluable first responder perspectives such as prehospital healthcare providers in civilian law enforcement, emergency medical services, and community public safety initiatives. this first-hand reality fosters a unique insight into the extreme challenges and evolving requirements of tactical medicine and rescue for the entire prehospital team both on the battlefield and the homefront.
products with a mission® means we are driven by tactical combat casualty care guidelines, supported by evidence-based medicine and validated by laboratory tested - combat proven® history. from the point of wounding to the doors of the trauma center, nar is your dedicated partner in life-saving medical gear and training designed to empower today’s warfighter, first responder and prehospital healthcare provider with the mission critical solutions that increase survivability by reducing potentially preventable causes of death.trauma & first aid kit class a or b
enhanced ars product overview
quantum blood & fluid warmer
be the difference!®
at north american rescue® we love the partnership that we share with our customers. without you, we just sell products. by combining the right care, provided at the right time, with the right equipment utilized in the right manner, we see lives saved. this is our mission. we believe that every one of us can be the difference® when the need arises.
thank you for letting us be a part of that.
products with a mission®discover all the life saving products and services available.
view all products



























































follow the mission

  like    subscribe    follow    follow 






resources

blog
additional reading
videos
tccc
social media




company


about us
products with a mission
the quality difference
operation giveback
awards & recognition
careers

compliance




help


catalogs

request for quote
additional purchasing info
product feedback
faqs
international orders
contact us
privacy policy
cookie settings







 







© 2024 north american rescue, llc. all rights reserved. all training services are offered by nar training, llc.
site last updated 02/23/2024.

terms & conditions | eula/terms of use | supplier terms

 



