


belmont club





















    
	belmont club
	
  
history and history in the making





wednesday, june 01, 2005




moved to another url
the belmont club has moved to this url: http://fallbackbelmont.blogspot.com/.
the underlying cause of the outage was probably that the blog had gotten too
big. i finally got blogger to publish through the expedient of deleting some
very old and forgettable posts. but i won't push my luck. henceforward, all new
posts will be at the new site http://fallbackbelmont.blogspot.com/



posted by wretchardthecat at 10:27 am






tuesday, may 24, 2005




choose your ghetto
kc johnson, a professor of history at brooklyn college and the cuny graduate 
center, asks whether a de facto test of political correctness is being required 
of prospective teachers. in an article in

higher-ed views, johnson writes:

the program at my own institution, brooklyn college, exemplifies how 
  application of ncate’s new approach can easily be used to screen out potential 
  public school teachers who hold undesirable political beliefs. brooklyn’s 
  education faculty, which assumes as fact that “an education centered on social 
  justice prepares the highest quality of future teachers,” recently launched a 
  pilot initiative to assess all education students on whether they are 
  “knowledgeable about, sensitive to and responsive to issues of diversity and 
  social justice as these influence curriculum and pedagogy, school culture, 
  relationships with colleagues and members of the school community, and 
  candidates’ analysis of student work and behavior.” 
at the undergraduate level, these high-sounding principles have been 
  translated into practice through a required class called “language and 
  literacy development in secondary education.” according to numerous students, 
  the course’s instructor demanded that they recognize “white english” as the 
  “oppressors’ language.” without explanation, the class spent its session 
  before election day screening michael moore’s fahrenheit 9/11. when several 
  students complained to the professor about the course’s politicized content, 
  they were informed that their previous education had left them “brainwashed” 
  on matters relating to race and social justice.

johnson argues that a required commitment to "social justice" is sometimes 
used as a proxy to require a set of political beliefs. but in a sense this 
requirement only sets the seal on a long-term trend. citing a survey "of 1,643 
faculty members at 183 four-year colleges and universities" by three political 
scientists, he noted that the great majority of faculty members were 
self-described liberals.

faculty members in the study were asked to place themselves on the 
  political spectrum, and 72 percent identified as liberal while only 15 percent 
  identified as conservative, with the remainder in the middle. the professors 
  were also asked about party affiliation, and here the breakdown was 50 percent 
  democrats, 11 percent republicans, and the rest independent and third parties. 
  the study also broke down the findings by academic discipline, and found that 
  humanities faculty members were the most likely (81 percent) to be liberal. 
  the liberal percentage was at its highest in english literature (88 percent), 
  followed by performing arts and psychology (both 84 percent), fine arts (83 
  percent), political science (81 percent). other fields have more balance. the 
  liberal-conservative split is 61-29 in education, 55-39 in economics, 53-47 in 
  nursing, 51-19 in engineering, and 49-39 in business.

some reviewers of johnson's

work sharply disagree. one modern languages professor said "i have worked 
with many colleagues over the years whose political and religious affiliations 
remained unknown to me. when i recommended hiring candidates, i always did so 
based on their academic credentials." another basically argued that 
conservativism is positively correlated with intellectual inferiority. hence 
there was no bias.

i think that a more thorough and unbiased study will reveal that far fewer 
  conservative christians opt to pursue academic careers (outside of religiously 
  affiliated schools) than other groups. this, as i’ve noted previously, is 
  because scholarship in prestigious research universities implies skepticism, 
  questioning, challenging assumptions, revising traditions, and subverting 
  dominant ideologies—goals that the most conservative scholars and students 
  resist. ... the real dispute is whether or not this isn’t the way that it’s 
  supposed to be. just as the media must remain “liberal” enough to question and 
  challenge political authority, universities are, in fact, one of the remaining 
  bastions of liberal thinking. conservative beliefs and attitudes already 
  dominate the political, religious, and social spheres in america (not to 
  mention public school boards around the country), and it’s quite obvious that 
  these recent attacks on “liberal academia” are an attempt to spread that 
  dominant influence into our colleges and universities. so let’s be clear on 
  where and why the battle lines are being drawn.

another commentator also believed that self-selection was a factor in 
creating a liberal-conservative imbalance. but he did not put it down to 'smart 
people choosing a smart career'. he argued that liberals and conservatives 
diverged in their job choices because they valued different kinds of careers.

there also is the issue of the pool for recruitment. why are there no 
  conservatives? probably because conservatives tend to seek private sector jobs 
  that pay more. in every field, the liberals are those paid the least. in 
  physics or political science or english, teaching faculty are paid 
  significantly less than those finding either private sector jobs or those in 
  academic administration. so, the pool for junior faculty is more liberal 
  because conservatives get higher paying positions in the private sector. 
  inside the university, conservatives become administrators (and again, are 
  paid more).

to this way of thinking, each political persuasion creates its own ghetto by 
self-selection in which a liberalism is as unlikely to be found in some settings 
as conservativism in others. but while this may be the case it would be 
different from formally requiring a political point of view as a pre-requisite 
for entering into a career.



posted by wretchardthecat at 1:55 am










gorgeous george galloway 2
a number of readers (jg) and commenters have written to say that the senate 
only posts prepared statements. therefore under those terms, galloway will not 
have submitted a statement and there is nothing unusual about it not being on 
the senate website and i apologize for the dramatic flourish. more 
interestingly, commenter

rick ballard suggests (i think) that the senate off hearings aren't really 
going anywhere. the

belmont club post said, "unless the oil for food hearings have come to a 
complete dead end, coleman and levin's examination of galloway aren't the 
pointless thrashings of senators at a loss to respond to the devastating wit of 
the british mp but tantalizing clues to the direction they wish the 
investigations to take," to which rick ballard said:

i rarely disagree with your analysis but i see zero evidence that calling 
  mr. galloway in response to his taunting of the committee served any purpose 
  whatsoever. look at the lead up to his appearance and you see pure spotlight 
  politics, if he comes the committee gets ink if he refuses, the committee gets 
  ink. on top of that add the leak of the minority report to the guardian prior 
  to its publication but after the invitation to galloway and all i see is 
  washington politics as usual. 
to anyone thinking that the minority report was "innoculation" against 
  charges that the senate was ignoring american misdeeds wrt off i would ask - 
  why did the dem staff spend the majority of 128 pages on transactions that 
  amounted to far less than 1% of the stolen off funds? sen. coleman may indeed 
  be a bright and honorable man but carl levin hisses when he speaks and can 
  slide through grass undetected. the galloway/pasqua report is here and the 
  minority report is
  
  here. until i see full exploration of the strong/desmarais/paribas links 
  by this committee i'm afraid that i'm going to regard it as a smokescreen. don 
  kofi is a sottocapo figurehead being set up to take a fall for mr. big. the 
  powercorp/total/final/elf connections are where the real trail leads - that 
  and the material supplier kick backs - not the oil surcharges.

maybe they are headed for a dead end. it's entirely possible that rick 
ballard is essentially right about the senate committee, that it is hunting with blanks. 
in this scenario there are too many places that the oil for food scandal 
shouldn't go; owing to the extremely sensitive nature of the connections, so 
only low-hanging fruit like kojo annan, zhirinovsky and george galloway are 
going to take the heat. galloway, with a kind of perverted sense of honor, may 
have felt the kind of outrage a small timer feels when being made to hold the 
bag and lashed out at the senate investigation because he knows he was low man 
on the totem. it would be sad if rick ballard were right, though it is entirely 
possible. in the case the oil for food scandal isn't the road to justice, but 
simply a fuzzy glimpse into the corrupt world of international politics in the 
last years of the 20th century. 



posted by wretchardthecat at 12:39 am






monday, may 23, 2005




gorgeous george galloway
reader km points out in a private email that the testimony of george galloway
before the us senate has gone missing. according to vunet:

the website for the senate committee on homeland security and government
  affairs has removed testimony from uk mp george galloway from its website. all
  other witness testimonies for the hearings on the oil for food scandal are
  available on the committee's website in pdf form. but galloway's testimony is
  the only document not on the site. ... press representatives for the committee
  had no comment.

the senate committee website
itself has these terse entries, here reproduced verbatim which does not say
that the testimony has been removed but that "mr galloway did not submit
a statement".

panel 1
   mark l. greenblatt [view pdf] , counsel , u.s. senate permanent subcommittee on investigations
   steven a. groves [view pdf] , counsel , u.s. senate permanent subcommittee on investigations
   dan m. berkovitz [view pdf] , counsel to the minority , u. s. senate permanent subcommittee on investigations

  panel 2
   george galloway , member of parliament for bethnal green and bow , great britain
   mr galloway did not submit a statement

  panel 3
   thomas a. schweich [view pdf] , chief of staff, u.s. mission to the united nations , u. s. department of state
   robert w. werner [view pdf] , director, office of foreign assets control , u. s. department of the treasury
   peter reddaway [view pdf] , professor emeritus of political science and international affairs , george washington university

the declaration that "mr galloway did not submit a statement" is
curious given the fact that he spoke for 47 minutes before the senate, a
performance which christopher
hitchens, no admirer of galloway, believed was a rhetorical
"humiliation" of the senate. a verbatim transcript of galloway's
testimony, together with a video record of the proceedings can be found at the information
clearing house. to account for the discrepancy between the factual existence
of galloway's testimony and its nonappearance in the senate website raises the
possibility that mr. galloway's oral testimony is considered distinct from a
written statement by the senate rules or it has been expunged from the record
because it puts the senators in a bad light. but there is a third
possibility.
the really striking thing about the galloway's testimony as transcribed by
the information clearing house is how the senators and the member of parliament
for bethnal green and bow were pursuing a non-collision course. galloway had
come to score press and public relations points at which, by all accounts, he
was successful at doing. but senator coleman and levin seemed totally
uninterested in responding to galloway's sharp political jibes. it was almost as
if the senators were deaf to his political posturing. instead, they focused
exclusively and repeatedly on two things: galloway's relationship with fawaz
zureikat and tariq aziz. zureikat was a board member of galloway's mariam
foundation who is also implicated in the oil for food deals. tariq aziz was
saddam's vice president.

sen. coleman: if i can get back to mr. zureikat one more time. do you
  recall a time when he specifically -- when you had a conversation with him
  about oil dealings in iraq?
galloway: i have already answered that question. i can assure you, mr.
  zureikat never gave me a penny from an oil deal, from a cake deal, from a
  bread deal, or from any deal. he donated money to our campaign, which we
  publicly brandished on all of our literature, along with the other donors to
  the campaign.
sen. coleman: again, mr. galloway, a simple question. i'm looking for
  either a yes or no. did you ever have a conversation with mr. zureikat where
  he informed you that he had oil dealings with iraq, yes or no?
galloway: not before this daily telegraph report, no. ...
sen. carl levin (d): thank you, mr. galloway.
mr. galloway, could you take a look at the exhibit number 12...
galloway: yes.
sen. levin: ... where your name is in parenthesis after mr. zureikat's?--
galloway: before mr. zureikat's, if i'm looking at the right exhibit--
sen. levin: i'm sorry. i was going to finish my sentence -- my question,
  though. my question was, where your name is in parenthesis after mr.
  zureikat's company.
galloway: i apologize, senator.
sen. levin: that's all right. now, that document--assuming it's an accurate
  translation of the document underneath it--would you... you're not alleging
  here today that the document is a forgery, i gather?
galloway: well, i have no idea, senator, if it's a forgery or not.
sen. levin: but you're not alleging.
galloway: i'm saying that the information insofar as it relates to me is
  fake.
sen. levin: i -- is wrong?
galloway: it's wrong.
sen. levin: but you're not alleging that the document...
galloway: well, i have no way of knowing, senator.
sen. levin: that's fine. so you're not alleging?
galloway: no, i have no way -- i have no way of knowing. this is the first
  time...
sen. levin: is it fair to say since you don't know, you're not alleging?
galloway: well, it would have been nice to have seen it before today.
sen. levin: is it fair to say, though, that either because you've not seen
  it before or because -- otherwise, you don't know. you're not alleging the
  document's a fake. is that fair to say?
galloway: i haven't had it in my possession long enough to form a view
  about that.
sen. levin: all right. would you let the subcommittee know after you've had
  it in your possession long enough whether you consider the document a fake.
galloway: yes, although there is a -- there is an academic quality about
  it, senator levin, because you have already found me guilty before you --
  before you actually allowed me to come here and speak for myself.
sen. levin: well, in order to attempt to clear your name, would you...
galloway: well, let's be clear about something.
sen. levin: well, let me finish my question. let me be clear about that,
  first of all. would you submit to the subcommittee after you've had a chance
  to review this document whether or not, in your judgment, it is a forgery?
  will you do that?
galloway: well, if you will give me the original. i mean, this is not --
  presumably, you wrote this english translation.
sen. levin: yes, and there's a copy underneath it of the...
galloway: well, yes, there is a copy of a gray blur. if you'll give me --
  if you'll give me the original ...
sen. levin: the copy of the original.
(crosstalk)
galloway: give me the original in a decipherable way, then of course
  i'll...
sen. levin: that would be fine. we appreciate that.
galloway: yes.

it is clear that coleman and levin were attempting to pin galloway down on
what he knew and when he knew it. they were also attempting to get him to
categorically declare himself on the veracity of the zureikat document. in the
end, galloway denied talking to zureikat about oil deals with saddam before it
became a public issue. he also undertook to evaluate the veracity of the
document which named him -- in parenthesis admittedly -- in one a document
related to oil for food.

sen. levin: ... i wanted just to ask you about tariq aziz.
galloway: yeah.
sen. levin: tariq aziz. you've indicated you, you--who you didn't talk to
  and who you did talk to. did you have conversations with tariq aziz about the
  award of oil allocations? that's my question.
galloway: never.
sen. levin: thank you. i'm done. thank you.
sen. coleman: just one follow-up on the tariq aziz question. how often did
  you uh ... can you describe the relation with tariq aziz?
galloway: friendly.
sen. coleman: how often did you meet him?
galloway: many times.
sen. coleman: can you give an estimate of that?
galloway: no. many times.
sen. coleman: is it more than five?
galloway: yes, sir.
sen. coleman: more than ten?
galloway: yes.
sen. coleman: fifteen? around fifteen?
galloway: well, we're getting nearer, but i haven't counted. but many
  times. i'm saying to you "many times," and i'm saying to you that i
  was friendly with him.
sen. coleman: and you describe him as "a very dear friend"?
galloway: i think you've quoted me as saying "a dear, dear
  friend." i don't often use the double adjective, but--
sen. coleman: --i was looking into your heart on that.--
galloway: --but "friend" i have no problem with. senator, just
  before you go on--i do hope that you'll avail yourself of this dossier that i
  have produced. and i am really speaking through you to senator levin. this is
  what i have said about saddam hussein.
sen. coleman: well, we'll enter that into the record without objection. i
  have no further questions of the witness. you're excused, mr. galloway.
galloway: thank you very much.

in the exchange above it is abundantly clear that both coleman and levin
simply wanted to enter galloway's denial of having discussed oil for food
business with tariq aziz in the record. levin immediately ends his questioning
after eliciting galloway's "never". coleman is content to merely
establish that aziz and galloway were
"friends" who had met "many times" before saying "i
have no further questions of the witness".
unless the oil for food hearings have come to a complete dead end, coleman
and levin's examination of galloway aren't the pointless thrashings of senators
at a loss to respond to the devastating wit of the british mp but
tantalizing clues to the direction they wish the investigations to take. the
question that must have been in galloway's mind -- and which is uppermost in
mine -- is what else did the senators know? the persons named by the senate investigation so far -- zhirinovsky, pasqua and galloway -- reads less like a list of principals than a list of fixers. the truly remarkable thing about galloway's many meetings with tariq aziz was how much time the iraqi was willing to devote to an obscure british backbencher with no official power. the unspoken question is why saddam should take the trouble to bribe galloway, if it were galloway who was being bribed. the senators were building a causal bridge to something, but to what? i am in no position to say, but will guess that galloway's testimony and its disappearance from the senate website can only be understood in the context of what coleman and levin were trying to achieve. my own sense is that the investigations are cautiously nearing far bigger game than george galloway; but that his evidence or his refusal to give it is somehow crucial to achieving this larger goal. other pieces of the puzzle may exist but there are two the public know about which may cast an interesting light in hindsight on galloway's words. the first is contained in the volcker commission files which investigator robert parton turned over to the senate committee and the second is the forthcoming trial of saddam hussein and tariq aziz. george galloway may have appeared in the senate but even he must be uncertain, until
the missing pieces are played on the board, what he really said.



posted by wretchardthecat at 11:46 am






sunday, may 22, 2005




the high hand
glenn
reynolds notes that the new york times coverage of prisoner abuse in
afghanistan may not really be about prisoner abuse or even afghanistan, but
about maintaining the prestige of newsweek. he calls it "circling
the wagons", the idea being to teach press critics an object lesson in how
expensive it is to humiliate the mass media by catching them at sloppy reporting
by flooding the zone with stories similar to the one which was discredited .
that may or may not be the case, but it is nearly undeniable that the effect of
the media's coverage of american misdeeds has been to make the slightest
infraction against enemy combatants ruinously expensive. not only the treatment
of the enemy combatants themselves, but their articles of religious worship have
become the subject of such scrutiny that korans must handled with actual gloves
in a ceremonial fashion, a fact that must be triumph for the jihadi cause
in and of itself. while nothing is wrong with ensuring the proper treatment of
enemy prisoners, the implicit moral superiority that has been accorded america's
enemy and his effects recalls rudyard kipling's the
grave of the hundred dead.
kipling described how the 19th century indian army maintained the myth of the
raj and upheld his prestige to compensate for their small numbers and military
weakness. when a subaltern of the first shikaris is slain in a jungle ambush,
his men know that they must teach the burmans, first and foremost, how blasphemous
it was to hurt one of the elect. for the sake of their masters and themselves
the shikaris raid the home village of the foe and slay them to the last man.
"and sniders squibbed no more; for the burmans said that a white man's
head must be paid for with heads five-score". kipling's verse finds its
modern analogue not in punitive visitations against "insurgent"
strongholds in afghanistan or iraq -- which would be eagerly reported by the
press if they could at all find them -- but in calls for the arrest of the
american president or the dismissal of the the secretary of defense for a
handful of cases of prisoner abuse gleaned from a global battlefield.
for example,
a court in the hague turned down a demand by a dozen plaintiffs who wanted to
force the dutch government to arrest us president george w bush when he visits
the netherlands. donald rumsfeld has been repeatedly asked to resign over
'widespread prison' abuse in abu ghraib. the point of these calls for lopsided
retribution is to drive home just how dangerous it is to trifle with sacred
person and belief system of the enemy. it aims to paralyze anyone who even
contemplates such an act of lese majeste. the modern "grave of a hundred
dead" isn't a pyramid of skulls over the tomb of british subaltern: it's an
american secretary of defense's head on a stake over a photograph of a jihadi
wearing a pair of panties as a hat. it is front-page calls for an abject
american apology for flushing a koran down a toilet even if it was never
flushed down a toilet at all, except on the pages of newsweek. it is
calls for an admission of guilt if only the mere possibility of guilt existed.
and if that were not psychological domination at par with the worst the british
empire could offer in its heyday then nothing is. there are empires today of a
different sort, but they maintain the power by much the same means.
there'll be some who say that toppling saddam was meant to be an object lesson to the arab world. if so, it has sent mixed messages because it was never prosecuted with the kind of frightening brutality that some have advocated. the image of the us after oif is one of a giant afraid to hurt or even give offense to its enemies. even in the battles of the first and second fallujah there were always extraordinary efforts to preserve mosques and similar places, probably to the glee and wonderment of the enemy. if the kevin sites incident and the subsequent investigation proved
anything it was that the marines were no shikaris.

but if the us has been at pains to avoid the image of ruthlessness, the enemy by contrast has made a special effort to magnify his brutality by attacking mosques, beheading women, mutilating children, etc. often on camera. and the really disappointing thing it is that the intended intimidation works. if george galloway's standard response to his critics is a lawsuit and radical islam's first recourse is a
 fatwa then terror's first answer to insult is always the grave of a hundred dead. intimidation brings them respect from the very people who style themselves immune to intimidation.
it is plain to the lowliest stringer from the most obscure tabloid
that to insult america is cheap but to insult the local 'militants' very, very expensive. kipling's cynical dictum is proven again and the lesson not forgotten.

we live in a strange world where the beslan story vanishes in weeks while abu ghraib lives on for years. maybe it reflects the inherent importance of the stories but it more probably demonstrates the media's ability to prolong the life of some stories while ignoring others. i hope it is not impertinent to observe that the media's demeanor towards terrorism bears more than a passing resemblance to cheap cowardice; but though outwardly similar it really springs from a high-minded idealism, deep courage and profound learning. or so i hope.




the grave of a hundred dead


there's a widow in sleepy chester
        who weeps for her only son;
        there's a grave on the pabeng river,
        a grave that the burmans shun;
        and there's subadar prag tewarri
        who tells how the work was done.
a snider squibbed in the jungle-
        somebody laughed and fled,
        and the men of the first shikaris
        picked up their subaltern dead,
        with a big blue mark in his forehead
        and the back blown out of his head.

subadar prag tewarri,
        jemadar hira lal,
        took command of the party,
        twenty rifles in all,
        marched them down to the river
        as the day was beginning to fall.
they buried the boy by the river,
        a blanket over his face-
        they wept for their dead lieutenant,
        the men of an alien race-
        they made a samadh in his honour,
        a mark for his resting-place.

for they swore by the holy water,
        they swore by the salt they ate,
        that the soul of lieutenant eshmitt sahib
        should go to his god in state,
        with fifty file of burmans
        to open him heaven's gate.
the men of the first shikaris
        marched till the break of day,
        till they came to the rebel village
        the village of pabengmay-
        a jingal covered the clearing,
        caltrops hampered the way.
subadar prag tewarri,
        bidding them load with ball,
        halted a dozen rifles
        under the village wall;
        sent out a flanking-party
        with jemadar hira lal.
the men of the first shikaris
        shouted and smote and slew,
        turning the grinning jingal
        on to the howling crew.
        the jemadar's flanking-party
        butchered the folk who flew.
long was the morn of slaughter,
        long was the list of slain,
        five score heads were taken,
        five score heads and twain;
        and the men of the first shikaris
        went back to their grave again,
each man bearing a basket
        red as his palms that day,
        red as the blazing village-
        the village of pabengmay
        and the "drip-drip-drip" from the baskets
        reddened the grass by the way

they made a pile of their trophies
        high as a tall man's chin,
        head upon head distorted,
        set in a sightless grin,
        anger and pain and terror
        stamped on the smoke-scorched skin.
subadar prag tewarri
        put the head of the boh
        on the top of the mound of triumph,
        the head of his son below-
        with the sword and the peacock banner
        that the world might behold and know.
thus the samadh was perfect,
        thus was the lesson plain
        of the wrath of the first shikaris-
        the price of white man slain;
        and the men of the first shikaris
        went back into camp again.

then a silence came to the river,
        a hush fell over the shore,
        and bohs that were brave departed,
        and sniders squibbed no more;
        for the burmans said
        that a white man's head
        must be paid for with heads five-score.

there's a widow in sleepy chester
        who weeps for her only son;
        there's a grave on the pabeng river,
        a grave that the burmans shun;
        and there's subadar prag tewarri
        who tells how the work was done.






posted by wretchardthecat at 8:00 am






thursday, may 19, 2005




the great white north
the drama surrounding attempts by canadian pm paul martin to hang on to power
by ignoring a no confidence vote and then offering a conservative oppositionist
a cabinet post to switch sides has taken an dramatic turn. conservative
canadian mp gurmant grewal tape recorded an attempt by the prime minister's
chief of staff, tim murphy to bribe him to change his vote. andrew
coyne highlights some snippets of the recorded conversation which are best
heard against the background of squeezebox music playing  'speak softly, love, so no one hears us but the sky.
...'

murphy: "if anybody is asked the question, 'well is there a deal?' and
  you say, 'no.' well you want that to be the truth. ... so you didn't
  approach. we didn't approach."

a recent belmont
club post noted that 'victories' won by the left with these tactics were
more properly understood as acts of desperation by those who feared their long
term decline, as if in slipping from the pinnacle, they despaired of ever
regaining it again.

the survival of paul martin's government, shaken by scandal after scandal,
  has been bought at the price of violating the spirit of the westminister
  system by ignoring what was effectively a vote of no-confidence until
  they could bribe someone to cross the aisle to square the count. martin
  survived but only by bending the rulebook. a canadian conservative victory
  without martin's shennanigans would have been an unremarkable and narrow
  electoral triumph. but the liberal party of canada's actions now mean that the
  issues dividing political factions in the great white north are fundamental.
  by demonstrating a determination to hold on to power at all costs martin is
  increasing the likelihood of a radical, rather than an incremental solution to
  the canadian crisis.

mark steyn has more in his article a
constitutional coup

in the forthcoming western standard , i make the point that “the big flaw
  at the heart of the westminster system is that in order to function as
  intended – by codes and conventions – it depends on a certain modesty and
  circumspection from the political class.” perhaps it was always a long shot
  to expect a man as hollow as paul martin to understand that. ... but the fact
  remains: by any understanding of our system of government, if the effect of
  “an extra week’s delay” is to maintain themselves in power by one vote
  they otherwise would not have had, it’s hard to see this as anything other
  than a constitutional coup. like robert mugabe, paul martin has simply
  declared that the constitution is whatever he says it is.

what characterizes much of the left today as exemplified by behavior from
george galloway to paul martin is the increasing necessity to maintain their
position by any means necessary. while that is dangerous and infuriating, it is
a reliable indicator that they have lost control of the system. things just
aren't working the way they used to. and that, despite everything, is cause for
hope.



posted by wretchardthecat at 10:41 am










the road to perdition
two factors that are normally considered in evaluating the outcome of a 
contemplated action are encapsulated in the notion of an expected value. 
an expected value is calculated from two independent components: the probability 
of an outcome and the 'payoff' of that outcome, where a 'payoff' can be 
negative: that is, a loss. but into the mathematics comes the human factor, 
expressed in our risk/return profile. people can choose between two 
mathematically equal expected values depending on their degree of risk aversion. 
for example, in making a wager, one might be willing to accept a large risk of 
losing a small amount and but be unwilling to take a small risk of losing a very 
large amount, even though they may have the same expected value. that's why few 
people are willing to play russian roulette even for large sums of money.
in relation to the newsweek koran story fiasco, the existence of a 
wartime situation distorts the editorial process to the degree that it increases 
the consequences of a mistake. the probability of making an editorial mistake 
may be the same as it was ten years ago, given the same standards of news 
confirmation, but the consequences of an error may have drastically increased in 
a post-september 11 world where news is disseminated to distant combat zones in 
the blink of an eye. newspapers are not alone in facing drastically changed 
payoff profiles for traditionally accepted practices. by the standards of world 
war 2 the modern us military has objectively reduced the probability of 
civilian casualties, prisoner abuse, etc to a degree that general eisenhower or 
macarthur would never have dreamed possible. unfortunately, the political 
consequences of those events have grown to such an extent that their increase 
dominates the reduction in probability in the final product -- the expected 
value.
all of this is common sense, but it is easy to forget when one is blamed for 
doing what has always been done. the consequential difference between woodward's 
'deep throat' and isikoff's 'anonymous source' is not necessarily the character 
or competence of one over the other; nor even the veracity of their informants. 
it's the thirty years between their stories: it's the fact that there's a war 
on. in the world of probability times payoff, good intentions are not a factor. 
whether one means well or acts maliciously is irrelevant to changing the 
practical outcome of an event. thus, the us military has learned it is not 
enough not to desire reducing collateral damage, it is important to 
create systems and procedures to achieve this. the

small diameter bomb, special targeting software to reduce the footprint of 
blasts, training, and many other programs costing billions are a more serous 
proof that avoiding civilian casualties is a priority than any number of 
heartfelt declarations, however sincere. because if the size of the payoff has 
grown, one had better damn well lower the probability to keep the expected value 
constant.
so when newsweek went to press with the koran story on the basis of an 
anonymous informant and no confirmation (other one denial from an official and 
the absence of a denial from another) it was not really doing anything 
untraditional, but it had failed to take into account the changed nature of the 
world. the us air force could well have argued that sending massed formations of 
heavy bombers to carpet-bomb the muslim world was not any different from what 
curtis le may and air marshall arthur harris did during the 'good war'; but that 
would have been absurd. the amazing thing is how long it took to understand how 
the times had changed for the press as well. that may be in part because the press is spared the immediate and terrible 
feedback of combat, to which the military is continuously subjected. the 
military effort to reduce collateral damage is driven largely by self-interest: 
the need to avoid unnecessary hostility from civilians in combat zones and to 
maintain political acceptability for its assigned missions. the requirements of 
survival have forced the military to evolve. but the press in holding itself 
above responsibility has escaped into a kind of lost world which is even now 
being shaken by a cataclysm.



posted by wretchardthecat at 6:38 am






wednesday, may 18, 2005




the agent 2
the 
drudgereport carried a report of this strangely shrill exchange at a press 
briefing between bush spokesman scott mcclellan and reporters. the words in the 
exchange are important, but not nearly as significant as the atmospherics which 
evoke edvard munch's

the scream.

q with respect, who made you the editor of newsweek? do you think it's 
  appropriate for you, at that podium, speaking with the authority of the 
  president of the united states, to tell an american magazine what they should 
  print? 
mr. mcclellan: i'm not telling them. i'm saying that we would encourage 
  them to help -- 
q you're pressuring them. 
mr. mcclellan: no, i'm saying that we would encourage them -- 
q it's not pressure? 
mr. mcclellan: look, this report caused serious damage to the image of the 
  united states abroad. and newsweek has said that they got it wrong. i think 
  newsweek recognizes the responsibility they have. we appreciate the step that 
  they took by retracting the story. now we would encourage them to move forward 
  and do all that they can to help repair the damage that has been done by this 
  report. and that's all i'm saying. but, no, you're absolutely right, it's not 
  my position to get into telling people what they can and cannot report.... 
q are you asking them to write a story about how great the american 
  military is; is that what you're saying here? 
mr. mcclellan: elisabeth, let me finish my sentence. our military -- 
q you've already said what you're -- i know what -- how it ends. 
mr. mcclellan: no, i'm coming to your question, and you're not letting me 
  have a chance to respond. but our military goes out of their way to handle the 
  koran with care and respect. there are policies and practices that are in 
  place. this report was wrong. newsweek, itself, stated that it was wrong. and 
  so now i think it's incumbent and -- incumbent upon newsweek to do their part 
  to help repair the damage. and they can do that through ways that they see 
  best, but one way that would be good would be to point out what the policies 
  and practices are in that part of the world, because it's in that region where 
  this report has been exploited and used to cause lasting damage to the image 
  of the united states of america. it has had serious consequences. and so 
  that's all i'm saying, is that we would encourage them to take steps to help 
  repair the damage. and i think that they recognize the importance of doing 
  that. that's all i'm saying. 
q as far as the newsweek article is concerned, first, how and where the 
  story came from? and do you think somebody can investigate if it really 
  happened at the base, and who told newsweek? because somebody wrote a story.
  

the resentment is palpable. not the resentment of the spokesman of a 
commander in chief of a military vilified in an article that has already been 
retracted, but the resentment of reporters whose prerogatives have been 
questioned. "with respect, who made you the editor of newsweek?", one asks. 
mcclellan actually cannot finish a sentence in answer, because one of the 
prerogatives of this particular reporter is to ask the questions. "you've 
already said what you're -- i know what -- how it ends." and the question, 
although put in different words each time, is monomanaically the same: when did 
you stop beating your wife? "as far as the newsweek article is concerned, first, 
how and where the story came from? and do you think somebody can investigate if 
it really happened at the base, and who told newsweek? because somebody wrote a 
story." and because "somebody wrote a story" the presumption was that the story 
had to be true, the retraction notwithstanding, as if it never existed, as if 
the retraction were completely irrelevant from the discussion. in a sense it is, 
because there was never a retraction. there may have been words which resembled 
a retraction, but it was never, ever really made because it is absolutely impossible to ever make it.



posted by wretchardthecat at 6:32 am










three weddings and a funeral
four apparently disconnected events in the past few days have served as the 
bellweather in the crisis called the global war on terror, a name now too narrow to 
be apt, because it has entailed a confrontation not only between terror and 
civilization but also muslims and christians, left and right, democracy and 
facism, the old world and the new and much else. the four events are the george 
galloway testimony before the us senate; the survival through questionable 
constitutional tactics of the liberal government in canada; the retraction by 
newsweek of its koran-flushing story and finally, the events in uzbekistan.
the thread common to galloway, the manuevers of the canadian paul martin 
administration and newsweek article is the extent to which the 
once-magisterial left is now resorting to the shrillest and cheapest tactics as 
defensive maneuvers. take george galloway. his grandstand performance before the 
coleman committee was brilliant employment of a weak hand. galloway understood 
his weakness on substantive issues and turned his testimony into a screed, 
attempting to change the ground of the debate. it was wonderful theater, but 
still a weak hand. the coleman hearings are about oil for food; lost in the 
noise is the essential fact that galloway was a loose cannon under oath. in his 
blather he has connected some dots which are going to stay connected, long after 
galloway's fifteen minutes of media fame have faded. i think george galloway 
will see his theatrical performance replayed more often than he would like.
the survival of paul martin's government, shaken by scandal after scandal,  
has been bought at the price of violating the spirit of the westminister system 
by ignoring after what was effectively a vote of no-confidence until they could 
bribe someone to cross the aisle to square the count. martin survived but only 
by bending the rulebook. a canadian conservative victory without martin's 
shennanigans would have been an unremarkable and narrow electoral triumph. but 
the liberal party of canada's actions now mean that the issues dividing 
political factions in the great white north are fundamental. by demonstrating a 
determination to hold on to power at all costs martin is increasing the 
likelihood of a radical, rather than an incremental solution to the canadian 
crisis.
the newsweek affair was, in its way, a demonstration of how the mighty 
have fallen. the koran-flushing story can only be understood in the context of 
the media's unexpected failure to play is accustomed role in the shaping the 
agenda on the war on terror, the debate over the united nations and above all, 
the 2004 elections. watching newsweek build a vaporous story and getting 
caught out is like seeing a once great prize-fighter resorting to eye-gouging, 
headbutting and ear-biting on his inevitable slide down into the undercard. like 
galloway and martin, the newsweek performance is one of ferocity, but 
ferocity in decline. there was a time when the left was represented by the 
jaures and the jean paul sartres. franco molina once wrote a line for a para general in the battle of 
algiers: 'why is it that the sartres are all born on the other side?" the 
left could afford to speak down to its critics. but if solina had waited a few 
decades more he would have seen them replaced by george galloway, michael moore, 
robert fisk and ward churchill, who now await only the arrival of bozo the clown 
to become the five amigos.
the bad news comes not from the headlines but the backpages, in uzbekistan 
where it is possible that the united states, in throwing in with president 
karimov, has entered into a tactical alliance with a tyrant against radical 
islamism: making him an ally -- yes -- but a tyrant just the same. dan darling 
at 
winds of change lays the case out dispassionately for his quondam utility 
and possible future liability.

karimov runs an exceedingly tight and draconian ship, but until quite 
  recently ... the majority of the population was hesitant about standing up to 
  him either because they thought that he may be a tyrant and a strongman, but 
  that in so doing he held the country together and prevented it from descending 
  into chaos. ... this is one of the reasons why this protest/rebellion, 
  regardless of the cause, is such a significant development: it means that for 
  a growing number of uzbeks, the view of karimov as being a necessary evil has 
  now weakened to the point where large numbers of them are able to protest or 
  even take up arms against his government, with the latter in particular being 
  a pretty big indication that somebody in uzbekistan thinks they have a chance 
  of bringing down his regime. ... the willingness to stand up to karimov (the 
  fact that these protests are even occurring is a sign of the impotency of his 
  fearsome police state) is probably a good thing in the long run in the sense 
  of eventually producing a stable democracy in the country. on the flip side, 
  it also provides some definite windows of opportunity for hizb-ut-tahrir and 
  the imu to exploit if they can move quickly, since both groups have been at 
  the forefront of visible opposition to the regime.

this survey of events suggests (and it just my opinion) that the real strategic 
danger to the cause of freedom and democracy isn't from the noisemakers of the left 
but from the temptation to betray principles for tactical gain. it lies on the 
very same path that galloway, martin and newsweek, in their cunning, have 
taken. the left hitched its wagon to the worst men of the 20th and 21st century 
and it is dragging them into the dustbin of history. let's go the other way.



posted by wretchardthecat at 4:24 am






tuesday, may 17, 2005




the agent
the agency problem arises when a conflict of interest arises between a 
principal and his agent. the press often represents itself as an 'agent' of the 
larger society, a seeker after the truth on behalf of the public. it is 
perfectly legitimate to ask whether a conflict of interest can arise between the 
media and the public. a moment's reflection is enough to establish it is not 
always the case that the press -- whether a newspaper or an individual blogger 
-- has interests which completely coincide with the general public because any 
media entity is a proper subset of the public: being a part it cannot be the 
whole. in the case of the newsweek decision to print a poorly sourced 
story on the descreation of a koran at guantanamo naval base it is pertinent to 
ask how the costs and benefits of the magazine's action would be distributed; 
whether the interests of the agent substantially coincide with the principal -- 
the public -- in whose name the press often claims to act. but any boost in 
circulation would accrue benefits to the employees and stockholders of 
newsweek and not to general members of the public unless they had shares. it 
is equally clear that any externalities arising from the koran story would not 
normally be borne by newsweek. though people might die, places destroyed 
or riots occur they would not likely happen to people or places associated with
newsweek.
the fallacy in the argument, of course, is the premise that newsweek 
acts as an agent for the general public. it isn't, and is free from any 
responsibility as a public agent in the uproar it has caused by its retracted 
story. newsweek is not an agent, but the purveyor of a product for which 
there happens to be a market protected by the first amendment. this should be 
clear, and there is nothing wrong with it. but the question arises: to what 
extent is a commercial organization free to dump the external costs of their 
business on others. for historical and political reasons, society has been 
reluctant to make the purveyors of this sort of information accountable for the 
full cost of their speech, reasoning it would be better for society -- the 
commons -- to bear the externality than to risk restricting expression. as in 
any case where an economic actor does not bear the entire cost of its actions, 
there is a tendency to overexploit the capacity of the commons; to privately 
appropriate the gains and leave the effluent on the village green to be swept up 
by everyone else.
in this specific case, it is possible to entirely dispose of the argument 
that responsbility is somehow the "bush adminstration's" because newsweek 
itself has retracted the koran story. whatever else the "bush administration" 
may be guilty of, it is not guilty in this particular case; but since 
newsweek will not bear the costs of its mistake (because it is under no 
agency obligation to do so) it is equally clear that the costs must be borne by 
someone else in this particular case also: by the commons; in this instance 
largely by the elected agents of the public, i.e. the government and its 
representatives, that is, by someone in afghanistan or iraq.
the interesting question is what should prevent this from happening again and 
the answer, insofar as i can see, is nothing. the system works that way by 
design choice. one thing that may create pressure for change is the increasing 
cost of dumping such externalities onto the commons. in a world where certain 
groups are likely to detonate car bombs or radiological devices in response to 
any real or imagined slight, the commons may be unable to bear the external 
costs of news organizations mindlessly purveying inflammatory and poorly-sourced 
news products. that is essentially the argument for censorship in wartime. yet 
censorship itself imposes such huge costs that it is questionable whether such a 
cure would be better than the disease. in the past the choice of evils was 
avoided by resorting to social pressure like appeals to patriotism or personal 
requests. a newsmagazine in 1944 would probably not even considered publishing 
the equivalent of the koran story on the basis of the slightest of sources and 
without any collateral confirmation whatsoever. but we're not in kansas any 
more. without that self restraint there is nothing for it but for the commons to 
keep bearing the full cost of newsweek-type journalism until the system 
snaps, to the detriment of all.



posted by wretchardthecat at 6:48 am











about me

name:  wretchardthecat 

view my complete profile

make a donation!













previous posts

moved to another url
the belmont club has moved to...
choose your ghetto
kc johnson, a professor of hist...
gorgeous george galloway 2
a number of readers (jg...
gorgeous george galloway
reader km points out in a...
the high hand
glenn
reynolds notes that the new yo...
the great white north
the drama surrounding attemp...
the road to perdition
two factors that are normall...
the agent 2
the 
drudgereport carried a report of ...
three weddings and a funeral
four apparently disco...
the agent
the agency problem arises when a conflic...

visitors since 12/26/2003








previous posts

moved to another url
the belmont club has moved to...
choose your ghetto
kc johnson, a professor of hist...
gorgeous george galloway 2
a number of readers (jg...
gorgeous george galloway
reader km points out in a...
the high hand
glenn
reynolds notes that the new yo...
the great white north
the drama surrounding attemp...
the road to perdition
two factors that are normall...
the agent 2
the 
drudgereport carried a report of ...
three weddings and a funeral
four apparently disco...
the agent
the agency problem arises when a conflic...

archives

april 2003
may 2003
june 2003
july 2003
august 2003
september 2003
october 2003
november 2003
december 2003
january 2004
february 2004
march 2004
april 2004
may 2004
june 2004
july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005

mail wretchard
blogroll

belmont lounge
american digest
asymmetrical information
austin bay
belmont club atom feed
bill hobbs
black five
caerdroia
cella's review
counterterrorism blog
david warren
day by day
defense & national interest
defense tech
eject, eject, eject!
far outliers
healing iraq
hugh hewitt
instapundit
intel dump
iraq now
iraqi schools
james lileks
kim du toit
little green footballs
martin cramer
michael totten
michelle malkin
minstrel boy
one hand clapping
oxblog
pacifica fund
parapundit
powerline
random jottings
real clear politics
regnum crucis
right wing news
robert tagorda
roger simon
samizdata
sgt stryker
tech central station
the volokh conspiracy
tim blair
uav blogs
uss clueless
vodkapundit
winds of change

resources

defense link
global security
mipt terrorism knowledgebase









 



