









university of delaware 






































skip to site content

























































 quick links 




                                        myud
                                    



                                        maps
                                    



                                        people directory
                                    



                                        email
                                    



                                        careers
                                    



                                        library
                                    



                                        a-z index
                                    



                                        news
                                    



                                        events
                                    



                                        safety at ud
                                    





















close




































                        quick links 





                                            myud
                                        



                                            maps
                                        



                                            people directory
                                        



                                            email
                                        



                                            careers
                                        



                                            library
                                        



                                            a-z index
                                        



                                            news
                                        



                                            events
                                        



                                            safety at ud
                                        







about udleadership missionexperience udud and the state of delawarehistoryfacts & figuresud communityvaluesfreedom of expression at udkey issuesprospective studentsundergraduate admissionssuccess after udgraduate admissionsprofessional & continuing studiesonline programscurrent studentsacademic calendarhousingfinances & aidadvisingsafetyorientation & transition programsstudent diversity & inclusionstudent wellbeingstudent supportblue hen traditionsfaculty & staffhuman resourcesexpertsemployee resourcesfaculty affairsmedia expertsalumni & friendsconnectgiveresourcesaboutacademicscollegeslibraryprogramsud globalregistraronlineresearch & innovationresearch at ud horn entrepreneurshipstar campusinnovation gatewayresearch expertsathleticsbluehens.com





























            your browser does not support the video tag.
        



your future starts now. become a blue hen. 












find your major
 
choose from over 150 undergraduate majors and minors, or more than 250 graduate and post-baccalaureate programs.








			
			undergraduate programs
			
		








			
			graduate programs
			
		























uncovering black histories at ud












the black histories at ud storymap is a virtual tour that ties stories of black community members, students, faculty members and racial justice activists to specific sites on the ud campus and the greater newark area.
 
learn about the virtual tour
 
black history month events on campus



























explore ud at decision day

join us this spring for the university of delaware's signature event for admitted students and their families.
 
explore all 968-acres of our beautiful campus, learn about your major from current students and envision your future as a blue hen.
 
register today






















ud among best in the nation
 
the quality of a university of delaware education continues to win national recognition with the rankings for its impact on student outcomes and superb learning environment. ud ranks #10 out of 235 in best public universities, and #26 overall among 500 colleges and universities nationwide, according to the wall street journal. 
















university of delaware 



























#10


best public
university




















university of delaware 



























#26


best overall college 
in the u.s.




















university of delaware 



























#48


best 
salaries















			read the latest rankings announcement
			
				>
			
		
















the latest news from the university of delaware














university of delaware 
































ud top-ranked online graduate degree programs


u.s. news & world report names university of delaware online master’s degree programs among best in the nation.


learn more









today's stories







                inspired on decision day
            







                weather impacts for wednesday, feb. 12
            







                training innovators in science and medicine 
            







                driving a climate-friendly beef market
            







                old college comes to life
            







                blue hens fly with eagles
            







                preserving permafrost
            







                delayed opening on feb. 6
            





more ud news
















campus events
 







			events calendar
			
				>
			
		


























ud's commitment to an equitable and inclusive environment
the university of delaware does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, genetic information, marital status, disability, religion, age, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable law in its employment, educational programs and activities, admissions policies, and scholarship and loan programs as required by title ix of the educational amendments of 1972, the americans with disabilities act of 1990, section 504 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, title vii of the civil rights act of 1964, and other applicable statutes and university policies. the university of delaware also prohibits unlawful harassment including sexual harassment and sexual violence.
office of equity & inclusion 











top












explore ud in photos







undergraduate major finder







graduate program finder





 ud home





explore



										about us
									



										athletics
									



										udaily
									



										virtual tour
									



										employment
									




academics



										undergraduate admissions
									



										graduate admissions
									



										colleges
									



										library
									



										research
									




services



										accessibility notice
									



										people directory 
									



										my ud
									



										campus safety 
									



										a to z index
									





connect

contact us
university of delaware newark, de 19716 usa   
p:   302-831-2792









































































			©2025 university of delaware
		


						comments
					



						legal notices
					



						accessibility 
					
















