





black velvet magazine - www.blackvelvetmagazine.com - uk online rock music magazine











 




















 


 
click the above cover to read   issue 111 in full.

we also have a  limited number of printed copies available to pre-order. to pre-order, click here.
 
black velvet 111 includes: 
 interviews with kat von d, skillet, massive wagons, the funeral portrait & the rattlebacks
 concert reviews of black stone cherry, massive wagons, the struts, alice cooper, mammoth wvh
 punk rock pampering (see what beauty and cosmetic products we're loving this issue).
 album and ep reviews of kat von d, massive wagons, the funeral portrait, the rattlebacks, skillet, myles kennedy, chrissy costanza, less than jake, crossbone skully, thieves of liberty, toby and the whole truth, the warning & tuk smith.
 cause for applause (featuring world horse welfare) and eatin' ain't cheatin'.          
 
 
 

latest photo gallery / review additions to the black velvet website:            
 
          
          
          
 

 

read previous digital issues
   
    
    
     
      
    
buy printed back issues 
   
    
 


 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
          
 



 
        click here to read more news.
 
 


          who's on youtube? we've uploaded a few  video interviews to our youtube channel. check the video interviews page or our blackvelvetmagazine youtube channel. 
 
 

 
 
 
 


 


 


 


 


 

 
 
 watch more on the video interviews page 
  
want to contribute to black velvet? click here for more information. 


 




 
copyright: black velvet magazine. all rights reserved.

please 

          note that all articles, photos and other items on this black velvet website 

          are owned and copyrighted by shari black velvet/black velvet magazine 

          unless otherwise stated and must not be used elsewhere under any circumstance. 

          articles in black velvet magazine should not be put online without the 

          express permission of the editor.



privacy policy
 




