


















ophthalmology and visual sciences – uw–madison























 


























skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









ophthalmology and visual sciences





search






menu
open menu


close





home
about us
expand


collapse



about us
alumni
directory
giving
leadership


education
expand


collapse



clinical fellowships
global ophthalmology
ophthalmology clerkship
orthoptist training program
pre-residency fellowships
residency program
vision research opportunities
vision research training program
visiting medical students


research
expand


collapse



a-eye research unit
clinical eye research unit
laboratories
publications
research resources
research news
vision research core
vision research training program
waivs
wisconsin reading center


global ophthalmology
 



people first
events
giving
news
 








 




at the university of wisconsin–madison department of ophthalmology and visual sciences, our focus is saving sight on a global scale. our commitment to stopping the progression of blinding diseases starts with the empowerment and care of individuals. our mission is to save vision through strong educational programs, leading research discoveries, and compassionate patient care.

 
 
 
 


your vision, our mission: global leaders in saving sight



cutting edge researchour laboratories are at the forefront of innovation, pushing boundaries and unlocking new frontiers at one of the most renowned research institutions in the world.



            read more  here
more

 











people first culturewe prioritize the well-being and growth of every individual, in support of an inclusive environment where talents are nurtured, ideas flourish, and collaboration thrives. together, we can make a profound impact on global vision health. 



            read more  here
more

 











world class educationwith state-of-the-art facilities and a commitment to fostering a collaborative learning environment, we stand at the forefront of ophthalmic education, training and empowering the next generation of eye care leaders.



            read more  here
more

 








 
 
 
 





it starts with our deep-seated desire
to fight blindness wherever it exists.

it builds daily with the power of a team that recites the mantra, “why not?” it ends with our unwavering commitment to you and yours. as an exemplary leader in vision care, research, and scholarship – the university of wisconsin–madison department of ophthalmology and visual sciences is the place for transformative impact. we encourage you to explore our new website and learn about our initiatives – new and sustained – that fuel our mission to save sight locally and globally.


—a message from the chair, terri young, md, mba


 
 
 
 






 



learn

our dynamic academic programs enrich and enable the specialists of tomorrow, today.

 





 



discover

known as a ground-breaking institution, our labs continue the strong tradition of discovery. 

 





 



serve

experience the multi-faceted service approach to patient care with our doctors at uw health.

 
 
 
 


upcoming eventsfebruaryfebruary 21ophthalmology grand rounds - virtualelleny gutierrez, md, "a curious case of elevated iop;" kevin schneider, md, "getting ahead of the curvy cornea"7:00 am, onlinefebruary 28ophthalmology grand rounds - virtualbreanna aldred, md, "seeing the wild side: exceptional eyes in the animal kingdom;" sina rashidi kikanloo, md, "flaps, lasers, and cuts, oh my: complications in refractive surgery"7:00 am, onlinemarchmarch 21frontiers in vision research + ophthalmology grand rounds - in-person7:00 am, 1335 health sciences learning center also offered onlinemore events 
more

 

latest newsdepartment names new chief administrative officerfebruary 13, 2025alumni spotlight: deborah sherman, ’91february 11, 2025meet our new resident internsfebruary 7, 2025uw faculty and staff present at 2025 aupo annual meetingjanuary 24, 2025uw-madison vision researchers explore artificial intelligence technology to assist individuals with low visionjanuary 21, 2025whitney a. stevens-sostre, phd, receives prestigious hanna gray fellowshipjanuary 9, 2025celebrate glaucoma awareness month with an eye examdecember 17, 2024meet our new fellowsdecember 16, 2024more news 
more

 
 
 
 




site footer content



  


university logo that links to main university website













































 
  


quick links
news
contact us
giving
intranet login
uw-madison school of medicine and public health
 

contact us2828 marshall court
madison, wi 53705

facebook


instagram


linkedin

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: webmaster@ophth.wisc.edu.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.
















