







corporate golf - the pro shop to america's leading corporations










corporate golf







corporate golf - 
      

      the pro shop to america's leading
      corporationssm 

















golf products
      with your logo




      corporate golf's specials


      golf event services
        





      about corporate
      golf 





      links to golf & business sites



search corporate golf's site  




site map/table of contents



      internet keyword:
      corporate golf  



























  
corporate golf is the premier provider of apparel, headwear,
      accessories and equipment from the leading golf industry brands to
      corporate america and fundraising tournaments.  
 
 corporate golf is the top source if you’re planning a golf tournament or resort meeting, shopping for executive
      gifts or incentive awards, or stocking your company store with custom
      logo golf
        products for promotional use.  if you saw it at the pro shop at a top resort or
        country club, or in the merchandise tent at a pro tour event, and want
        it with your custom company or tournament logo - call corporate golf! 
 our selection of top brand
        name golf shirts, windshirts, other apparel, headwear, accessories,
      equipment, and gifts is the most comprehensive available anywhere.  we have the latest and best from the most famous names in golf - ahead,
        adidas, ashworth, bobby jones, carnoustie, cutter & buck, donald ross,
        fairway & greene, zero restriction, taylormade, callaway, golf
        design, club glove, bushnell, and many, many
        more.  
 
 corporate golf works directly with each manufacturer, and sells the
 same models and products you'd find at retail in pro shops and
 specialty golf stores to corporate and
 tournament buyers.  promotional products distributors can't say
 that. 
the golf experts at corporate
      golf can also arrange celebrity appearances, game improvement clinics, and
      other outstanding special elements to
      enhance your golf tournament (or trade show booth!) - or even plan
      and manage your executive outing or other golf resort event.  
corporate golf is the golf
      supplier to a discriminating corporate clientele and premier charity golf tournaments throughout the united states. our selection of premium brand name
      merchandise, expertise in golf, understanding
      of business service needs, quality of logo customization, and dedication to customer
      service and satisfaction are
      unparalleled.  
contact corporate golf
      today!


corporate golf
      phone: (910) 215-0632
      fax: (910) 215-0172
 complete our customer
      inquiry form

      please phone us or fax your inquiry 
      for the fastest response!  

      corporate or tournament inquiries only,
      please!

      consumers, please go to our links page.

[ golf products ] [ specials ] [ event services ] [ about corporate golf ] [ search ] [ links ] [ site map ]









please note:  a
      complete update of our website is in process!  please excuse any
      broken links or pages noted obsolete, and phone us at (910)
      215-0632 for current product
      information.  
 we
      appreciate your patience, and invite you to
      stop back soon for an update!


      this site content is cookie-free!  
 read our privacy policy.




      this site © 1997 - 2014 corporate golf.  all rights reserved.


last modified: september 03, 2014

 names, logos
      & images of our suppliers are their proprietary material used by
      permission  








top
        brand name golf products with your company or event logo   
        

special
        offers from corporate golf - new specials posted 8/31/14  
        







planning services for
        tournaments, corporate outings, hospitality and incentives  






      about corporate golf   
        



      links to golf & 
 partner sites  
search
        our site
site
        map/table of contents



 
 

 corporate golf - summary:


corporate golf is the pro shop to america's leading
corporations - the
premier source for premium brand name golf
      products with a custom corporate or tournament logo.  corporate golf
is the golf supplier
to top companies all over the u.s.a., and the provider of the player gifts
and prizes for outstanding charity, celebrity, and pro-am golf tournaments
nationwide.  corporate golf is an authorized
distributor for the leading brands in golf, including adidas, ahead, ashworth, bobby jones, callaway golf,
carnoustie, cutter & buck,
donald ross sportswear, fairway & greene, kate lord, odyssey, sport-haley, taylor
made golf, zero restriction, imperial headwear, golf
design, club glove, bushnell, sun mountain, titleist, and windbrella.  corporate
golf's business is entirely dedicated to corporate and tournament sales, so
every aspect is designed to serve the needs of corporate buyers and tournament
managers and committees.
for custom logo golf
apparel, corporate golf offers a full selection of golf and
casual sportswear, outerwear, and
headwear for men and women - polos, golf shirts, wind shirts, vests, sweaters, jackets, rainwear,
woven shirts, golf caps, hats, and visors.  your company name, corporate emblem,
or tournament logo is applied only with the finest custom embroidery.  
for custom logo golf tournament gifts, corporate golf offers a full selection of
golf accessories from the top golf brands.  from logo golf balls to
clip-on golf watches, umbrellas, towels, head covers, divot tools, golf art, and everything in between
-- plus top-quality lifestyle and business accessories, corporate gifts and
awards -- corporate golf has what you need.  if you purchase golf apparel, accessories, or equipment for a corporate
catalog or premium program, for sales gift or promotional use, you'll find the
perfect fit for
your clientele and budget at corporate golf.
for incentive programs, celebrity and pro-am tournaments, and executive golf outings,
corporate golf features top-of-the-line golf equipment from taylormade golf and
other leading brands in pro shops across the
usa, and offers their
entire line -- woods, irons, hybrids,
wedges, putters, golf bags, and everything else each makes.  staff experts will
work with each of your incentive qualifiers to individually fit them, and select the
best equipment for their golf skills.
 corporate golf's event services include booking celebrity appearances and special elements
- clinics, entertainment, photography, swing analysis, hole-in-one insurance
and prizes, etc.) - for golf tournaments, vip outings, corporate hospitality, trade shows,
and other corporate events and charity fundraisers.  corporate golf's
celebrity list includes golf legends like billy casper and kathy whitworth,
current and retired pga, lpga, and
champions tour players, long-drive and trick shot artists, other sports celebrities, and golf and sports
broadcasters.  corporate golf's experts can also help you select the right
site for your golf resort meeting, choose the best corporate hospitality
opportunity, and much more.
so when "corporate" meets "golf" - our name is all you need
to know!





