





caveman rv | grants pass, or | new & used rv dealership























































skip to main content

 







1190 rogue river hwy |
grants pass, or 97527







800-832-1253







toggle navigation






home


inventory


showroom



new inventory


pre-owned inventory





value your trade


schedule a viewing





rv finder


parts & service


parts department


parts request


service department


service request




trade-in


dealer info


about us


map & hours


blog

eugene, or
medford, or


employment


read testimonials


submit a testimonial


photos





financing


financing


finance calculator




contact





caveman rv

1190 rogue river hwy
 grants pass, or 97527
us

phone: 800-832-1253
email: sales@cavemanrv.com,apage@cavemanrv.com

fax:
			








a photo of one of oregon's many landscapes, highlighting where people can go with an rv.beautiful places call for a beautiful new or pre-owned rv at 1190 rogue river hwy grants pass or
a photo of a nice woodland view from a grand design momentum trailer.new and pre-owned momentum trailers and other vehicles at 1190 rogue river hwy grants pass or
a landscape photo highlighting where people can go with a rv or other vehicle.we've got a great selection of new and pre-owned rvs, travel trailers, and more at 1190 rogue river hwy grants pass or








previous



pause



next













fifth wheel




new


used







toy hauler




new


used







travel trailer




new


used







truck campers




new


used









financing

at caveman rv, we are rv enthusiasts, and we enjoy nothing more than helping our customers find the kind of fun and adventure that a quality rv can bring. if you're considering financing your new or used rv, you're in good hands with our finance department. we are thrilled to get the opportunity to help you set up a financing plan that gets you out on the road as soon as possible.

apply now










caveman rv
offering new and used fifth wheels, travel trailers, truck campers, and camper shells. all this in new product lines, including the complete grand design® product lineup, lance trailers and campers, northern lite® truck campers, and so much more!
with quality service and a friendly, helpful staff, we are here to save you money on the best quality fifth wheels, travel trailers, campers, and more! representing the top names in the industry like grand design®, lance, and northern lite®. family-owned and operated for over 40 years and specializing in all types of rvs gives us the expertise needed to ensure you have the best experience before and after your purchase. only 55 miles from the california border on i-5, close to home without the hassle and extra expenses. come visit us in beautiful southern oregon and experience the difference.
about us

























































1190 rogue river hwy
grants pass, or 97527
call: 800-832-1253



hours

mon - fri 8:00am - 5:00pm
sat 8:30am - 5:00pm
sunday closed







like caveman rv on facebook! (opens in new window)





follow caveman rv on instagram! (opens in new window)





follow caveman rv on newsletter! (opens in new window)











quick links
inventory
trade-in
financing
contact








opens in new window



copyright© 2025 dealer spike 
all rights reserved


policy
privacy
terms
site map

















