


home page





 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close





 
welcome to yorkies at sal's



 
 

 


home page
about page
contact page
guest book page
photo page
photo2 page
photo3 page
photo4 page
slide show page
photo5 page
photo6 page

 




yorkies at sal's home page
specializing in tiny teacups yorkie, high quality babies with beautiful baby-doll faces, compact bodies, and thick coats. average adult size is 2-4 lbs. champion-line babies available for foundation breeding, or showing. written health guarantee, shots, vet-checks, and care-kit included. shipping is available.


we want you to know us..
 hi there, we do hope you will have a great time visiting yorkies at sal's. we have enjoyed the company of tiny yorkies for over 30 years. they are a real treasure and can be a true companion. they are very loyal and loving and toally amusing. their personality is unique and are hard to beat. in our opinion if anyone is interested in getting a tiny yorkie they would be very happy with their discion. we are dedicated to raising happy, healthy puppies that will make a wonderful addition to your family. please feel free to contact us via e-mail 24 hours a day.
tiny yorkies come in many colors today.
ture color: golden/blueother colors: black/tanblack/goldblack/bluechampanegolden/tanand many more.


origin of the yorkshire terrier
the yorkie was originally bred in northern england by farmers for use as ratters and small animal game hunters. with selective breeding their size was reduced and they soon captured the hearts of society ladies. the yorkshire terrier came to the us in the later part of the 19th century. today the yorkie is loved by all and fits apartment living, houses, and country homes. the yorkie can be quiet with the elderly or frolic with a child. he has a great deal of curiosity. they take control of their owners. they teach their owners how they want things done. yorkies love to share in all of the activities of those they love. often as not they will follow their loved ones room to room because they enjoy human companionship. they are truly convinced that no human could accomplish anything without them. 
wsal@mail.com
coat
even the yorkies coat has gone through an evolution. writing in 1857 in the third edition of "dogs in the british isles" indicated that the yorkshire terrier was represented by an animal only slightly different from the old scottish dog; his shape being nearly or exactly the same and his coat differing simply in being more silky. such an animal was bounce (a champion of that day), and by comparing his portrait with that of huddersfield ben, it was readily seen that a great development of coat had been accomplished in the latter. the mixture of the black, tan, and white coat of this breed may account for white sometimes found on some of the chest and paws on newborn yorkshire terrier puppies. today, the yorkshire terrier has become notable for its courage and loyalty.

looking at me!!!
she is a unique yorkie breed with a black/tan and a golden/blue. as in the picture her coat has a nickless  of gold. 
wsal@mail.com



 




 
 


 


yorkis at sal's









