








aedc | helping grow a prosperous, sustainable and diverse economy in anchorage.







































































about

our mission
strategic priorities
board of directors
staff
news


events

2025 anchorage economic development luncheon
– host an exhibitor table
– volunteer at luncheon
2025 economic forecast luncheon


invest

our investors
join aedc
investor directory
sponsorship opportunities


data & reports

economic reports
choose anchorage
interactive data tool
in-depth session with roger brooks


resources

alaska pass
relocating to anchorage
startup video series
video resources
contact


 


select page


  
 
 

















anchorage economic development corporation
growing a prosperous, sustainable and diverse economy.

2025 august economic luncheonjoin here!











choose anchorage
a framework for revitalization focused on improving four interconnected aspects of anchorage
that will strengthen the city’s economic vitality for decades to come.

 read the full report







business vitality
drive new investment and job creation with a dynamic and diverse business base.





talent
a robust talent pool with skills that meet the needs of current and future employers. 





quality of place
reverse outmigration trends and solidify anchorage as a premier location to live, work and play. 





infrastructure
leverage our existing assets in a sustainable manner and invest in critical infrastructure. 







upcoming events



learn more! 



 interactive data tools
aedc has collaborated with tip strategies to bring you detailed and interactive tableau reporting on a variety of economic aspects. take a deep dive into the data that drove choose anchorage with these reports.

interactive data tools















research & reports
providing you with key economic data.






  

2024 vetrans inventory report




  

cost of living index report 2024




  

anchorage consumer optimism index: q4 2024




  

real-time jobs intelligence report 2024 q4




  

anchorage employment report: december 2024




  

2025 economic forecast




  

anchorage employment report: november 2024




  

anchorage employment report: october 2024




see all reports









become an investor











 













contact us
510 l street, suite 603anchorage, ak 99501
p: (907) 258-3700e: info@aedcweb.com

join now



learn more
abouteventsinvestchoose anchorageinteractive data toolsresearch & reportsvideo resources



stay in touch

followfollowfollowfollow








join our newsletter





thank you for subscribing.
something went wrong.


join over 3.000 visitors who are receiving our newsletter and learn how to optimize your blog for search engines, find free traffic, and monetize your website.
we hate spam. your email address will not be sold or shared with anyone else.













 




 







































