









about us














































i lost/found a pet
view our animals
newsroom
report stray/deceased animal


 


 sunday, feb 16 2025 

 







 














 


home | contact us | donate now  | strep zoo faq | subscribe to e-newsletter



 







 


 


 
about ushistory of seaacamissionemploymentseaaca servicesdirectionsseaaca fact checkdonatestatisticsnewsroomadoptionsadoption process & holdsanimal interactionsfront office teamview our animalsdog ownership tipscat ownership tipsothers as petsfacilitylooking for a lost petcare center info & hoursspay and neuter infocats/kittensresourcesclinicclinic hourspost adoption servicesspay and neuter infovaccinationsmicrochippingbig meowfield servicesfield services and rescuesanimal crueltybarking dogsanimal bitesdogs running at largecats/kittenshumane educationwildlifecoyotesskunkssquirrelsbatsgeneric snakesopossumsraccoonsrabbitslicensinglicensing informationcity license informationcommunity partnerscommunity partnersadoption partnersnewsroomvolunteersvolunteerfoster program 











 


 


  


  


 


 


 





looking for a lost pet?

every day seaaca rescues animals. if you have lost your pet or want to adopt, these are the pets in our care center...
read more



licensing program

a license is your dog’s call home-it is not only a good idea, it’s the law. click below for more information...
read more



cats/kittens


cats in my community?i found kittens, what do i do?
read more











services
with the support of its board of commissioners and dedicated staff, seaaca is committed to providing programs for the caring of abandoned and unwanted pets, reuniting lost pets with their families and matching new homes for adoptable pets. seaaca promotes responsible pet ownership by providing educational information, ensuring access to spay or neuter services at a reasonable cost and insisting people accept the fact their pets are members of the family.
seaaca provides sheltering of lost animals and vaccinations clinics. seaaca enforces state and local laws related to animals such as leashing, licensing and animal cruelty.
compliments from our community
from one of seaaca’s adoption partners:
“…i just wanted to drop a line to let you know two of your employees are both great individuals to work with. it sure does make a huge difference when working with such big hearted people. we look forward to helping many more dogs with you in the future. keep up the good work… …the front office clerks have always really made me feel very welcome! it makes all the difference in the world!”
from one of seaaca’s adoption partners:
“thank you so all so much for your very hard work. we cannot tell you how grateful we are for your help, kindness and compassion… it has been wonderful working with you and we look forward to rescuing many more dogs together!”
 from one of seaaca’s adopters:
“…she has been very supportive and encouraging ever since i started visiting the facility more on a regular basis for the search of one of my dogs that went missing a year ago.”
 




address: 
          9777 seaaca street 
          downey, ca 90241


phone: (562) 803-3301 
fax: (562) 803-3676










 
if you need assistance viewing the contents of this website please contact us by phone at (562) 803-3301 or during our office hours at 9777 seaaca street, downey, ca 90241. 

 





found a pet?

print and post a sign to alert your neighbors that you recently found a lost pet.

click here



kitten fosters needed

your home could provide the perfect temporary space, until they are big and strong enough to get adopted! sign up to save kittens



we provide a variety of services, including:

animal sheltering
adoption partners
field service and rescues
wildlife rescue/ education
humane education
licensing services
pet adoption services
veterinary clinic services
volunteer opportunities
finding a lost pet
















address:  9777 seaaca street  downey, ca 90241  seaaca.org
phone: (562) 803-3301 fax: (562) 803-3676


proudly serving the cities of bell gardens, bellflower, buena park, downey, lakewood, la palma, montebello, norwalk, paramount, pico rivera, santa fe springs, south el monte, south gate and vernon.
hours and services may be subject to change without notice.  please call to confirm hours and services.
 




southeast area animal control authority (seaaca) privacy policy
 









