



sausagemania.com - make delicious sausage at home tonight - sausage making recipes, advice and more!








home | meat grinders | sausage 
    stuffers | sausage casings | e-mail 
      sausagemania |  new! sausage photo 
        tutorial | sausagemania recipes |more 
          sausagemania recipes | motorize 
a grinder | tips | links | kippermania | loxmania | new! pestomania | new! even more sausagemania recipes! | new! lox making photo tutorial | new! caviarmania | new! porcini sausage! 


how to make delicious sausage at home — everything you need to know for sure-fire success!

sausagemania.com is a free, non-commercial sausage website  devoted to the art of gourmet sausage-making. sausagemania.com features  tips on making mouth-watering homemade sausage, recipes, resources and sausage-related links. there are also instructions on motorizing your meat grinder and a wonderful brand new photo tutorial on sausage making. sausagemania is the web's best sausage site, 
      created to convince people that anyone can make excellent sausages (as well 
      as kippered salmon, lox, caviar and pesto sauce) without a big investment in equipment. 
although sausagemania has been on the web since 2001, making it one of the oldest web resources for sausage making, it was extensively revised, with new photos, new pages and new links, starting in december, 2011. 
sausagemania will also give you step-by-step instructions on how to set yourself 
      up for sausage-making, how to avoid common sausage-making pitfalls, where 
      to order fine-quality sausage paraphernalia and supplies... and many other 
      pointers that will help you make professional sausages from the get-go!
sorry,  no game recipes...... all sausagemania sausage recipes call for pure 
      pork..... with 20 to 30% fat..... no preservatives other than good old nacl... 
      that is, sodium chloride, a.k.a. salt..... which is the latin root of the 
      word "sausage" itself! no veal, beef, fish, potatoes, tripe, mutton, 
      venison, moose, caribou, antelope, kangaroo, jackrabbit, armadillo, opossum, 
      rattlesnake, razor clams, wildebeest or elephant..... nothing but good, old pork, "the other white meat."
a few wise words about grinders
if you 
      can get unseasoned ground pork, you really don't need a grinder to turn out 
      excellent sausages. costco regularly carries unseasoned ground 
      pork, about 20-25% fat. as of december, 2011 costco ground pork is selling for $2.29/lb. here in anchorage, where we have to pay the freight from seattle. so "outside" (which is how we alaskans refer to "the lower 48"), it should be somewhat less costly.
 store-bought sausages sell for $4.99-$8.99/lb, and sometimes even more. even including the cost of seasonings
      and casing, and amortizing the cost of your stuffer (and/or grinder), you'll
      be getting custom-made sausage at bargain prices, plus you get all the excitement
      of actually making it yourself. and..... last but not least.... you will
      know exactly what goes into your sausages! keep otto von bismarck's famous saying in mind: "one should never be present when laws or sausage are being made," unless you make it yourself, that is!
but
      if you insist on grinding your own meat, the grinder you need is really
      dictated
      by the amount of sausage you plan to make at each session. a cusinart or
      even
      a small "walmart special" grinder will suffice if all you are making
      is two or three pounds in a session. but for quantities over 10-15 lbs.,
      you
      need something bigger and better. 
chop-rite, of harleysville, pa, has been making cast iron hand grinders from the same 
      molds for more than 100 years (although the company changed hands twice in 
      the last century). their #22 bolt-down hand grinder, which takes standard 
      #22 blades and plates, is a sturdy machine that will outlast you and your 
      kids. chop-rite sells a flywheel, by special order
        only, to replace the hand crank, so 
      that the machine can be motorized. we've used a motorized 
      #22 chop-rite grinder for 35 years. it's over-powered, with a 3/4hp motor 
      (the manufacturer recommends a 1/3hp motor), but it will grind five pounds 
      a minute (that's 300 lbs/hour!) for hours at a time (we've used it for butchering 
      moose and caribou).
there 
      are various high-end home grinders, built like miniature commercial ones, 
      but in the $350-500 price range. commercial grinders make no sense at all 
      for the home or hobbyist sausage maker. they cost thousands of dollars new 
      and are extremely heavy: definitely not recommended for homemade sausage!








are we still  having fun? this was a 100-lb. day!









sausagemania 
    sausage recipes include:








• sweet 
              italian sausage with wild fennel
• sweet spanish sausage with 
              white raisins
• sage-and-savory breakfast 
              sausages
• portuguese linguica with 
              spanish sherry
• cajun chaurice
• alsatian christmas sausage
• hungarian raisin sausage 
              • andouille
• spanish chorizo
• new! russian fruit sausage
• new! italian porcini sausage










special feature! if you 
        have microsoft excel on your computer, you can download an excel version of 
        the sausagemania sausage recipe automated  ingredient calculator by clicking here. 
        (the file should download to your machine and then automatically open in excel.) 
        each recipe is set for one pound of ground pork; all you do is enter the actual 
        weight of ground pork you have on hand, and all the other ingredients will 
        be automatically calculated for you! 



here's a screenshot of sausagemania's free excel spreadsheet ingredient calculator. just enter the weight, in pounds, of your ground sausage mix (the orange number), and all the other ingredients will instantly be calculated. columns i, ii and iii are all the same quantities, but in different units, for ease of use. for example, in row25, "salt," it shows 8 tablespoons, or 1/2 cup. use the cup measurement for the larger-quantity ingredients. (because the spreadsheet "rounds down," very small quantities, such as "cayenne pepper" in row 14, show up as "zero" cups.) just use the most convenient column.









happiness is 65 lbs of sausage meat in the bin, waiting to be stuffed! (and a sample link, cooked and ready to eat, on the side. not to mention the bottle of corona beer.)







visit the new sausagemania blog and tell us what you think!
              (or ask us a question!) 








| sausage casings | e-mail 
      sausagemania |  new! sausage photo 
          tutorial | sausagemania recipes |more 
            sausagemania recipes | motorize 
              a grinder | tips | links | kippermania | loxmania | new! pestomania | new! even more sausagemania recipes! | new! lox making photo tutorial | new! caviarmania | new! porcini sausage!







 


