


mysolar




















































                                            see how much it will cost to install solar panels for your home
                                        








calculate cost




                               enter a valid 5-digit us zip code
                            







our estimates used by






everything you need to know about solar panels for home



how much do solar panels cost for a home?
the average cost of residential solar panels in the us in 2024 is now only $2.90 per watt. this makes a 7 kw system only $14,210 after claiming the federal tax credit. we have developed the home solar cost estimator to calculate the actual amount it will cost to install solar panels on your home based on your electricity use and the current prices of solar providers near you. it also shows monthly payments for $0 money down solar systems.



are $0 down solar panels offers legit?
“free solar panels” refers to a zero-down solar system where the monthly electric bill savings are more than the monthly solar payment. in this case, you are making a profit without ever having spent any money. these offers are legitimate in states with higher electricity prices and/or strong solar incentives. the estimator will tell you if this is possible for your specific location.



can i buy solar panels and install them myself?
absolutely. however, you need an electrical contractor’s license as a minimum and in many states, you also need to either have a specific solar license or be a nabcep-certified installer. permitting and utility approvals can also be tricky and this is why over 95% of homeowners get a professional solar company to do the whole job.



do i have to do any maintenance on solar panels?
there is no regular maintenance required on solar panels. you may want to clean them if you live in a climate that does not get rain for long periods or if they are installed on a flat or shallow sloping roof. however, that is about it for regular maintenance.



how many solar panels do i need to power my home?
the average home requires a 7 kw solar system which is 20 x 350-watt panels. however, this varies a lot by state and the amount of electricity you use. the estimator will tell you how many solar panels you need to power your home based on your location and the amount you spend on electricity.



how long do solar panels last?
solar panels last a minimum of 25 years but many premium brands now offer 30-year warranties.



get started










how does a home solar power system work?

                    traditionally most residential solar power systems were simply solar panels and an inverter. you don’t need to store the solar power for night use because net metering laws give you a credit for excess solar you export to the public grid and these credits cover the nighttime power you need to buy. these systems are known as “grid connect” or “grid-tied” solar systems.
                

                    this video shows how these systems operate over the cycle of a day.  however, with time of use electric billing coming in soon more people are starting to add energy storage batteries to their solar system. this is not only to store excess solar power but also to charge at off-peak times and provide a source of power during expensive peak times.  these systems don’t yet offer the quick payback grid-tied systems do but are cool if you can afford to spend a little more.
                








solar panel calculator
our solar panels calculator uses satellite imagery and advanced algorithms to generate solar information customized specifically to your situation.

get started






what our solar calculator will tell you



how many solar panels you need
our calculator can work out your electric use based on your location and power spend. it then factors in solar generation at your location to determine exactly how many panels your home needs. 



solar tax credits & rebates available to you
the 30% tax credit and net metering (selling your surplus power to the grid at the retail rate) - are just some of the many incentives available to homeowners. see which other incentives apply to you.



solar panel costs in 2024
based on your location and energy use, we’ll tell you the right system size for you in kilowatts as well as how much roof space you’ll need for it. you’ll even be able to see how the solar panels will look on your roof.



your savings from solar
your return on your solar investment will depend on many factors such as energy rates, your state and utilities’ policies, and your energy usage and generation. our calculator will take all these factors into account and show you cash flow, roi (return on investment), payback period and more.



the best installation companies where you live
we work with accredited local solar installers who will provide you with exact bids for a solar panel system for your home. all the companies we work with pass a rigorous screening process and have high review scores on consumer review website solarreviews. 



the solar system size that’s right for your home
based on your location and energy use, we’ll tell you the right system size for you in kilowatts - as well as how much roof space you’ll need for it. you’ll even be able to see which part of your roof is best for solar, and how the solar panels will look on there. 



get started



 

