








nanny needed? find nannies, nanny services, nanny agency & nanny jobs













toggle navigation













 find a job
                        

 find a caregiver
                        











sign in
sign up
run a background check
run a personality assessment
























get started now! 



  find a job
                        



  hire a caregiver
                        














 

by creating your account you are agreeing to our terms of use and
                                      privacy policy.








start your search now
                                sign up for free!
                                hire a caregiver or
                                find a job today!



affordable background checks
run a comprehensive background check on any caregiver for one low, affordable price.
run a background check








nanny certification






                        take 10% off nanny certification at nannytraining.com


                            use code: nannytraining








nanny magazine






                            take 10% off a one year digital subscription to nanny magazine


                            use code: enanny









testimonials









your team is amazing. thank you so much for making my hiring process a little easier. you guys are great! i'm an enanny[source] user for life.
brittany









thanks so much. thank you for offering such a great service and for the great customer service. it has made my life much easier
monique









enannysource was a fantastic resource for us. it took us only a week to find the nanny to fit our situation. thank you!
kim 









this has been a great customer service experience. i appreciate how communicative you've been! running a background check is an important step toward finding a person i trust to watch my children, and it's nice to know that your team is so thorough in making sure you have the right information on my candidates.
kati 








thank you very much! the service worked very well for us, and one of our friends!  we are spreading the word about it!
marlo 








thank you. i appreciate all of your help with finding a nanny. it has been a pleasure to work with such nice people and a complete website.
heather 








you have a very good, low cost site for finding candidates.
mark 








thank you soo much.  we just hired a nanny from your site.  yours was the best at having candidates call me or return an e-mail. quickly. again, thank you
sharon 








i found someone reliable and kind. thank you so much! i could not have done it without your help.
damaris 








first, i would like to say thank you!!!  i have found a fantastic nanny with your help and appreciate all the tips/advice. being a first time mom, this is all foreign to me.
raechel 








my wife and i would like to take time to thank your organization. we found our first nanny on your website. she worked out great. we were devastated when she gave us her two weeks notice to help out her family, but also understood. we posted our family again on your site and got some great matches! our new nanny starts next wednesday and we can not wait. thank you for all your help.
michael and kim 








just a quick note to say i've enjoyed using your service so far. within a few short weeks we found an excellent candidate for our open part-time nanny position. she starts today. i found the service easy to use and friendly.
amy 








your website is wonderful!!!
silvia 








i am not renewing my membership as i found a great nanny already through your site! i found the site/service very easy to use and navigate. i thought the quality of the nannies on your site was very good, also. many thanks.
lisa 








we have had great success on your web site for the second time. we found our first nanny through enannysource.com. she was with us for a year before she relocated. we just found her replacement through your web site as well. we have also tried using traditional nanny agencies, but the selection of candidates is not nearly as vast as on enannysource.
julie 








thank you so much for your help. you are a great service and i have found you very helpful.
chandell 








i oversee a customer service center and i can only hope my reps are as responsive and nice as you were! please share this with your company!
marnie 








thank you so much for this wonderful site! i was in a pinch due to a job/schedule change, and needed a nanny quickly. i looked into some local day-care facilities - and those places were not for me! your site saved me! as a single, working mother, it was such a relief to have a one-stop-shop where i could review profiles and make matches based on my priorities. i have hired 2 nannies from your site, (the first one moved onto a full time position; i was only needing her part time) and both have been wonderful. my children love their new nanny, and it has been such a great experience to welcome these young women into my home.
amy 








we seemed to have found a nanny thru your service once again. i really have to say that you have a great website and your daily mails keep the ideas fresh in our mind. great job on your end and thanks again.
eli 








thanks for your wonderful website. [our new nanny] started with us this week and so far everything is great. i have hired through agencies before with steep finder's fees so your site is quite a bargain. the site is very easy to navigate and your nanny success kit info is quite thorough. thanks again for a fantastic service!!
suzi 








i really like enanny. you are incredibly responsive!
linda 








thank you! your speed and customer service are fabulous. i’ll recommend this company to all of my friends running checks and we will absolutely use you in the future. just, wow!!!!
amber 








gonannies and enannysource have been a great help to our family for several years. we employ a full-time live-in caregiver for our daughter who is disabled. gonannies and enannysource provide matching with excellent candidates, but also great support and safety processes. lorin, the operations manager, is one of the most helpful people i’ve encountered. she has helped us not only with site navigation, but has provided invaluable tips and guidance for performing optimal searches and background checks. finally, the sites offer various types of background checks to help reassure us that we are hiring someone worthy of our trust. thank you gonannies and enannysource!
louise 








most times when you communicate with a company you don't get far. i value the communication, help, dedication, and professional service i experienced. thank you for being simply amazing!
roseann 















































protect your family
take your child's safety seriously and request a county court record search and national database check.
our background checks are state-of-the-art in their completeness and breadth of coverage and are designed speficially for nannies and caregivers. our secure online process is quick and easy and we are fully fcra compliant.



request a background check
learn more



request a background check


learn more






as seen on






















proud partners

















home
search
post a job
nannies
families
hire a summer nanny
finding nannies in your city
los angeles nannies
philadelphia nannies
dallas nannies
boston nannies






contact us
sitemap
terms of use
privacy policy
facebook
twitter
background checks
background check disputes
san francisco nannies
san jose nannies
denver nannies





about us
how it works
learning center
faqs
blog
login
new york nannies
houston nannies
san diego nannies
seattle nannies
corporate care











                    mailing address:
                    22136 westheimer pkwy #704
                    katy, tx 77450
                    ©copyright 2001-2025
                    enannysource.com
                    all rights reserved
                









contact us



(888) 963-7561
info@enannysource.com



 get voicemail? please fill out our contact form or send an email to info@enannysource.com for a faster response.










































