


  








































vagisil - vaginal itching relief, dryness & odor protection














































    skip to main content




      




          products    itch relief  yeast infection treatment dryness relief  cleansing & freshness supplements all products   ingredients     our story     where to buy    
  
main navigation


products




ingredients




our story




where to buy





        




 

usa







  
change your country

north america




usa







canada (en)







canada (fr)







mexico



south america




brazil







argentina



europe




uk







italy







germany







netherlands







spain



asia/pacific




australia







new zealand







middle east (en)







الشرق الأوسط





    
user account menu


log in


create new account



   search       



new! vagisil® supplements are here




   








join vagisil® rewards




start with instant savings














enter your email to receive instant savings — $2 off in-store via email.


















by opting in, you agree to our terms of service & privacy policy. you may opt out at any time.









      from therapeutic treatments to daily care products, we’re always innovating to address women’s intimate personal care needs.   what can we help you with today?     cleansing & freshness     itch relief     yeast infection treatment     supplements     dryness relief       shop products          
       clinically proven to help maintain a healthy ph   ph balance daily intimate wash     
   tested by gynecologists & dermatologists.    trusted by women.          anti-itch cremes   #1 medicinal treatment line for vulvar itch.        daily intimate washes   ph balanced & gentle for the vulvar area and all over.        medicated anti-itch wipes   #1 vulvar itch wipes with real medicine for real relief.        freshening sprays   feel fresh & clean between showers.        yeast infection treatments   #1 anti-fungal ingredient at a lower price.        cleansing wipes   feel clean & fresh at home or on the go      new   supplements   designed to support vaginal and urinary health from the inside out*     
    everything
  vagisil® is:
         developed by our expert team of female scientists
     made with quality cosmetic, medicinal & botanical ingredients
     tested by gynecologists & dermatologists
     hypoallergenic
     
         passionately developed by women for women
  did you know vagisil® is a family business that’s woman-owned and led? our expert team of scientists is also led by women. there’s a reason we’re still going strong after 50 years — our products work. 
   our story
          we believe in ingredients with purpose
  we formulate with a wide spectrum of gentle, effective, cosmetic, medicinal & botanical ingredients, diligently reviewed for safety by our internal safety experts & independent expert panels. 
   our ingredients
          50 years of empathy & expertise
  we connect with thousands of women around the world every year. we’d love to hear from you. leave a review or contact us.
   contact us
      
    tested, trusted,   loved.       maximum strength anti-itch creme   “this product has instantly become a classic for me, it is the only thing that has helped to relieve itching symptoms. vagisil has done it again!”   – walmart customer     odor block® wash   “definitely a product every girl needs in her shower, especially if you struggle with any type of body odor. some days i even use it for a body wash.”   – amazon customer     scentsitive scents® wash   “perfect for my super sensitive skin! smells amazing too! would highly recommend & will be buying again.”   – amazon customer      
  what’s trending
 







odor block® wash







ph balance wash







healthy detox spray







odor block® wipes







 
   *these statements have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration. this product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.     




      





    faqs  contact us  rewards  
   terms of use  privacy policy  accessibility  supplier code of conduct  
     
join vagisil® rewards
start with instant savings!


  













   terms of use  privacy policy  accessibility  supplier code of conduct  
      




































































