









home - florida lake management society














































































 







skip to content



























































 
homeannouncements flms photography & short film contest flms photography contest flms short film contest latest news job postingsthe society membership the board elections bylaws & policies awards of excellence history contactschapters and workshops cam/citizen workshops technical workshops local workshop registration central florida ne florida nw florida se chapter sw floridagrants the dean g. barber love your lake program shoreline grants program past award recipientsannual symposium 2025 registration program call for abstracts symposium hotel exhibitors & sponsors workshops travel grants ceu’s & pdh’s after hours excursions here’s your flms 2025 need to know!! past proceedingspublications newslettersresources continuous monitoring useful links educational resources loan center








 





home


supporting aquatic science and resources since 1987 
we’re more than just lake managers!  we’re limnologists, hydrologists, biologists, geologists and, well, you get the gist! the mission of the florida lake management society is to promote protection, enhancement, conservation, restoration and management of florida’s aquatic resources; provide a forum for education and information exchange; and advocate environmentally sound and economically feasible lake and aquatic resources management for the citizens of florida.

your 2024-25 flms board of directors
call for abstracts is out for flms 2025!
it’s time to submit your placeholder abstract for review.  the deadline is april 15, yep, tax day!  click here to view the full call for abstracts and deadlines.
find your new career today!
visit our job posting page to see who has openings.  do you have a position to post?  please send us a link to the listing and we will add it to our page for you.
support science, donate today!
the florida lake management society (flms) is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. federal id # 52-1754014.  a copy of the official registration and financial information may be obtained from the division of consumer services by calling toll-free within the state, 1-800-435-7352. registration does not imply endorsement, approval, or recommendation by the state.  flms receives 100% of each charitable contribution. state registration ch3578.

help support great lake management science.  donate any amount today!

















latest headlines











fwc to host virtual public meetings on bass taxonomy rule updates 









epa launches new initiative to tackle pfas, identify emerging contaminants in water 









continued success in native planting efforts enhances lake apopka’s health 











read more











upcoming events










april 2025



15
                            apr                        
short abstract due

                            tuesday                         

event detail

june 2025



01
                            jun                        
final abstract due

                            sunday                         

event detail

july 2025



28
                            jul                        
room block cut off

                            monday                         

event detail





        no event found!    
load more






*dates are subject to change










career opportunities






click here to view the current list of job postings or submit your opening.







job listings































contact: maryann krisovitch . maryann@flms.net . address: 6701 lake kirkland drive, clermont, fl 34714
© copyright 2020 - florida lake management society. all rights reserved | privacy policy









 






 

 




















































































loading comments...



 



													you must be logged in to post a comment.												



































































skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset












