























physicians weight loss centers














member loginjoin today
franchise opportunity
call today (800) 205-7887









toggle navigation







weight loss programsonline programsvlcd 800thermogenic lcd 1000physiciansfast® mrpsemaglutide + b12in-center programs & servicesvlcd 700thermogenic lcd 1000physiciansfast® mrplipogenicsour staffsupport servicesdiet products
find a center
shop products
our storyletter from the ceoour leadership teambefore & after storiescontact usresourcesnutritional quizzesbody composition analysisbody mass calculatordieting newsexercise videosfaqsuseful links


franchise opportunity
call today (800) 205-7887
join todaymember login

























































our clients have lost over 52½ million pounds!
what sets physicians weight loss centers apart is that we are with you every day, every pound of the way!we have developed four distinct and effective weight loss systems to meet the different lifestyle needs of each individual. and now we have the option of incorporating the new prescription weight loss medication semaglutide + b12 with each program. find the program that works for you.































×
auto delivery


								never run out of your favorite products again!
								our new auto delivery option allows you to purchase products at a discounted rate when you schedule them for recurring delivery.
								a link for selecting auto delivery appears above the “add to cart” button on eligible product pages.
							

ok



















find your center or call (800) 205-7887




home
weight loss programs
franchise opportunity
locations
contact us
sitemap




				© 1998-2025 pwlc internet company, llc, an hmg internet distribution company and agent for physicians weight loss centers® of america, inc.
				physicians weight loss centers® of america inc. is a health management group™ company. all rights reserved.

legal notices & privacy policy 
					  |   returns & refunds 
					  |   accessibility 
					  |   health management group



please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility

