





siberian husky rescue of florida, inc.








 






 




 





























 
 




adopters: 
                  please update your info instantly.







 


florida's premier siberian husky rescue organization  
established 1999 - dogs saved to date: 1520



welcome


 from 
              our entire organization, both two and four footed alike.  we would 
              like to thank you for visiting our site and hope you will bookmark 
          us and visit again as our site is always changing! 











 

 
            can you look into these eyes and not want to 
            help?




















siberian 
          huskies require a long-term commitment to obedience, activity, 
          exercise and entertainment. their unique character, intelligence and 
          high energy level can frustrate you, will undoubtedly entertain you, 
          and can bring you great joy (when they're happy!) or great grief (when 
          they're not!). if this type of relationship does not appeal to you, 
          then consider another breed. siberian huskies are always a work in progress! 
          many people take it as a challenge when we say "siberian huskies are 
          not for everyone". it's not that we are saying that you are not "good" 
          enough to care for one. instead, we are saying that the dog may not 
          be what you are really looking for to fit in with your family. take 
          your time and browse through our web site. a "husky knowledgeable" person 
          will make the best choice (to adopt or buy a siberian husky or look 
          at a different breed) based upon his/her own circumstances. for more 
          information on the siberian husky please visit our siberian husky education 
        page. 

our 
            rescue is now offering avid micro-chipping clinics.
            please e-mail us at found@siberrescue.com 
            for more information.  


**all 
            shrf dogs adopted before we started chipping can get chipped for free. 
            just contact us at found@siberrescue.com 
            and let us know what event we are holding 
            that you can attend and we will microchip your shrf dog for free!!!
you must 
            bring your adoption contract as proof you have a shrf dog. 
would 
            you like to be a foster home 
            or a volunteer?  

"fostering" a siberian husky until it is permanently adopted would 
            be a service more valuable to us than a donation. there is always 
            a shortage of foster homes. in fact, most of the time we have a waiting 
            list of 3 to 4 months before we can take in any new dogs, as we are 
            unable to add any more into our system. do you think you could foster 
            one of these wonderful fur babies until they are placed into adoption? 
            if not, due to where you live or your work/family commitments, then 
            perhaps volunteer work is for you. as a volunteer you can help us 
            find a new home by doing interviews and home inspections. you may 
            also be able to help us in transporting, id'ing a dog, veterinary 
            work, recruiting a veterinary clinic/hospital that may be willing 
            to help out with discounted services, plus many other things that 
            may help us in our efforts. if interested in fostering or being a 
            volunteer please fill out an application by clicking the links on 
            the left at the top of this page.
 




© 
            shrf, inc. copyright 2006 all rights reserved





 

foster 
                alert! 

we 
                are in desperate need of foster homes to help save more siberians 
                from neglect, abuse, abandonment and illness. we can not save 
                these precious fur balls without your help. if you can open your 
                heart and home to just one fur ball you can make a difference! 
                by becoming a foster you are not only saving a life, you are helping 
                give a siberian a chance at a new home...a new life! can you look 
                into this fur baby's eyes and not want to help? click here 
                to find out more!



 









if 
                  you find any problems with links or images please notify the webmaster


 










