
















19th judicial circuit court, il | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 














facebook








x (twitter)








youtube








linkedin








instagram










 
 












search







 
 














 
 
 


    our organization      services & programs      resources      information for…       i want to...  


 

 

 

 

 









 














juror information








court forms










 
 














center forself-representationauto-representación








remote courthearings (zoom)










 
 














court rules& orders








accessibility &security info










 
 
 

























 














popular linksfind what you're looking for quickly
 






  
 













court employment opportunities



campus contacts







court calendars



probation services







search court records (online portal)



faqs









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














news from the courtsee what's happening
 






  
 
 















menas named associate judge of the nineteenth judicial circuit 


chief judge daniel b. shanes is delighted to announce that deborah j. menas has been elected by the circuit judges of the nineteenth judicial circuit and will become lake county’s newest associate judge.			additional info...







lake county judges will visit local classrooms as part of the judicial reading project 


in conjunction with the february celebration of the life and legacy of abraham lincoln, lake county judges will be among the many illinois judges to deliver a program to grade school students based on the popular children’s book, abe lincoln’s hat.			






nineteenth judicial circuit 2025 upcoming events for students of lake county 


the judges of the nineteenth judicial circuit are proud to announce the following events which will take place in 2025: high school mock trial, page it forward, law merit badge, and law day.			additional info...











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 















 





 






  
 
 



 














facilities & branch officeslearn more about each one
 






  
 
 














lake county courthousewaukegan








juvenile court, probation & detention servicesvernon hills








lake county criminal court towerwaukegan








mundelein branch courtmundelein










 
 














adult probation & psychological serviceswaukegan








north branch courtround lake beach








lake county arbitration centerwaukegan








park city branch courtpark city










 
 
 



 







contact us







lake county courthouse18 n county streetwaukegan, il 60085phone: 847-377-3600see all of our facilitiesget press release notifications
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







calendars and schedules



copier, fax, and printing services



court forms



courthouse security brief



court interpreters









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







faqs








what are our hours of operations?


how can i get married by a judge? 


my court date was yesterday and i missed it, what do i do?


is there a library where the public can do legal research?


how do i pay a fine?








/faq.aspx




 
 



  
 







site links







home



site map



accessibility



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 







government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 








chat with us,
            powered by livechat




 
 
 















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









