






home | norcal boxer rescue













































































facebookinstagramtwitteryoutube 


0shopping carthome
growing old with you
adopt us

process & requirements
boxers & children
available boxers
courtesy listings


help us

fostering
dogs in need
volunteering
donating
tributes
planned giving
wwb program for senior boxers
meghan’s fund


events

events
strut your mutt 2019
strut your mutt 2018
strut your mutt 2017
strut your mutt 2016


our alumni

happy homes
rainbow bridge


about the boxer

boxer basics
boxer temperament
boxer health
training resources
white & deaf boxers
senior boxers


about us

about us
contact us
supporters
national database project
mailing list sign-up
privacy policy



search





menu



 






welcome to norcal boxer rescue
available boxers
looking for your new family member? visit our available boxers page to find your fur-buddy today!

alanitexastankripcarolinaleiladozerlukamochielliesergeanttiduszekezeusleroymattieschatziemegmojooregoncalidakotatravibutterbeanannabelleapolloodieroscoerebelirisbingosierramabelroxanne
news & information
 calendars are shipping now! enjoy a year of boxers and save lives in the process
over 75 beautiful boxer faces grace the pages of norcal boxer rescue’s 2025 calendar. order your calendar now and it will be shipped in time for gift-giving season!
 
 ready, norcal boxer rescue family? get set … strut!
ten years ago, ncbr participated in its first-ever strut your mutt fundraiser. last year, we branched out on our own with wigglebutt strut, and raised more funds than ever for ncbr’s dogs.
this year, we asked, “how can we save even more boxers?”
the answer was clear: invite more boxer rescues to strut with us!
we are excited to announce that, led by ncbr, wigglebutt strut is now hosting a coalition of boxer rescues across the west coast! each participating boxer rescue is raising funds for their own organization, but all of us share the common goal of seeing every homeless boxer receive the care and love they deserve.
you know the drill: register for free to join ncbr’s team, and then share your boxer rescue story with friends and family!
join ncbr’s team!
there will be fundraising challenges, prizes, and some friendly competition in which everyone is a winner … but most importantly, you’ll receive the satisfaction of knowing that you are making a direct, life-saving impact for a boxer in need.
so strut on, friends! together, we can put the wiggle back in some boxer butts!

 
 
a few of our very lucky boxers have had their adoption fees sponsored!  this means these specific guys and gals can be adopted without the usual required adoption fee. for more information on these boxers, please visit their profiles as each of them are looking for their forever homes and maybe that is with you!

roxanne

zeus

 

 
 
thanks to our many generous donors, norcal boxer rescue is able to pull boxers from local shelters that have extensive and sometimes very urgent medical needs. you may notice that we have several boxers on “vet hold” as they are currently under veterinary treatment for various ailments. some of our recent medical pulls like leroy and riley, among others that are currently on vet hold, are highlighted below. if you’d like to sponsor a particular boxer, you can easily do so through the sponsor me button on their individual pages.


zeke

leroy

schatzie

tank






 

 
 donor spotlight: doreen murotsune

for many of us who give our hearts, time, or dollars to rescue, we are first inspired by the love of a single special dog. that was the case for doreen murotsune, whose life was touched by a beautiful ncbr alumna named hana. hana belonged to friends of doreen, but doreen and her boxer, benjamin, fell in love with her. benjamin and hana were best friends, and benjamin was always on the lookout for hana and ready to protect her from any yappy chihuahua who tried to intimidate her.
when hana passed away, doreen began giving to ncbr because she was grateful for the time she had spent with hana and because she knew hana could easily have lost her life years sooner without ncbr’s intervention.
doreen continues to be moved – sometimes to tears – by each dog’s story. in addition to being an active strut your mutt teammate for each of the past 5 years, doreen browses the boxers in our care and sponsors many dogs whose stories warm her heart. doreen is deeply invested in ncbr’s mission of providing personal, attentive care to its dogs. she not only sponsors dogs with single or repeat financial gifts, but also inquires about dogs with prescription diet needs and then purchases those diets on an autoship schedule, having the food mailed directly to foster homes. doreen keeps our dogs’ bellies full, and our hearts full!
we so appreciate doreen’s dedication to each dog. thank you, doreen, for caring so much about dogs like those you’ve loved!
 
 planned giving





if you have ever loved a dog, you know that – while their lives are short in comparison to ours – the love you share is timeless.  when the nose prints on your windows have faded and the lint trap in your dryer stops filling with fur, your heart still swells remembering the sparkle in your dog’s eyes when he gazed at you, the weight of her paw on your lap, or his happy invitation to play.  one way to honor the enduring nature of a dog’s love by making a gift that will endure beyond your life.
by including norcal boxer rescue in your will or trust or naming the organization as a beneficiary on certain accounts, you ensure that for years to come, ncbr is able to continue rescuing boxers, providing them the care they need, and uniting them with families who will love them forever.
dogs are an incredibly important part of our lives.  you can make them a part of your heritage. click here to learn about the different options.





 
 growing old with you



we know that the best place for an old dog is home with loved ones.  norcal boxer rescue has partnered with the grey muzzle organization, a national organization that envisions a world where every senior dog thrives and no senior dog dies alone and afraid, to develop the “growing old with you” program. we can provide up to $1,000 support for veterinary expenses to help people welcome a new senior boxer into their home or keep the senior boxer they already love.
click here to find out more about the growing old with you program.


 
 grey muzzle thank you!


we are so honored to be a grey muzzle organization grantee again this year! thanks to grey muzzle’s support, the next 10 senior boxers who are adopted will come with up to $1000 of post-adoption support, which will be reimbursed to adopters for any veterinary need that arises within the first year of adoption.  we know that many of you have a soft spot for frosted faces, but that the cost of caring for a senior boxer has given you pause when it comes to adopting one.  we hope that this support will give you the security you need to give your heart away to a beautiful older soul.   thank you, grey muzzle, for trusting in us and for supporting our efforts!  we are grateful for your partnership!






 
 thank you, hoven foundation.


each dog who enters our lives is a gift.  they bring us untold joy and share with us their unconditional love.  they teach us to be better people.  for nearly 10 years, the hoven foundation has not only appreciated the gift that each dog represents, but they have given back generously.  the continued support of the hoven foundation has meant the difference between life and death for countless beautiful souls.  thank you to the hoven foundation for what you give to our dogs and, in turn, to all those whose lives those dogs touch.







 join our mailing list!
donate to ncbr
your generosity is what enables us to continue our mission to “leave no boxer behind.”  regardless of a boxer’s age or potential health issues, they all deserve a second chance at a well-lived and well-loved life.
donate
ncbr is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit and donations are tax deductible.


we now accept vehicle donations!
donate your car, boat, rv, motorcycle or farm equipment. we’ll pick it up whenever you want – for free! and we’ll get the most value from your donated vehicle. plus you get a tax deduction!


call 855-500-ride to donate or learn more.


upcoming events

see all events

 no events found


follow us

follow us on facebook where we post lots of pictures and information!
woof woof! we tweet too!
check out our youtube channel for videos of our available boxers!


   

available boxers 





mattie




travi







privacy policy
terms and conditionsjoin our email list





												email address											







												first name											







												last name											







												general interest											


												california											


												general interest											


												website sign-ups											


												facebook fans											


												texas											
sign-ups via ncbr.org








 join now! 









sponsors & friends of ncbr.org:online casinos elite


© copyright - norcal boxer rescue 













































scroll to top



