











home – city of cheyenne bopu
























































opens in new tab or window 






president's day

the board of public utilities offices (2416 snyder ave.) will close in observance of president’s day (2/17/2025). reach us at 307-637-6471 for water and/or sewer emergencies 24/7. fun fact - 1880 ulysses s. grant was one of the earliest recorded united states presidents to visit cheyenne.

close this announcement






skip to main content








quick links


customer servicereport a problem or emergency



english (united states) select this as your preferred languagespanish select this as your preferred language



            select a language to translate to
		




english (united states) select this as your preferred languagespanish select this as your preferred language









					city of cheyenne board of public utilities - home - logo
					




menu





search












view & pay my bill



residential
sub-menu

billing & ratessub-menu

utility billingunderstanding your billwater & sewer ratesservices & informationsub-menu

backflowproperty owner's responsibilityreceived a letter from us?file a claimoutside service boundariesplan for wise water usenew lawn permitwatering schedulewatering schedule waiverpressure reducing valvesindoor & outdoor efficiencysub-menu

free water conservation kitwater smartfind & fix leaks

business
sub-menu

billing & ratessub-menu

utility billingunderstanding your billwater & sewer ratescustomer self-serviceservices & informationsub-menu

received a letter from us?backflowfile a claimwatering scheduleproperty owner's responsibilityplan for wise water useindoor & outdoor efficiencysub-menu

water smartfind & fix leakspermits & licensessub-menu

business requirementshydrant use permitnew lawn permitwatering schedule waiver

contractors
sub-menu

construction informationsub-menu

system development feesengineering standardsbulk waterbids & contracts opportunitiessub-menu

bids & proposalsbidding faqtax exemption certificationspermits & licensessub-menu

contractor requirementsgis information accesshydrant use permitreceived a letter from us?new lawn permit

about us
sub-menu

organizationboard of directorsboard meetingscareer opportunitiesstaff directorydocuments & formsfinancial reportsboard projectsmaster planphoto gallery

water
sub-menu

water supplysub-menu

source waterreservoir levelssnow monitoringweb camerasdry creek weather stationwater newswater conservationsub-menu

water smartfree water conservation kitwatering schedulewater newswatering schedule waivernew lawn permitwater qualitysub-menu

consumer confidence reportclaritytaste & odorhardnessfluoridecyanobacteriafinished water qualityhydrant flushinglead service linesub-menu

lead-free initiativereducing exposurehealthconsumer confidence reportinventory mapcontact formcertified lab test results submission formadditional resources

sewer
sub-menu

industrial pretreatment program (ipp)sub-menu

what does the industrial pretreatment program do?significant and categorical industrial usersoil/water separators and sand interceptorsfat, oil, and grease programcare for your sewer pipessub-menu

homeowner's guide to sewer linessewer backuplost & foundhauled wastewaterbiosolidsreceived a letter from us?










home
do it online





view & pay your bill online
you can view your bill, setup account notifications, or pay your water, sewer, and solid waste bill.




documents & forms
view documents and forms here.




lead free service line
the bopu lead-free initiative is dedicated to complying with the epa's updated lead and copper rule.




employment
be part of something special and join us




water quality
craving details on your tap water? explore more here.




water conservation
learn how you can make every drop count.




financial reports
explore this section how the board is leading the way for tomorrow through water & sewer services.




report a concern
report your non-emergency concerns like water waste, water pressures issues, etc. here.




bids & proposals
view all open bids & proposals for the board of public utilities



alerts




active alerts


active alerts are listed below. to view alert details, click to expand the alert. once an alert is resolved, it will be removed.


road closure - thomas road


starting monday, february 10, the bopu will be closing thomas rd. between blue bluff and summit dr.  to repair a water valve.  road closure is expected to last ~5 days, weather dependent.
all water and sanitary sewer maintenance projects are part of the bopu’s initiative to accelerate the renewal of water and sewer infrastructure that has reached the end of its useful life.
 

 



road closure/construction - ames avenue & w 17th street


beginning 2/3/2025, the bopu will be closing two (2) roads for a sewer manhole rehabilitation project. 
 
bopu will be closing ames ave. between w. 18th st. and w. lincolnway, as well as w. 17th st. between dey ave. and dillon ave.


 
road closure is expected for ~10 days, weather dependent.
 
all water and sanitary sewer maintenance projects are part of the bopu’s initiative to accelerate the renewal of water and sewer infrastructure that has reached the end of its useful life.

 





calendar




what's coming up next?


select an event on the calendar to view its snapshot.
note: registration may be required for some events. this information, including a link to the online registration form (if required) will be included within the event's full details. to view the event's full details, first click on the event, then scroll to the bottom of the snapshot and select the "tell me more about..." event link.
this element requires javascript to be enabled.please wait while we load this calendar...

events












20
mar
2025
2025 cheyenne water summit
march 20, 2025
learning to "live within our means". establish a foundation of understanding on the creation, operation, current and future water status, and critical water issues facing the city of cheyenne board of public utilities.



view more events

news












cahill park statement
published on february 01, 2024
official statement on the cahill park water main leak, following completion of investigation.









annual watering schedule
published on december 07, 2023
watering is prohibited (no lawn watering) from december 1st - march 31st.









phone imposter scam
published on december 30, 2020
a customer of the city of cheyenne board of public utilities (board) reported receiving a telephone call where the caller claimed to be from cheyenne’s water and sewer department. the fraudulent caller claimed the customer was delinquent on their water bill and requested credit card information.









customer service phone service resumes
published on october 23, 2020
starting on monday, october 26, 2020, the city of cheyenne board of public utilities (board) customer service call-in hours resumes to the normal hours of 8:00 am to 5:00 pm monday – friday. with the current circumstance of covid 19, the board’s lobby at 2416 snyder ave. will remain closed until further notice.









water rehabilitation project update
published on october 20, 2020
as the three-mile water main and fire hydrant replacement project near dell range blvd. wraps up this week, the city of cheyenne board of public utilities (board) will continue to advance water service reliability to a new area.









the water keeps flowing
published on october 02, 2020
the city of cheyenne board of public utilities (board) provides clean, safe, and reliable water resources to nearly 75,000 people in the cheyenne area. crews work around the clock to manage cheyenne’s water supply from collection to treatment and then delivery.



view more news



back to top








contact us
city of cheyenneboard of public utilities
2416 snyder ave.
cheyenne, wy 82001
building hours: monday - friday9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.

phone numbers
customer service:
307-637-6460
water & sewer emergency after hours:
307-637-6471
request water & sewer maintenance:
307-637-6471
 

social media
 
facebook


twitter


instagram













                                    © 2025 city of cheyenne board of public utilities | powered by granicus














