









home - new mexico border authority




























































home
contact us

















about us
new mexico ports of entry

santa teresa

livestock


columbus

livestock


antelope wells
livestock


board of directors meeting





















 
















overweight cargo zonenew mexico is the only state on the border that allows for overweight cargo up to 96,000 lbs., and 18 ft. width from mexico to enter and unload in a six-mile radius, providing a competitive edge for unloading and loading goods for transport around the u.s. and canada.








short wait timesnew mexico ports of entry typically have shorter wait times than those at other ports of entry. in 2014, the nmba conducted a truck crossing study that supports that santa teresa port of entry was more efficient than the crossings in el paso. the expansion of the santa teresa port of entry brought three commercial lanes and introduced a fast certified cargo lane.








new mexico border plexin 2013, new mexico gov. susana martinez and chihuahua governor cesar duarte announced the cooperative development of a 70,000 acre, master-planned binational community to provide for large-scale industrial investments in addition to commercial and residential developments.








union pacificunion pacific’s new 2,200 plus acres intermodal facility and state of the art fueling station in santa teresa. located in the middle of the 2,000 u.s. – mexico border, santa teresa is the ideal inland port to move cargo to both coasts or north to chicago. the nmba awarded a $1.8 million eda grant to study the feasibility of the mexico-usa international rail crossing at santa teresa.








current border wait times
estimated wait times for reaching the primary inspection booth, the first point of contact with cbp when crossing the canada/u.s. and mexico/u.s. land borders. each border location updates its estimated wait times hourly.


santa teresa port of entry hours
privately owned vehicle hours will be 6:00 am to 10:00 pm. commercial vehicle hours will be from 6:00 am to 8:00 pm. these changes are effectively immediately and are only temporary due to covid-19.

columbus poe
commercial lanes for the columbus poe will be closed thursday, 4/9/20 and friday, 4/10/20. pov lanes and pedestrian will remain open 24/7.









welcome to the new mexico border authority
the new mexico border authority is an executive branch state agency that provides leadership in the development of the state’s international ports of entry as well as serving as the governor’s advisor and point of contact for those interested in opportunities at the ports of entry. this agency also facilitates new infrastructure, trade opportunities, job opportunities, job training capabilities and many other activities that contribute to development of a productive economy along the new mexico border.








latest news




nmba board of directors meeting, january 16, 2025

board of directors’ meetingfor thenew mexico border authority (nmba) thursday january 16, 2025, at 10:00 amnew mexico border authority221 pete v. domenici hwy.santa teresa, new mexico 88008 notice of meeting and agendapublic participation and public...




september 17, 2024 nmba board of director’s meeting

the board of directors of the new mexico border authority will convene a regular meeting, subject to the new mexico open meetings act, which may include the discussion of public policy and action on items of business provided in the meeting’s agenda. meetings are open...




covid-19 impacted businesses

small/medium size businesses federal assistance available up to $2m with a low interest rate for businesses and nonprofits. the new mexico economic development department (nmedd) has created a program to assist businesses seeking emergency loans or lines of credit to...









homeland security info




border patrol agents uncover drug-laced candy, meth, and coke at i-5 checkpoint
san clemente, calif. – u.s. border patrol agents assigned to the i-5 checkpoint intercepted two vehicles yesterday with 23 pounds of drugs worth approximately $160,000 and a variety of drug products geared towards children.at approximately 1 a.m., two men arrived at the checkpoint driving a 2012 chrysler 200 sedan. (more)






nogales cbp agriculture specialists make unusual interception
nogales, ariz. – u.s. customs and border protection agriculture specialists at the mariposa port recently took possession of what appears to be the tanned hide of a large wild cat.officials initially referred a motorhome for further agricultural inspection after initial questioning monday. (more)






chile designated a visa waiver program participant
secretary of homeland security jeh johnson announced the designation of chile as part of the visa waiver program (vwp). starting may 1, 2014, eligible chilean passport holders with both an approved electronic system for travel authorization, or esta, and an e-passport will be able to visit the u. (more)






trade advisory committee embraces president's executive order to speed exports, imports
there was a spirit of pride when members of the advisory committee on commercial operations of customs and border protection, also known as coac, met in the nation’s capital last thursday, a day after president obama signed an executive order to streamline the u. (more)









building the borderplex




essential services/faqs

essential businesses per public health order on march 23, 2020, new mexico department of health secretary kathy kunkel announced a new public health emergency order suspending operations of all businesses and nonprofit entities except for those deemed essential, and...




public health order





travel restrictions at the southern border

the us and mexico have agreed to limit non-essential travel at the southern border due to the covid-19 emergency response. effective saturday, march 21, 2020 at midnight (00:00). here’s what we know: the border is not closed! commercial traffic and goods by truck and...




nmba minimizes face-to-face contact

for immediate release contact: nora meyers sackettpress secretary, office of the governornora.sackett@state.nm.us(505) 690-7313   march 15, 2020   governor directs state government agencies to minimize face-to-face contact while continuing service delivery...



« older entries











dona ana countyluna countyhidalgo county





 
















laura.romero@nmba.nm.gov






(575) 589-6501






(575) 589-6499





homeabout uscontact usnew mexico ports of entryboard of director’s meeting






























powered by real time solutions – website design & document management



 









manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 

dona ana county
border highway connector – santa teresa nm
construction of a 5-to-6-mile road that will significantly reduce drive times from sunland park to santa teresa port of entry
border highway connector phase ii
feasibility study that will extend the border highway connector to the texas state line
santa teresa lpoe expansion and modernization feasibility study
feasibility study for the expansion and modernization of the port of entry.
doña ana county jetport – runway enhancement
upgrade to the existing runway that will allow heavy cargo airplane landings
one–million gallon water tank
elevated water tank for the santa teresa industrial park
nmba

adjacent parking lot to our office for people visiting cbp offices for permits, as well as people that may go across the border for work or personal business.
commercial parking lot enhancements to help the daily operations of our clients that lease spaces.

luna county
facultative wastewater pond in columbus

expansion of the wastewater pond that will allow future industrial growth in the area

berm flood control project

protect 1,355 acres of private and publicly owned land from regular flooding. project will allow the region to take full advantage of their international port of entry to promote economic growth and create needed jobs

hidalgo county
n/a



















































