






hemet golf club – world cup ave






































hemet golf club




hemet golf club





the hemet golf club opened its doors in 2003, located in the city of hemet, california, and is home to 18 holes of championship golf. the “landmark” course was designed by brian curley and lee e. schmidt, of schmidt-curley designs!
this championship course features bent grass greens and cool-season grass fairways that wind through the beautiful foothills’ verdant margins, displaying the area’s natural beauty as well as the spectacular snow-capped peaks of san jacinto!
helmet golf club offerings
the hemet golf clubhouse, with its full-service facility and challenging 18-hole course, was open to the public and located near the center of a 1,200 home master planned community with stunning 360° panoramic views. landmark at hemet golf club is a collaboration between legendary golf firm landmark golf company and landscapes.
“the landmark golf experience” invited thousands over the world to enjoy the traditions of golf when you play landmark at hemet golf club.
landmark designs in your californian backyard
landmark courses were considered among the leaders in golf course designs, and schmidt-curley designs specifically date all the way back to the 1990s. today, schmidt-curley designs are all over the world.
about the hemet golf club course
hemet is a city in riverside county, california, at the base of the gorgeous san jacinto mountains. the course sneaks through a picturesque residential neighborhood that provides lovely scenery for your golfing excursions.
the course is conveniently located right off interstate 215. this golf course is 18 holes long, and it is a par 71. that’s the score that zero-handicap golfers are expected to be around. for novices, it means 71 shots without going over.
additionally, the course is 6,590 yards long from the tournament tees which equates to a lot of yards! the course has a rating of 71.1 with a slope of 121 which means that it could pose quite a fun challenge for folks new to golfing and even some enthusiasts who aren’t careful.









