












world fantasy convention | home of the world fantasy awards and convention













































 
 

        home of the world fantasy awards and convention
         


 

        skip to content
         




    search for  




    search    
 












 

          toggle navigation
              


welcome
board members
guests
awards  

world fantasy awards℠ 2023
2024 world fantasy award submissions


about  

information
wfc code of conduct
wfc access policy


history  

list of conventions
nominees
winners


bidding
requirements
contact us













welcome






the world fantasy convention
 








upcoming conventions




world fantasy convention 2025 
brighton, united kingdomoctober 30 – november 2, 2025doubletree by hilton brighton metropole106 kings rdbrighton bn1 2fu
~~
world fantasy convention 2026 
oakland, california, usaoctober 22 – october 25, 2026oakland convention center550 10th street  oakland, ca
 
 




















the first world fantasy convention (wfc) was held in 1975 in providence, rhode island (see retrospective of wfc) and it has continued as an annual gathering and reunion of professionals, collectors, and others interested in the field of light and dark fantasy art and literature. the convention is generally held on one of the two weekends bracketing halloween, with some light early-bird programming usually beginning thursday evening and the convention generally concluding sunday afternoon, usually shortly after the world fantasy award banquet. the awards banquet is a culminating highlight of the convention, offering awards ranging from lifetime achievement, to various aspects of art and literature. additional highlights include an autograph reception, and often some sort of reception honoring the arts. individual conventions often use programming and special events to highlight the themes of the convention and local flavor.
 

world fantasy convention purpose statement
the world fantasy board is a group of people brought together with the aim of providing inclusive professional development, networking, and educational opportunities for those working or wishing to work within the fields of fantasy and horror, while recognizing and promoting the literature and art of the fantasy and horror genre in all their diversity.
it does this primarily through overseeing the annual world fantasy convention (sm) and the world fantasy awards (sm).
the world fantasy convention (wfc) is an annual gathering of authors, artists, editors, agents, publishers, and fans of the fantasy & horror literary genres from all across the globe.
the board is responsible for approving the chair (and co-chairs where appropriate) of the convention for each year and provides guidance to the convention team to maintain consistency across the different years. this is further detailed in the bidding process set out in the board’s requirements, published on the world fantasy convention website.

would you like to contact the board? send an email to wfcboardsecretary@gmail.com.  you can also follow wfc on facebook.























 
 
a highlight of the annual convention is a banquet and ceremony announcing the recipients of that year’s world fantasy awards. the finalists and winners are selected each year by a jury of judges and the members of the current and previous two years’ conventions. for details on submitting material to be considered for the current year’s awards, see this page.   
 
























 






















						© 2016 world fantasy convention℠. all rights reserved. 
                        "world fantasy convention" and "world fantasy award" are service marks of the world fantasy convention, an unincorporated literary society.
					







 