



flyseair.com


flyseair.com



































 







 



							southeast asian airlines (seair) international is an all-cargo airline based in clark international airport, philippines. seair operates regular flights between clark and cebu. seair also offers charter services for high-value, time-critical cargo, and other freight to major airports in the philippines.
						



about us 



 



seair international was founded in 2011 by business partners iren dornier and nick gitsis together with the late tomas lopez.
our founders have long and established aviation careers in the philippines. their first venture in the philippines was the predecessor of seair international – south east asian airlines (seair) inc.
starting with just two dornier-24 aircraft, iren, nick, and tommy, together with their team, grew the fleet to 14 turbo-props servicing 25 destinations in the philippines. in 2010, seair tied up with tiger airways singapore and the turbo props were replaced with airbus 320s. seair inc was later sold to cebu pacific inc.
iren and nick bring the same pioneering spirit into seair international with a vision of making sear international into asia’s all-cargo airline.
  



our aircraft 





seair international operates two b737-200 freighter aircraft.

 









types of cargo we can transport





 








 
general cargo



 
perishables



 
valuables



 
dangerous goods









 
class 1 explosive (limited to 1.4s)



 
class 2 gases



 
class 3 flammable liquids



 
class 4 flammable solids



 
class 5 oxidizing substances and organic peroxide



 
class 6 toxic and infectious substances



 
class 7 corrosives



 
class  8 miscellaneous dangerous goods






contact us 



seair international accepts cargo shipments on its regular clark to cebu / cebu to clark flights.for charter and cargo inquiries, please contact kmuyot@flyseair.com. 







headquarters
hangar 7224 civil aviation complex clark freeport zone angeles 2009, pampanga philippines

 



salesc/o integrated airline group unit 407, lao centre 1000 arnaiz avenue makati city 1223 philippines 



















