






lmi







licensing technologies for the future
license management international, llc is the authoritative source for managing the intellectual property licensing process for the world's technology leaders.
with experience in license management administration and handling secure data related to intellectual property, lmi supports its clients by acting as the liaison between them and their licensees, enabling clients to stay focused on their core line of business.

license management international, llc."the missing piece"






about lmi
license management international (lmi) was founded in 2000 in response to a critical need from the world's leading technology companies and other entities for unbiased, thorough administrative management for licensing their intellectual property (ip), trade secrets and other licensable tangible items.
these entities, while interested in revenue generation and market expansion associated with sharing ip, did not want to dedicate the time, personnel and resources necessary to build and sustain a successful licensing practice. also, the companies wanted to ensure that all licensees - including fierce competitors - were treated in a fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory manner.
lmi has built a successful business by providing the administrative and cryptographic value generation services associated with sharing ip for its clients. with a client portfolio of prominent corporations and the world leading technology companies they represent, lmi is growing in renown as the one-stop-shop for license administrative management.
a key component of the licensing process is providing cryptographic values generation services to clients. lmi has experience in providing a secure facility for the generation of cryptographic values. lmi's highly trained technical staff has extensive experience with a range of technologies, giving lmi's clients confidence in the accuracy and reliability of cryptographic value generation.

services we provide
lmi delivers professional, reliable, value-based services to its clients at a fraction of the cost it would take to sustain personnel and resources in-house. lmi's services include:



administration of licenses:lmi provides administrative management services for the licensing of intellectual property, trade secrets and other licensable tangible items. lmi acts on behalf of the licensor to provide the licensees with pertinent information and cryptographic values, and to collect fees and royalties associated with licensing.
execution of licenses:lmi can execute, or sign, a license on behalf of its clients, reducing licensors administrative costs and expediting the response time to licensees.
cryptographic value generation:lmi's technical staff has vast experience in cryptographic value generation for protecting content.
financial management:if a client desires, lmi can invoice and collect specific fees and/or royalties for licenses from licensees. in turn, lmi will also distribute licensee payments to its clients, the licensors.




reporting:lmi will provide detailed reports on financial tracking and license activity on an ongoing basis. lmi clients receive communication that is professional, accurate and timely.
website hosting and email lists:if a client desires, lmi can host its clients license-oriented web sites in order to provide licensees with updated information, such as license agreements, technical documentation, white papers and other technical guidance. lmi also can maintain private, reflector email lists for its clients. lmi keeps both web sites and email lists current by making authorized change requests in a timely manner.
other services:lmi provides value-added services to aid its clients' licensing efforts, including support for the product verification process with review boards and associations, interface with industry groups, legal support for license creation/maintenance and first level technical support.












the dvd copy control association (dvd cca) is a not-for-profit corporation that issues licenses and maintains specifications for the content scramble system (css).  css responded to the need to protect copyrighted material from theft with a technology that could be effectively and invisibly deployed in devices like dvd players and personal computers.
to learn more about dvd cca please visit www.dvdcca.org









4c entity is working to provide consumers with flexible access to all forms of digital content, while ensuring that the content is high quality, easy to store and maintain, transferable to similar digital devices and copyright-holder friendly.
to learn more about 4c entity please visit www.4centity.com









digital transmission content protection ("dtcp") has been widely adopted across the globe in consumer electronics products from set top boxes and digital tvs to blu-ray and dvd recorders; in voluntary standards groups; by a spectrum of cable, satellite, and media services; and over a variety of wireless and wired interfaces.
to learn more about dtla please visit www.dtcp.com









lto ultrium rapidly defined the super tape market segment and has consistently been the best-selling super tape format. lto is widely used with small and large computer systems, especially for backup.
to learn more about lto plus please visit www.lto.org









contact lmi
name 

email 

comment 



submit





lmi


home
about
clients
contact











