


 




internet boating & fishing magazine | boating publications & boating news, fishing news - boating, boatbuilders, boat dealers, boat kits, marinas boatyards, boating classified ads, boating message boards - by-the-sea


























            
            
            
            
            
  welcome! today is
















by-the-sea.com launches boat builders show on cape cod
mass boat builders
boating careers in ma
buy or sell boats, motors, trailers, parts on everythingboats.com
advertise on by-the-sea.com & everythingboats.com


















welcome to the water


boating by the sea


fishing by the sea


have fun by the sea


family fun by the sea


whale watching by the sea


relax by the sea


swim by the sea


kids by the sea


sail by the sea








buy or sell boats 

boat reviews





newfound woodworks
newfound wooodworks offers some advice on how to choose a canoe design for home shop builders




robert white instruments
robert white offers a wide selection of top-quality weather and marine instruments, friendly support and excellent service.




boatwise
boatwise provides professional training in boating basics, navigation, gps, loran, radar, captains license, launch operator - uscg and nasbla approved




boston sportfishing
boston sportfishing is the premier charter fishing company in the boston





featured sites



minuteman boat handling equipment
minuteman boat handling equipment was established in 1976 to manufacture boat handling equipment for the marine industry. products included hydraulic boat trailers, boat hoists, boat racks, boat dollies, dock lifts, boat lifting slings and custom boat handling equipment.





marinas & transport
if you are looking to purchase or sell marina/boat handling equipment, maritime will make it happen! with over 25 years and an excellent reputation our expertice in finding and selling marina equipement is the best in the industry.





cataumet boats
cataumet boats is your exclusive grady white dealer for cape cod, nantucket, martha's vineyard, southeastern ma and rhode island. admirals circle award winner for exceptional customer service 19 years running!





moore yacht sales
at moore yacht sales, we are passionate and dedicated to helping our clients sell, build or buy the boat of their dreams.





bayside marine corp
bayside marine corp. is a full-service boat yard and dry-stack marina located on snug harbor in duxbury, massachusetts





hyannis marina
hyannis marina has over 180 slips, we accommodate megayachts up to 200 feet in length.





the boat center
connecticut shoreline's premier boat dealer. they are conveniently located on route 1 in madison just north of hammonasset state park.





turkeyluxurygulet.com 
luxury gulet cruises in turkey
let us cherry-pick the best luxury gulet to charter in turkey for you.





bespoke yacht charter
luxury yacht charters on the french riviera and cote d'azur including yacht rentals for mipim, cannes lions and the monaco grand prix.





 premier ship models  
museum quality wooden model ships. custom made model ships, boats, yachts and sailboats for sale. get world's finest handcrafted replicas including historical model ships, cruise models, yachts & container & cargo ship models.











boat rentals


ship shops inc. 
best power boat rentals on cape cod, we have a feet of fast, seaworthy, dependable, and comfortable boats, good in all types of weather conditions.



nauti jane boat rentals
we offer sportfishing charters aboard brand-new state-of-the-art regulator 32 in boston harbor, the islands and beyond.



northpoint yacht charters
we offer a fleet of power boats and sailboats owned and managed by individual owners.



fishing charters


boston sportfishing
boston sportfishing fishes the great waters from jeffries ledge to provincetown. the vessel, a bhm 32, is sea-kindly and safe in all kinds of weather.



city slicker charters
we offer sportfishing charters aboard brand-new state-of-the-art regulator 32 in boston harbor, the islands and beyond.



sportfish the cape
sportfish the cape charters is available for the beginner to the most serious fishing pro.








marine instruments


robert white instruments
robert white offers a wide selection of top-quality weather and marine instruments, friendly support and excellent service.



cape cod wind & weather
hand-crafted on cape cod since 1939, cape cod wind & weather indicators let you bring the weather indoors.



downeaster
tide clocks, clocks, fishing tide clocks, fishing barometer, fishing clocks & more...



parts & accessories


clark craft fasteners
clark craft fasteners carries bolts, nuts, washers, rod, nails, screws, fasteners...



top notch fasteners
we offer many types of fasteners including bronze fasteners and more...



marine parts plus
marine parts plus sells mercury outboard, mercruiser, yamaha and more...same day shipping







how to videos



how to change mercruise oil
follow easy step-by-step process and do it yourself. shows detail that others don't, watch and learn!





how to remove, replace & change mercruiser marine bravo stern drive
learn how to change mercruiser bravo stern drive. follow the step-by-step process and do it yourself. its easy and its simple





how to change engine oil in mercruiser bravo stern drive
changing the gear oil on a 2014 chaparral 226 ssi with a 5.0 mercruiser and bravo 3, bravo iii outdrive with dual counter rotating 24p props




highly recommended



































boat dealers

moore yacht sales ma, power
bay side marine corp - ma, power
the boat center - ct, power
guilford boat - ct, power
cataumet boats - ma, power
wareham steamship - ma, unusual
gary voller's yacht sales - ma, power
chatham boat co - ma, power
hyannis marina - ma, power
ellis boat - me, power
moose island marine - me, eastport
g & s marine - ma, power
allen harbor marine - ma, power
bayside marine - ma, power
redds pond boatworks - ma, wooden



how to remove, replace & change mercruiser marine bravo stern drive












boat builders

buzzards bay boat shop - sail
ellis boat company - power
adirondack goodboat - wooden
middle path boat works - wooden
vintage marine - wooden
s.n. smith & son - wooden
redds pond boatworks - wooden
shell boats - sail
howard boats - classic boats








boat plans & kits

chesapeake marine design - unique
clark craft - huge selection
arch davis design - small boats
newfound woodworks - strip kits
shell boats shell boats
stimson marine - classic designs
john g. alden - alden yacht plans



how to change mercruise oil












how to change engine oil in mercruiser bravo stern drive













important links
boat builders & restorers
boat kits, plans & designs
books & magazines
charters & captain services
marinas, boatyards & repairs
marine supplies & accessories
sails, oars & paddles
schools & instruction
survey, insurance & finance
towing, transport & hauling
business listings


























