





department of history



































skip to contentuniversitywide | new brunswick | rbhs | newark | camden | online
search result opens in new windowsearch term select resource to searchwebsitespeoplebuildings search submit



go to rutgers university–camden site
department of history
 


 menu
home
about the department

faculty
faculty books
faculty news
lees seminar
our building
student accomplishments
syllabi ay2022 – 2023


undergraduate program

why study history?
careers in history
majoring in history
minoring in history
history concentrations
dual-degree program
course offerings

spring 2025
fall 2024


independent study
course expectations
advising
learning goals
awards and opportunities
other programs of interest
plagiarism
exit survey for history ba


graduate program

fellowships & scholarships
admission requirements
degree requirements
courses & schedules
graduate courses – spring 2025
graduate courses – fall 2024


resources & jobs

resources for historians
footnoting guide
jobs & internships


history club
nj history day
 
















home page 


historians are gossips who tease the dead. – voltaire






                            	
                                historians are gossips who tease the dead. – voltaire                                                    








history doesn’t repeat itself, but it does rhyme. – mark twain






                            	
                                history doesn’t repeat itself, but it does rhyme. – mark twain                                                    









any fool can make history, but it takes a genius to write it. – oscar wilde






                            	
                                any fool can make history, but it takes a genius to write it. – oscar wilde                                                    









the most effective way to destroy people is to deny and obliterate their own understanding of their history. – george orwell






                            	
                                the most effective way to destroy people is to deny and obliterate their own understanding of their history. – george orwell                                                    









we cannot escape history. – abraham lincoln






                            	
                                we cannot escape history. – abraham lincoln                                                    









people are trapped in history and history is trapped in them. – james baldwin






                            	
                                people are trapped in history and history is trapped in them. – james baldwin                                                    









nothing has really happened until it has been recorded. – virginia woolf






                            	
                                nothing has really happened until it has been recorded. – virginia woolf                                                    









overlayspreviousnextpreviousnext
welcome to the department of history at rutgers–camden
we seek to foster understanding of the historical experiences of peoples around the world, to strengthen our students’ analytical and communications skills, and to prepare them for life after university. despite the fast-paced nature of today’s world, the study of history remains one of the most exciting and practical subjects around, and we invite you to check out our top 5 reasons to study history.
we offer courses at both the undergraduate and graduate level covering all regions of the world from ancient times from the present, as well as a history major and minor. for any undergraduates thinking about graduate work, we particularly invite you to check our our ba/ma program, which offers you an opportunity to take graduate courses at a terrific value. there are also several prizes and opportunities for our majors.
our chair is professor andrew shankman, our undergraduate program coordinator is professor katherine epstein and our graduate director is professor nick kapur. they are delighted to speak with any current or prospective students about our program.
  







contact us history department
rutgers university–camden
429 cooper st.
camden, nj 08102
dr. andrew shankman, chair
(856) 225-6477
shankman@rutgers.edu
dr. wendy woloson, undergraduate program coordinator (spring 2025)
(856) 225-2711
ww207@camden.rutgers.edu
dr. lorrin thomas, graduate program director
(856) 225-2656
lthomas2@camden.rutgers.edu
sharon smith, secretary
(856) 225-6080
fax: (856) 225-6806
sas548@camden.rutgers.edu




search for:



department linksstudent spotlight
our home in camden
graduate history blog
phi alpha theta
march
 

 



rutgers is an equal access/equal opportunity institution. individuals with disabilities are encouraged to direct suggestions, comments, or complaints concerning any accessibility issues with rutgers web sites to accessibility@rutgers.edu or complete the report accessibility barrier / provide feedback form.copyright wordpress admin login page© rutgers, the state university of new jersey. all rights reserved.
page last updated at 9:03 am august 22, 2023.this page was printed from http://history.camden.rutgers.edu/ at 5:52 pm sunday, february 16, 2025.




























