









home - fell charter school
































































































 











fell charter school






























menu

 


home
about fell

our mission
faculty & staff
board of trustees
frequently asked questions
opportunities


our school

enrollment
cafeteria
calendar
nurse’s office
resource library

homeless & foster care
sap & sat
suicide prevention policy
title1 program
wellness policy


special education
student activities
student handbook
school store
covid planning

continuity of education
health & safety plan




news & events
powerschool portal
contact us















 
570-282-5199




enroll today!

















home 











 




							now enrolling new students!						


						enrollment is now open for the 2024-2025 school year!  contact us today to secure your child's seat, and find out how fell charter can help them succeed!					
































excel

 at fell!






 




fell charter school gives parents and their children an opportunity to learn and grow beyond what is typically available in a large school district setting.our students enjoy coming to school, achieve top scores on their sats, and get accepted into the college of their choice. 








why fell charter?rigorous academics, integrated technology, and student character education set our students apart!learn more 









enrollmentready to join the fell charter community?  begin your enrollment online, and find out what happens next!enroll now 









school calendarwhen is the next "warrior night?"  how about parent-teacher conferences?  view the schedule for the current school year!view calendar 
















recent news & updates 








				weekly warrior, 02/11/25			



			february 11, 2025		


dear fcs community: i hope everyone is staying warm during this cold february. please see


			read more »		






				weekly warrior, 02/04/25			



			february 4, 2025		


good morning fell community: as we enter february, i wanted to provide a few reminders


			read more »		






				weekly warrior, 01/22/25			



			january 22, 2025		


good afternoon warriors: a reminder to the school community that we will host our warrior


			read more »		











follow us on facebook 










 


























						"fell goes above and beyond to educate my children. i am so thankful fell exists as an alternative public school. my children love going to school because of their dedication."					


fell charter parent 






						“i love fell charter because the teachers and staff are there because they want to be. the fell charter community goes the extra mile when it comes to the kids. they are very inventive and interactive with the kids.” 					


fell charter parent 






						
“i just wanna say that i love going to fell charter school and i’m going to miss it in 9th grade [and] also i’ll miss my teachers because they are amazing [and] also my friends!”					


former student 






						"every mom is a nervous wreck sending there child off to school for the first time. but when we were welcomed by the staff at fell charter...my son comes home talking about the excitement of his day, his teachers, and the friends he has made. they care about each students needs, and give the opportunity to reach all goals."					


fell charter parent 






						“fell has a caring and dedicated staff. i like the fact that they care and know each student. we have been there since the beginning with my daughter attending kindergarten and now in 8th grade and my son just starting kindergarten. both children enjoy going and learning.” 					


fell charter parent 






						“my daughter was having difficulties in all her subjects… since she has been in fell charter school, she has been an a/b student!” 					


fell charter parent 




 

 










enroll today!





















 






 locate us 



fell charter school777 main stsimpson, pa  18407phone: 570-282-5199fax: 570-282-0930 







 follow us 






 






school store











 search 


























© fell charter school 2025, all rights reserved | privacy policy 






 


 


 




































skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset









