











	the alberta land surveyors' association > home
































 

login

















































protecting the public



registers of practitioners


code of ethics and rules of professional conduct


complaints/discipline


cancellation of registration


continuing competency review


registration as an alberta land surveyor



articling pupils


the final steps before registration


land surveyors already licensed in canada


land surveyors already licensed outside of canada


reinstatement as an alberta land surveyor


principal course





surveyor’s corporations/partnerships


associate members


retired members


professional liability insurance


legislation, standards and essential resources


unauthorized practice


plan corrections


wetland authentication





surveys in alberta



real property reports


entry onto property


fences


boundary markers


lot grading


easements and rights-of-way


subdivisions


albertas township system


oil and gas


boundary uncertainties


how much does a survey cost?


how accurate is a survey?





governance



council


fees and levies


agm


nominations for council


equity, diversity and inclusion


staff


key contacts


weekly news


als news and special reports


events


publications


professional governance act


acknowledgement













 






 

























 

x

protecting the publicregisters of practitionerscode of ethics and rules of professional conductcomplaints/disciplinecancellation of registrationcontinuing competency reviewregistration as an alberta land surveyorarticling pupilsthe final steps before registrationland surveyors already licensed in canadaland surveyors already licensed outside of canadareinstatement as an alberta land surveyorprincipal coursesurveyor’s corporations/partnershipsassociate membersretired membersprofessional liability insurancelegislation, standards and essential resourcesunauthorized practiceplan correctionswetland authenticationsurveys in albertareal property reportsentry onto propertyfencesboundary markerslot gradingeasements and rights-of-waysubdivisionsalbertas township systemoil and gasboundary uncertaintieshow much does a survey cost?how accurate is a survey?governancecouncilfees and leviesagmnominations for councilequity, diversity and inclusionstaffkey contactsweekly newsals news and special reportseventspublicationsprofessional governance actacknowledgement









 



 


 
|

login

 





























































































































weekly news









feb13 register now for the 116th annual general meeting created on 2/13/2025 12:00:00 am register now...the 116th annual general meeting will be april 24&25, 2025 at the jw marriott ice dis...  read more.. 
feb13 hotel room booking created on 2/13/2025 12:00:00 am now accepting reservations!... jw marriott edmonton ice district hotel is the living room of the ice...  read more.. 
feb13 als news - public - five signs you need a professional land surveyor created on 2/13/2025 12:09:00 pm if any of these situations sound familiar, it may be time to involve a professional land surveyor. t...  read more.. 


view more










 











whether you are a home owner, developer, municipality or energy company, you expect and need certainty about the boundaries of your property to avoid disputes with neighbours or to move your business forward.

   a land surveyor gives you that certainty by using technology, legal and historical information and evidence to identify the boundaries of a property. the alberta land surveyors’ association (alsa) is the regulator of the professional practice of land surveying. our efforts and oversight ensure land surveys are objective and that land surveyors are always serving albertans’ best interests.

   the alsa regulates who can be a professional land surveyor or land surveying company. we guide their professional and ethical conduct and ensure they are competent throughout their career. we investigate any complaints against land surveyors, apply discipline measures when necessary and always encourage continuous learning and improvement.

























 







       complaints and discipline    complaints and discipline     view more          registers of practitioners    registers of practitioners     view more            continuing competency    continuing competency     view more          order iron posts and marker posts    order iron posts and marker posts     view more    












































































































































































































 home protecting the public surveys in alberta governance  










10310 – 102nd avenue nw
suite 205, revillon boardwalk building
edmonton, alberta t5j 5a2
780-429-8805 1-800-665-2572 (toll free)
info@alsa.ab.ca










the alberta land surveyors' association (alsa) is a self-regulating professional association legislated under the land surveyors act. the association regulates the practice of land surveying for the protection of the public.
 
    







































































copyright © 2025 by the alberta land surveyors' association
|
privacy statement
|
terms of use
|
content warning






















