







home - densmile dental care - coventry








































































































 book an appointment
024 7668 9483
reception@densmile.co.uk
like us on facebook 


home
about us
treatments


general dentistry

general dentistry
children’s dental exams
routine check-up
dentures
splints


cosmetic dentistry

cosmetic dentistry
teeth whitening
orthodontics
implants


hygiene treatments

hygienist





nervous patients
emergency care
dental health
contact us





menu


menu

 






nervous patientswhether you’re anxious about visiting the dentist, or have a full blown phobia, dr mulgund is here to put your mind at rest. click here to find out about how we can make your visit to see us as stress free as possible.
read morehygienistno matter how well you brush your teeth, plaque can still build up in hard-to-reach areas. click here to find out how regular visits to our hygienist can help you keep your teeth and gums clean and healthy at all times.
read morechildren’s examschildren’s dental check-ups are great fun at densmile. as well as having a thorough examination, your youngster can look forward to getting their ‘star card’ stamped and to pushing the good behaviour button. click here to find out more.
read morepreviousnext123

densmile dental carethe care and attention we offer our patients is unrivalled – fromchildren through to those with a phobia of the dentist, and everyone in between


you probably already know how important it is to visit your dentist regularly, but it can be difficult finding the right practice to care for you and your family’s needs can’t it? look no further than densmile dental care.



we cater to all needs at densmile. whether it’s whiter teeth you’re after or a scale and polish with our hygienist, you can expect unrivalled levels of care from our friendly, highly skilled team.
samir mulgundprincipal dentist
while seeing our patients regularly is important to ensure their teeth and gums are healthy, we also pride ourselves on our approach to treating nervous patients. whether it’s minor anxiety you experience at the dentist, or a full-blown phobia, you can rest assured you’re in great, unrushed hands at our practice.
our dentist, dr mulgund & his team always takes his time to get to know their patients, particularly those who are nervous about their appointment. our dental team will always discuss any concerns you may have, before putting you in complete control of your treatment.

if you would like more information about our practice, or to book an appointment, please contact our friendly team by calling 024 7668 9483.



routine check-ups
read more
teeth whitening
read more
dental health plan
read more


if you’re a new to densmile dental care
 we’re giving you a free hygienist appointment with every private dental check-up worth £49.99!to take advantage of this generous offer, simply fill out the form below to receive your voucher.


send us mailname * e-mail * subject * message *
our promise to you

at densmile dental care we guarantee all of our patients that they will experience no pain during their procedures. as well as administering numbing gel before any injections, dr mulgund asks all patients to raise their hand if they are experiencing any discomfort at any point. he will then stop what he is doing and won’t start again until you are completely happy. where necessary, he will provide additional local anaesthetic. however, if you are still experiencing discomfort after all endeavours, the treatment can be suspended and re-arranged if needs be.



if you would like more information about our practice, or to book an appointment, please contact our friendly team by calling 024 7668 9483.
  

contact information practice address  
densmile dental care
197 broad street
coventry, cv6 5bn
 024 7668 9483 
reception@densmile.co.uk
please note : all patients are seen by appointment only. additionally, other appointment times may be available, so please contact our team.

opening hours 


monday
closed
please call 024 7622 3707


tuesday
closed
please call 024 7622 3707


wednesday	
closed
please call 024 7622 3707


thursday
9:00am – 1:00pm
2:00pm – 5:00pm 


friday
9:00am – 1:00pm
2:00pm – 4:30pm 


sat & sun
closed






like us on facebookclick here to visit our sister practice hillfields dental





© copyright 2025 - densmile dental care | all rights reserved | website by studiorav.co.uk | visit gdc website | privacy policy
facebook






scroll to top

dental care during covid-19:
to stop the spread of covid-19 there are now stricter restrictions in place. but, we can reassure you that  our practice remains open. you can leave home for medical appointments, including for nhs or private dental treatments, and we will continue to see patients in order of their need to see a dentist. .
call us for support
should you have a new dental problem you should call your usual practice as we are speaking to patients on the phone first to offer help and advice and book in appointments if the dentist needs to see you face-to-face. there are still fewer appointments available due to the protective measures in place, so please make every effort to attend your appointment or let us know if you can no longer make it, so that we can offer the appointment to another patient. we apologise if you need to wait longer than usual to see a dentist during this time.
protective measures in practice
our first priority is always the wellbeing of our patients and colleagues. we have made some changes in our practices to ensure your safety.























































