











theremin world -  
     home 



































 sign in
join















toggle navigation





theremin world






                                learn
                                    


what's a theremin?
articles
theremin faq
buyers guide
inspiration
history
theremin models
rca theremin registry
clara rockmore
other historical instruments




                                play
                                    


events
theremin lessons
repertoire
other resources




                                media
                                    


photo albums
theremin videos
films
sounds and audio links




                                tech
                                    


schematics
rca theremin tech
keppinger theremins
mods
software
resources for builders




                                store
                                    


theremins and kits
theremin buyers guide
recommended effects
theremin music
theremin method books
theremin apps
accessories
theremin books
logo gear
auctions




                                forums
                                    


recent posts
most popular topics
all forums
code of conduct






search













search

















fall 2023 theremin academy in lippstadt/germany

learn to play - by thierry - october 29, 2023
        

thereminists will meet again at the conrad-hansen music school in lippstadt from november 17th to 19th 2023. with wilco botermans and thierry frenkel as teachers, a multitude of theremin ensemble and improvisation classes will be held. there is also some...




new australian theremin album from the night terrors

music - by thierry - october 10, 2023
        

i met miles brown, australian thereminist, first in 2009 in germany, at the occasion of one of these incredible "without touch" festivals in lippstadt. since then, although active myself in a different musical domain, i was always full of admiration for...




replica rca theremin documents now available

history - by jason - may 31, 2023
        

mike buffington of rcatheremin.com teamed up with forgotten futures, the non-profit organization founded by the multi-instrumentalist wally de backer, also known as gotye, to create reproductions of four rare documents about the rca theremin. in line with...




project aims to illuminate the legacy of juliet shaw

history - by jason - february 7, 2023
        

kip rosser has embarked on a new project to explore and document the work of pianist/thereminist juliet shaw. the project is seeking donations to help preserve juliet shaw's unique theremin and musical/media archives for generations to come. you can learn...




rob schwimmer (d-lev theremin) & ethan iverson (piano) play “when i fall in love”

music - by jason - june 26, 2022
        

here's a treat! rob schwimmer and ethan iverson perform "when i fall in love". rob is performing on the amazing d-lev digital theremin designed by eric wallin....




moog music introduces etherwave theremin

gear - by jason - april 13, 2022
        

ever since bob moog introduced the etherwave theremin in 1996 under the big briar name, its design has been relatively unchanged... until now. now, moog music has combined features from the etherwave standard and etherwave plus theremins into a new...




the very first worldwide & online theremin academy starts in 10 days!

learn to play - by thierry - july 14, 2021
        

a world premiere: due to the ongoing pandemic restrictions, we set up a theremin academy as an online event. two full days july, 24th and 25th, 2021 will be filled with practical workshops, talks, seminars and performances. long days, almost around the...




reflecting on 25 years of the rca theremin registry

uncategorized - by jason - april 14, 2021
        

mike buffington of rcatheremin.com shares a few thoughts on the registry that he and collaborator andrew baron have worked so diligently to keep up, and presents some images of notable rcas that have appeared in the last few years. to browse the registry...




the second generation rca victor theremin prototype

history - by jason - april 13, 2021
        

continuing on our celebration of the rca theremin registry’s 25th anniversary, rcatheremin.com is excited and proud to unveil this one-of-a-kind, rarest rca theremin in the world, the the second generation rca victor theremin prototype. find out what has...




the rca theremin registry turns 25!

history - by jason - april 12, 2021
        

this wednesday, april 14th, the rca theremin registry will be celebrating its 25th anniversary. started here at thereminworld.com in 1996, it was adopted in 2012 and expanded by andrew baron and mike buffington, the founders of rcatheremin.com....



more articles...



sponsors




shop for theremins and kits





article categories


 art 
 books 
 composition 
 contests 
 events 
 exhibits 
 films 
 gear 
 gestural instruments 
 history 
 humor 
 inspiration 
 interviews 
 learn to play 
 music 
 off topic 
 performances 
 tech and diy 
 world thereminization 




recent forum posts



by dewster on let's design and build a (mostly) digital theremin! 1 day ago



by oldtemecula on ideal pitch field linearity 3 days ago



by adrian bontenbal on new theremin cello 3 days ago



by dewster on breaking out the antenna from a mad lab junior theremin 5 days ago



by peter theremin on thereminology festival online 2025 10 days ago




popular tags

albums auctions bob moog carolina eyck clara rockmore diy dorit chrysler etherwave events history japan jason learn to play leon theremin lydia kavina moog music new york spellbound theremin arttheater theremin history theremin-like thierry frenkel video website news world thereminization

 all tags...


most popular articles






guide to buying a theremin
gear - december 2013







what's a theremin?
history - december 2005







roundup: theremin apps for the iphone
gear - july 2010







lydia kavina celebrates clara rockmore in new york, virtually
events - march 2011







new dutch surprise
performances - december 2011







weekly thereminspiration - therru no uta
inspiration - december 2011







friends







recent comments




by weirdvideos on article pierre genet's tube theremin 430 days ago:
"cool jason. this is ross marshall.just uploaded my old theremin videos.plus my new tube theremin by john polstra- who amazingly lives off on the lope..."





by mjamul on article new australian theremin album from the night terrors 452 days ago:
"anyone have an idea what a 91b would be worth these days ?"





by bisem on article project aims to illuminate the legacy of juliet shaw 717 days ago:
"this seems like a most worthwhile project. i am curious as to why no one has expressed any enthusiasm so far. "





by grumble on photo coil in resonance  811 days ago:
"coil in resonance."





by grumble on photo coil 01 811 days ago:
"body length is 10cm, diameter is 3cm"




















shop
forums
events
about
privacy
contact






privacy policy
about theremin world
staff
contact us




help
advertise
submit news




 feeds:


news
forums
events






powered by bariliant cms v2.1





copyright © 1996-2025 - theremin world.  all rights reserved.










