
product development and manufacturing service company in china - sino sales and support, ltd.    
     sino sales and support, ltd.    homeaboutservicestestimonialscontact us   facebook      linkedin      youtube   have a million dollar idea?make your idea a reality with us     get a quote  product development and manufacturing service company | sino sales & supportsino sales & support is a globally recognized product manufacturing services company located in the united states & china. our 20+ years of experience in product development and supply chain management allows us to utilize the best manufacturers for your exact needs. with hundreds of developed manufacturer relationships we are able to provide our clients with the most professional and reliable factories to produce anything made of metal, plastics, fabrics, foam, silicon and more. currently, we represent over 40 companies annually from small/medium enterprises to multinationals conglomerates. at sino sales, we assist our clients from start to finish in product development, tooling/molding, mass manufacturing, sourcing, quality assurance, packaging, and fulfillment. in our 20 years of operation we have helped thousands of start-ups/entrepreneurs scale to the next level by providing high quality products at competitive prices. additionally, we consistently work with kickstarter and indiegogo campaigns to ensure their products are developed and launched successfully. with a team of project managers, engineers, and quality assurance agents on the ground in both united states and china we are the first choice for buyers, inventors, and wholesalers demanding world class manufacturing services in china. in business since 2001who we are   read more   why work with sino sales & support?multilingual —our international team speaks english and chinese fluently and is dedicated to listening to each customer’s needs, striving to continually improve our services. with every product developer fluent in english and one or more native english speakers on hand at all times, we meet our goal of being fully in-tune to our client’s needs. allowing nothing to be lost in translation.  competitive prices  —since we work with the best chinese factories, the price is almost always lower than western manufacturers. we search for the most professional and reliable factories while taking advantage of our hundreds of established manufacturer relationships to ensure you receive a price and moq you are happy with.high quality  —our staff is a carefully selected group of industry professionals who have the experience and understanding of product development and manufacturing to ensure all our customer’s needs are met and exceeded. our goal has always been to provide our clients with the absolute best ideals, performance, and standards of quality that you need in manufacturing a successful product. we work with companies that welcome our high expectations in quality control/raw material selection, as well as providing education and training for their management and laborers.  high expectations  —our staff is trained with one principle in mind: to give our clients the greatest value and to always exceed expectations in every area of the process. courtesy and professionalism act as cornerstones to our entire operation. if our client does not make money, then we do not make money. that’s why it’s important for us to provide you with a streamlined service while simultaneously supplying a quality item at competitive prices. we want to provide a service that ensures our client’s success and return. projects we've done cable core hub  peripheral ports add-on for imac   check it out   stact  modular wine rack system   check it out   custom core tilt dock  an innovative docking station for smartphones and other devices   check it out   metal laundry cart  laundry carts for industrial use   check it out   core fitness roller  portable exercising equipment   check it out   wood joist fixing system  stainless or galvanized steel   check it out  testimonialswhat do people say about our company? ever since our kickstarter launch in 2012 i’ve been working with randy and his team and they’ve done a fantastic job of producing our product. it’s been several production runs each year, and couldn’t be more pleased with every aspect of the product. randy’s been fantastic to work with, very capable and trustworthy, and i have no problem recommending him to anyone looking to get a product made in china.jamie kaszafounder of stact randy williams and his team at world sino sales & support, ltd were a great help to rust-oleum as we undertook our first-ever asian sourcing initiatives. their knowledge of factories and their areas of expertise, different locales, and business cultures helped open a lot of doors for rust-oleum. the end result was a strong contribution to rust-oleum’s bottom line as we realized new costs savings across a number of product initiatives.mark bouffordsenior brand manager of rust-oleum corp i’ve done three kickstarters and randy has done all the products for them. if there are manufacturing problems, he deals with them so you don’t have to. it makes the whole notion of having things manufactured in china a lot less risky and a lot easier from this end. i can definitely say that my business wouldn’t be where it is today if i had not connected with someone like randy. so i would definitely recommend anyone who’s thinking of manufacturing in china to go with sino sales.patrick lehouxfounder of bottle cutting inc.   more testimonials  ready to start your journey?   contact for advice  contact infoaddress:suite 2506, 25/f, nanyuan hotel, 2 lingqiao road, haishu district, ningbo (zj province) 315010 china    (86) 574.8730.5025     sales@world-trading.com join our newsletter  sign up for our newsletterenter your email*lists*sino sales & support - newsletter 
get started  home   about   services   contact us  privacy policy   facebook-f      linkedin      youtube   copyright © 2001 – 2019 – sino sales & support ltd. – all rights reserved.                                 


