




  






the wells chamber of commerce official web site, wells, maine - wells chamber of commerce, me


















 









































go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events






















































home









member login









contact us




















 toggle navigation   

















go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events






















































home









member login









contact us















area info

welcome
faq
getting here
outdoor recreation
points of interest
map
weather
tide charts
town services



events

events list
events calendar


lodging
dining
what to do
shopping
weddings
directory

about us

sign up for e-news
join the chamber
newsletters
contact us
staff
board of directors
mission statement



































                                                    christine bricket
                                                










                                                    spencer  roy
                                                










                                                    henri dorval
                                                










                                                    megan rohrer
                                                










                                                    kelly doktor
                                                










                                                    jan garrity
                                                










                                                    mike fraboni
                                                
























welcome to wells
beautiful and historic wells continues to be one of the finest family vacation spots anywhere, offering seven miles of coastline, the nationally recognized wells estuarine research reserve at laudholm and the rachel carson national wildlife preserve.  we sincerely welcome you to our community where you will find friendly folks and warm hospitality. we want to help make your visit in wells both enjoyable and memorable.
 




















where to stay







where to eat







what to do







shopping







weddings







hot deals







job postings









 





 



























































monthly wells tide chart




















signature events



every day is beautiful in green valley
with a wide variety of events and opportunities, green valley has something to offer everyone. celebrate the fun of the minnesota state fair with us each summer. enjoy a scenic stroll through our many parks or play a round of golf at one of our three courses. have your picture taken with the world’s largest owl and marvel at all the beautiful outdoor murals throughout the town.

our community offers a thriving economy, superb schools, traditional values, faith and fellowship, helpful services, and many entertainment options. green valley is truly the ideal place for new ventures and new growth because every day is abeautiful day.




























































learn more...






























wells area map




click here for an enlarged version of our wells maine area map.



















 

















2024 wells guide




 
the wells chamber of commerce publishes an annual
"guide to wells" which includes information on
accommodations, restaurants, activities and all our member businesses. 
to request a copy of the guide, please click here.
to view an online copy of the guide, please click here.



















 
















accommodations / dining / shopping / activities & attractions



click here for a current list of our member accommodations.
click here for a current list of our member restaurants and their hours of operation.
click here for a current list of our member shops and their hours of operation.
click here for a current list of our member activities and attractions and their hours of operation.



















 
















photo contest



the wells chamber is always looking for images of wells to be used for our various promotional materials.  if you have a favorite picture of wells, upload it here, and if your photo is selected to appear on the cover of our annual guide, you'll receive a $250 prize.  the 2024 contest winner is matthew rainey.
to see past wells chamber guide covers click here.


































join the wells chamber!



join today! information on member benefits, advertising/marketing opportunities and the membership application for 2024 can be found here.






























upcoming events
 
 




















































































































































 wells chamber of commerce

  po box 356 , wells, me 04090

  207. 646.2451

  wellschamber@wellschamber.org













































© copyright 2025 wells chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.


















 


