




  lee's sax worx -- 1724 taraval street (27th/28th avenues) san francisco ca 94116  (415) 759-6001  

   



 congratulations, don !


    




our door is open ! 







saxophone/clarinet repair/sales/service    

  lee's sax worx   
 
1724 taraval street  (between 27th and 28th avenues)
   san francisco ca 94116     tel: 415 759 6001 


 open ! 10am to 6pm tuesday through friday and saturday 10am to 4pm  

   click on the biz card for a personal greeting from lee's sax worx 


  


   welcome! i'm happy to see you!   

  


                            415 759 6001  

yes, you'll have fresh clean air and plenty of it 
because our door is open   and
curbside service
at
lee's sax worx !






 


       a puppy for christmas ?      how about a     saxophone ! 
  (all of the saxophones at lee's sax worx are fully house-trained, are affectionate, loving, obedient, true, and want to go home with you.)    

 
buy a saxophone from lee !  


         
   

  


coupon  
-- it's new! it's free! and it's from lee! 
  




   

it's the newest, it's the best, it's even politically correct, it's 
playmate of the month

 
happy holidays from lee !  
  




of course, here in san francisco the snow is already 3 feet deep 
and that means it is time to answer the musical question:
   
does my saxophone sound 
 rooty toot toot ? 
 or --  argh!  

rummy tum tum.

(rummy tum tum is, 
professionally speaking, not good.)

  
  
but don't worry !  lee doesn't know if you are sleeping or know if you're awake-- 

he knows if your saxophone is bad or good  
so come here for goodness sake !   




saxophone/clarinet repair/sales/service 


  lee's sax worx   
1724 taraval street  (between 27th and 28th avenues)   san francisco ca 94116     tel: 415-759-6001  

 open ! 10am to 6pm tuesday through friday and saturday 10am to 4pm   
   click on the biz card for a personal greeting from lee's sax worx 
    welcome! i'm happy to see you!     

 what should i get my saxophone for christmas ? 
 lee ! 

will lee come down the chimney ? 
 no. we tried that last year. 
it's more fun for you and your sax to come here.  
  






 oh, look it's    lee's sax worx !     san francisco chronicle features  taraval street   
 ! quote ! 
       
"wide-laned and offering misty views of the pacific ocean..." 
         ! wow ! 

 even better ! 
 inside    lee's sax worx !   
everything is musical and beautiful and intriguing and inspiring 
 -- so leave that misty view behind and come inside  

  lee's sax worx !    
 
 
 to follow the map, 
 (to  get  to 
   lee's sax worx )   
follow this link, 
 lee's sax worx  - my map
  and later  see all the other neat things to do right here on taraval street, 
cafes, and restaurants  and tropical fish (it's okay, they're in a store) 
  but remember! 
 come here first !   
 





  


coupon  
-- it's new! it's free! and it's from lee! 
  


it's the newest, it's the best, it's even politically correct, it's 
playmate of the month
        


  saxophone/clarinet repair /sales/service  
   lee's sax worx   
    
  it's the  newest!  

how to speak saxophone!  (around the world) 
    (special feature in honor of lee's five year anniversary of lee's sax worx!) 

  new!   
lee kramka: the biography 
 new!  
serial numbers

 new!   lee kramka's handy work
       see lee as hand model for john handy sculpture!  
 
 new!   appraisals by lee kramka
       see sample appraisal! get yours today!  

   


 lee's sax worx by appointment  
  

   (update!)   lee's sax worx bulletin board  

     lee's sax worx links to useful and other places  

     lee's sax worx - my card  

      lee's sax worx  - my map  

      lee's sax worx musical animated home page  

      lee's sax worx musical instrument jokes  

     lee's sax worx  collected images  


    (update!)     lee's sax worx  - ask a silly question           now -- with answers!      

     sign lee's sax worx guestbook and say hi   


     click here to email lee's sax worx       

 
 last update december 2024   
   lots  of visitors since june 17, 1997 - nice to see you!   (come again!)  


 


     merry christmas  from lee kramka!  at lee's sax worx!     



















 
  
 
  


 
  


 








   
 







