



  



 plymouth's trusted landscape contractor | rock shoppe

























skip to main content









we have the landscaping supplies you need!
 (734) 455-5560









phone
location_on







home

 

about us

 

testimonials

  

landscaping supplies

 

mulch and soil

 

stoneyard

 

retaining walls
and patio pavers

 

say it in stone

  

landscape decor

 

plan your visit

 

resources

 

blogs

 

faqs

  

contact us

 







				quality landscaping products. 
excellent customer service.			

				what materials are you looking for?			

 







mulch and soil














stoneyard














retaining walls and patio pavers














landscape decor







 





we are plymouth's hub for landscaping supplies, decor, and more!     rock shoppe is unlike any other michigan landscape supply store we're located on a 12 acre lot with an incredible inventory of landscaping supplies and decor. as a proud family owned and operated business, our reputation is centered on our customers' experience with us. we go out of our way to help you with all that we can from assistance with product selection, installation instruction, contractor recommendation, and more. learn why we're different  






   contact us for our current specials see all specials   







get loaded at the rock shoppe. 
we load all products for our customers.



						no truck? no problem. we deliver statewide!					

						whether you order a few yards of mulch or a few tons of stone, rock shoppe has an easy way to get your landscaping materials to you as quickly as possible.
dump truck deliveries start at just $80 and forklift deliveries are as low as $200! 

						contact us for delivery information					







   we have hardscape supplies for all of your outdoor needs don't let our name deceive you- we have much more to offer you than just landscape rocks. contractors and home owners alike know they can rely on us for any landscaping supplies including mulch, soil, pavers, and retaining walls. from small jobs to massive home makeovers, we can supply you with whatever materials you require. explore landscaping supplies     nothing adds to your yard like decorative garden decor adding a statue, bench, or fountain can make a dramatic change to your home and yard. we have an amazing selection of pots, planters, and urns to compliment your home, porch, and patio. see our landscape decor inventory   



 “i have been using them for years…” 










this is my go to landscape supply company. i have been using them for years. the owners marco and helena are the best. they deliver everything right to my house too. i highly recommend them.
 - kerri s. 


							read more testimonials						








  place your landscape supply needs in the knowledgable hands of  we are here to help you make your landscaping dream a reality. our team is delighted to offer product recommendations and instruction on all our products. we look forward to your visit!  






call us today for all your landscape supply needs!

 call now: (734) 455-5560 








asset 2











nextdoor-icon





homeabout us landscaping supplies landscape decorplan your visitresources contact us 








					the contents of this webpage are copyright © 2025 rock shoppe. all rights reserved. privacy policy











 


powered by:
         
 










