






revolutionary technologies





























 befreetech
  


 home (current) 
store 
contact 
subscribe 
 products
 magnaclean insectashield power controller sonigrow thermaguard septic tabs hydroweed public awareness kit

tesla books all our ebay items 

 free electricity

fe info
impossible energy suppression inventors beware technology tour free energy coverup history suppressed inventions tech page top ten inventions dennis lee legacy history of innovation public awareness kit getting free electrity out how free power can happen hho science anti-gravityfree energy - fantiastic? media

guide posts 









 

 
  


 

revolutionary technologies such as free energy have been suppressed for centuries



watch lt. col tom bearden explain how technologies get suppressed

 how much will you save per year when your electric bill is eliminated? also consider how free power will reduce the cost of products being produced.   your thougts have pulling power so knowing these fantastic technologies are on the horizon will help bring them about.
the suppressed technologies below may eventually emerge

the ram jet tornado engine: starts with a tablespoon of gasoline, runs on the water moisture in the air,  weighs 174 pounds and produces 5000 horsepower. it  could power planes and trains or it could turn  an 8 foot square "sundance generator"  producing 500,000 watts of electricity virtually for free!


 the laser camera: harmlessly sees into the body offering a safe alternative to harmful x-rays in use today


 plastic homes: zero out gassing and insulation so effective that you can heat your plastic home with a match. 

 see my you tube channel and start thinking about the myriad possibilities these technologies offer.  in particular see the "research projects" video.
see dennis lee in this video that discusses how power can be made for free with magnets or in other ways, allowing us to use   oil and coal for other cleaner applications and just eliminate the use of dangerous  nuclear power.
get a   "public awareness kit" for the above plus more eye-opening dvds.
dennis lee helped promote free energy technology awareness  with nationwide magnetic motor and magnetic generator  demonstrations, along with other revolutionary technology and all of this has contributed to the culmination of a tipping point.
free energy can become commonplace  as commercial  magnetic motor technologies come about.
see dennis lee’s video (the case for free electricity) made 20 years ago. you'll see how dennis makes the case and demonstrates “magnetohydrodynamics”, using copper or aluminum to block a magnetic field.
here's an excerpt from my free energy page: a 50 hp  version of the hummingbird motor is only 1/5th the physical size of a  conventional 40 hp motor, thus revolutionary on that basis alone.  in 1999, measurements confirmed the motor's power in torque was 5 times  greater than the power supplied!  the hummingbird harnesses the additional torque / power  using  the incorporated permanent magnets, and the unique way they are being  finessed.
 then in 2001 dennis lee  demonstrated the permanent magnetic sundance generator in all 50 states and it  was shown to be a 100% efficient. permanent magnets can be harnessed in a generator in a  way similar to the way the hummingbird motor finessed them, resulting in a 100%  efficient generator. 
 if the hummingbird motor  producing 5 times more output torque relative to the electrical power  supplied, was coupled to the 100% efficient sundance generator, using one of the 5 units to  keep the system going, we would  have an energy harvesting system  that should constantly deliver 4 "free" units of power continuously,  harvested from the magnets. keep in mind this all happened about 20 years ago. 
 at that time dennis lee and company believed that only demonstrations in football stadiums would be a big enough event exposing what was possible so that it wouldn't be suppressed by supposed "independent" evaluations, all of whom get paid off or threatened to keep them from acknowledging that the technology works.
the revolutionary items to the left and right are available  now!
on another note - you may or may not be aware that oil  also an unlimited resource produced in the earth faster than it's used. it isn't only dinosaurs we are burning in our tanks as the old gulf oil commercials would have you believe.
see my guideposts section, and the page exposing fake covid 19 - worldwide fraud
auto tech
links and information on the "auto tech" link above are sponsored, and are not indicative of our focus on free energy, particularly in the area related to hydrogen power, since water used as fuel is far more desirable than what is described at some of associated page links. it serves as counter point.


 
 
  
non toxic bug killer
        it's a clean kill for insect pests using this non-toxic, organic
        powder that's beneficial to humans and pets 


insectashield » 
 


save power 
          & extend motor life
        our power controller saves electricity and extends the life of a motor 


power controller » 
 


paint on insulation
        use this amazing paint-on-insulation to block thermal transfer far more
        effectively than bat insulation 


thermaguard » 
 


 
 
never buy laundry soap again
        start saving all the money you have been spending on laundry soap. use
        our magnetic laundry system which is non-polluting, won't damage fabrics,
        and comes with a lifetime warranty 


magnaclean » 


 
grow plants better and faster! 
        with the sounds of nature and organic nutrients, you'll get greater
        yields, better plant vitality and natural pest resistance. 


sonigrow » 
 

 
tesla symposium books
        from the former international tesla society.


tesla symposium books» 
 








 
continue


free electricity 
tech page 
suppressed inventions 
inventors beware 
it's impossible 
energy suppression 
top ten inventions 
history of innovation 
anti gravity 
great quotes 
nikola tesla 
take a look 
media 
tesla books 
shop  
subscribe 
contact us 
computer solutions 
guide posts 











