






oldies club – helping old dogs find loving homes.  homes & volunteers needed across the uk.






































 





















facebook
x
mail















homewhy adopt an oldie?

rehoming storieswhy oldies need homes
latest newsabout oldies club

adoption procedureshome visitsinfo for adoptersqs & asour patroncontact uslink to us!privacy & cookies
how to donate

sponsor an oldiemeet our sponsor oldiesfundraising appeals
fundraising

competitionssponsored eventsevents storiesrecycle stamps and ink cartridges*online shopping*fantastic pet portraitsoldies club merchandise
getting involved

join us!foster homes for dogstransport volunteers
need to rehome your dog?cookie policy (uk)

helping old dogs across the uk

search




adopt an oldieoverlooked oldiesdogs in oldies club carerehomed dogsrehoming storieseducationin loving memory
 i want to adopt an old dog – see all dogs here! »
 dog of the week! – waiting for a home for far too long – nobody wants our dog of the week! can you help?
adopt an oldie (dogs seeking homes in rescues around the uk)
overlooked oldies (more dogs in rescue!)
dogs needing homes in oldies club care
dogs in urgent need
other special dogs
dogs near you : north east, north west, central, wales, south east, south west, scotland
pick a dog to suit your home

active oldies
calmer & quieter
good with cats
good with kids
good with other dogs
special needs
needs someone around most of the time

dogs by type / size

collies & shepherds
retrievers
marvellous mongrels
sighthounds
spaniels
staffy or bully
terriers
small and cute
medium sized
large and lovely
pairs of dogs




we work with animal rescues to publicise the plight of their oldies. our website lists oldies from hundreds of rescues around the uk
we rescue and rehome oldies club dogs via our own network of foster homes. could you foster? »
want to help? find out more! » 
we are run entirely by volunteers (registered charity number: 1118246)

love an oldie day – please support us! enter the doggylottery to support us and for the chance to win a cash prize! lulu’s story, on lost dog, found dog with clare balding


  vet fund appeal can you help us raise funds to pay for urgent medical care for homeless older dogs?
do you have an old dog that needs a new home? add a dog here »
rehoming stories – read happy ever after tales
easysearch
search and help the oldies club – use easysearch which supports the oldies club when you shop online!

share to help find homes for old dogs…







oldies club
 






privacy & cookies














manage cookie consent






our website uses cookies, which are small text files that are stored on your computer as you look at our pages. these help us see which pages of the website are popular, and find out if there is important information or particular dogs that most people are missing. they are a really useful tool to help us understand which information is useful to you without taking up any of your time. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent












