






creb® | real estate resources for calgary








































toggle navigation











about us


who we are


our mission


our history


board of directors


staff leadership team




creb® services


creb® courses


creb® lobbybox program


creb® office leasing




awards & events


sponsorship opportunities


realtor® of the year


creb® volunteer of the year




contact us


feedback




housing statistics


housing data map


daily housing summary


understanding our stats




news centre


creb®now blog


media releases


media contact




community investment


grants


grant recipients


funding guidelines


faq




realtors® giving back


board of governors


friends of the foundation


feature stories




scholarships


contact us




consumer hub


featured listings


value of a realtor®


buyer resources


seller resources


rental resources




join the industry


work at creb®


industry jobs


become a realtor®


become an assistant


become a member


who's who in real estate










realtors® serving calgary and area



 creb®now blog


 featured listings


 find a realtor®












home








realtors® serving calgary and area





about creb®
the calgary real estate board (creb®) is a professional association of over 8,000 licensed realtors® across the calgary region. as one of the largest real estate boards in canada, creb® provides members with essential resources to enhance professionalism, advance the industry’s development and enrich the communities they serve.
  find a home
  find a realtor®
 featured listings








housing statistics
looking for data on the regional housing market? creb® has everything you need – view our daily housing summary, monthly statistics for calgary and surrounding areas, market forecasts and more.
 explore creb® stats








real estate news
creb®now has been a trusted source of real estate news, advice and statistics for calgary and surrounding areas since 1983. we provide readers with the information and tools they need to get the most out of their home buying and selling experiences.
visit the blog








community investment
creb® realtor® community foundation is empowered by the support of our members. since 1987, realtors® have collectively invested more than $8 million into calgary and surrounding area communities. through targeted donations and active volunteering, we are creating new housing, keeping people housed and improving housing quality.
learn more















quick links



                                        find a home
                                    



                                        find a realtor®
                                    



                                        featured listings
                                    



                                        creb®link
                                    



                                        speak at creb®
                                    



                                        community investment
                                    

online feedback



contact creb®




403-263-0530
info@creb.ca









300 manning road n.e.
calgary, alberta
t2e 8k4, canada




 
creb® acknowledges that our office is located, and that our realtor® members serve, on the traditional territories of the peoples of the treaty 7 region: the siksika, kainai, and piikani nations of the blackfoot confederacy; the chiniki, bearspaw and good stoney nations of the stoney nakoda; and the tsuut’ina nation. we also acknowledge that the region in which we serve is home to métis nation of alberta districts 4, 5 and 6. in the spirit of reconciliation and because we are all treaty people, we also acknowledge all calgarians who make our homes in the traditional treaty 7 territory of southern alberta.





                        © creb®  |  all rights reserved
                    








×
creb® online feedback




your name:



your email:



message:

















