


	home





































login























manor house schoolraheny
phone: (01) 831 6782










search





home
about us
welcome
ethos / trustees
board of management
policies
archives
health promoting school
history
past pupils
contact us
location
visual tour


admissions
annual admissions notice
admission policy
application form
admission procedures
capps list of schools


parents
book lists
calendar
subject information
subject choice for 5th year


privacy notice
medical care plan form
student school device
transport
uniform
using easy payments guide
how to set up email account
extra curricular
setting up vsware app
parent information meetings


teaching & learning
curriculum
junior
senior


subjects
irish
english
maths
history
geography
sciences
ag. science
biology
chemistry
physics


languages
french
german
spanish


arts
art
music
ukulele club




business
accounting
business studies
economics
ecdl
lcvp


home economics
gallery


cspe
non-exam
pe
religion
sphe


politics and society


guidance and counselling
guidance website


educational
words
transition year home
ty programme
ty report
musical
young social innovators




activities
student council
constitution
inter-culture festival 2018
student council reports


sports
basketball
camogie
soccer
hockey
gaa
rugby


smile committee
volunteering for all award
trips
lourdes
general awards
creative writing
gaisce
spelling bee
scifest


debs
debs 2024


manor christmas
mentoring
clubs
green group
lego
book club
an coiste gaeilge
steminists




parents association
tech talk
school email accounts
parent vsware account
digital captains how to guides











text/html





















































 home












quick links


updated calendar 2024-25


return to school schedule aug 2024


transition year registration 2024 - 2025


parent presentation on ty 2024-25


parent vsware app guide


student device how to order from wriggle


wriggle parent pack


transition year parent presentation


chosing 5th year subject options in vs ware


school books and e-books/how_to student email accounts tutorial


setting up parent vs ware account


attendance tips for parents


attendance and vs ware


students reports (using vs ware)


le chéile trust


smgs


student device video










welcome from the principal






thank you for taking the time to visit the manor house website which i hope you will find both interesting and informative. 
manor house is a catholic voluntary secondary school for girls founded by the poor servants of the mother of god (smg). it is the ethos and educational philosophy of the smg that informs the way we do things in our school. manor house is now under the stewardship of the le chéile schools trust to whom the smg have entrusted the legal, financial and inspirational role of trusteeship. no matter what area the smg work in they aim to respect the dignity and uniqueness of every individual. the school reflects this aim by trying to create an environment that demonstrates a concern for the welfare and good of others. we do our best to provide all our students with an academic programme appropriate to their needs within a caring and supportive environment.
manor house has a six-year cycle, which includes a compulsory transition year. it provides a broad range of traditional academic subjects to leaving certificate higher level and also offers a comprehensive programme of general education, an excellent pastoral care system in addition to a wide range of extra-curricular and sporting activities. i hope that you enjoy your ‘web’ visit to our school and that by the time you have finished browsing you will have a good idea of the many different facets of school life in manor house.
mary o'neill, principal








return to school 6th jan 2025






good evening parents/guardians, 
 
we hope you had a lovely christmas break with your families.  we look forward to welcoming our students back to school tomorrow monday 6th jan 2025.
the heating has been on at the school over the weekend.  however, due to this cold spell of weather students may wear their school tracksuit this week.
 
ty students are either on the ski trip or starting work experience tomorrow, monday 6th jan 2025..  please ring the main office tomorrow if there is any query regarding work experience. 
 
best wishes to everyone this coming year
kind regards
mary o neill,  anna dunwoody and lori fields
.








have a manor christmas 2024






“have a manor christmas”  was held in manor house school on saturday december 7th dec 2024. this christmas dinner party for 200 elderly in our community was run by manor house staff, students and an garda síochána.  it was a huge success with lots of fun, laughter and singing on the day.  a  beautiful christmas dinner and dessert was provided by doherty catering (https://www.dohertycatering.com)  with tasty mince pies kindly donated by diarmuid mc hugh. tea/coffee was donated by supervalu, with the milk provided by our local milkman.
we would like to say a special thank you to all the parents of manor house school students who kindly donated, crackers, napkins, sweets and biscuits to the event as well as making finincial donations.   these contributions were greatly appreciated.
we would also like to acknowledge the financial donations made by past pupils and friends of manor house school via our social media appeal.  thank you so much.
an enormous thank you to our parent association who made floral arrangements for the tables,and volunteered to help with set up and on the day. our beautiful flowers were donated by clontarf florist.
thank you to an garda síochána who publicised manor christmas, organised all the guests, distributed tickets, helped with set up and provided transport on the day. 
prizes glaore were distributed in our free raffle thanks to our local community who were very generous. please see our list of sponsors who very kind donated prizes for manor christmas.
adam’s pharmacy 
aiden dunne pharmacy kilbarrack
brew baberista 
centra killbarrack 
four star pizza
icon
killester barber 
mace
master care howth rd 
mc hugh’s restaurant
slender health
sophie li hairdressers
tempted 
the cedars 
as you can imagine hosting dinner for 200 people in our school gym was a big undertaking but thanks to the hard work of our staff, students, parents and an garda síochána , the gym was beautifully decorated and set up.  a special thank you to julia from love at first sight (https://www.loveatfirstsight.ie/) who provided all our balloons. they really added to the christmas atmosphere. on the day our wonderful student musicians and singers entertained our guests along with singer andy coogan. all staff, students, parents and an garda síochána worked very hard on the day to ensure all our guests were enjoying themselves.
please click here to view pictures from manor christmas 2024. our pictures will be ready soon please check back!
 
 
 
 
 
 








respect for all






at manor house school we foster an atmosphere of respect and dignity for all regardless of a person’s background, culture or skin colour.
what characterises the s.m.g. approach to education is a profound respect for the dignity of the individual and a strong work ethic. students feel accepted and encouraged and so grow in confidence and maturity.  

we are committed to equal treatment for everyone regardless of their race. we stand with our global community in condemning racism and discrimination.


















privacy policy






click here to read our privacy policy








payments to the school






 
 











vsware account











quick links


updated calendar 2024-25


return to school schedule aug 2024


transition year registration 2024 - 2025


parent presentation on ty 2024-25


parent vsware app guide


student device how to order from wriggle


wriggle parent pack


transition year parent presentation


chosing 5th year subject options in vs ware


school books and e-books/how_to student email accounts tutorial


setting up parent vs ware account


attendance tips for parents


attendance and vs ware


students reports (using vs ware)


le chéile trust


smgs


student device video










latest






1st year parent breakfast presentation october 2023


















































































copyright 2025 by manor house school

			 | 
			

privacy policy

			 | 
			site by dws.ie















