


san francisco bay area wedding photographers - affordable



 











galleries  contact packages - price quote about helpful articles  sf bay area  city hall photography city hall prices menu - city hall  gallery previews and informationpalm event center weddingjefferson st mansion - beniciablackhawk country clubberkeley city clubmarin weddingdiscovery bay weddingblackhawk auto museumbay area wedding photographyindian weddingspalace of fine artswedding photography stylescomplete photo portfoliosgolden gate bridge photo tipswedding photojournalismfamily history photographylivermoresan franciscosan ramonsan josewalnut creekengagement sessionsquinceanera photographyequine photographersenior portraitshead shotsfamily portraits wedding and reception venues  mentoring programcity hall ceremony package detailscity hall elopement packagecity hall preferred package detailscity hall romance package detailscity hall san francisco tour packagescity hall  - reserved ceremonycity hall wedding of the monthcity hall plus north beachcity hall wedding - 2020city hall - asian wedding city hall san francisco photo tourcity hall - same-sexcity hall plus woodlinecity hall legion of honorcity hall package details  city hall wedding photo galleries  city hall planning tips sf city hall reviews city hall pricing and package questions recent city hall wedding pictures city hall - helpful hints city hall faq city hall sitemap city hall wedding album sample 







san francisco bay area wedding photographers - affordable prices
welcome to our san francisco bay area wedding photographers website with affordable pricing. mike dubnoff has been a top professional wedding photographer in the northern california area since 2002 with over 1,900 marriages covered. we offer discount packages and inexpensive prices for engaged couples on a budget. click contact us to check our availability for your sf bay area wedding. we are happy to discuss your wedding plans and create an affordable photography package to fit your needs for a large weekend wedding or san francisco city hall civil ceremony,our custom quote form  allows you to state your preferred budget and the type of wedding photography coverage you are looking for. in addition, we are one of the leading sf city hall wedding photographers. sf city hall weddings can also be a great way to save money on your low-cost marriage. let us create a reasonably priced custom package for your amazing san francisco bay area wedding by booking today!  we offer some of the best wedding photography packages for the price anywhere! plus we have been offering these photography services for over 20 years (10 years at city hall).





























































































experienced sf bay area wedding photography at low priceswe offer all levels of affordable wedding photography packages to our san francisco bay area engaged couples and have been doing it for over 20 years with 1,900 weddings creatively photographed. we
    encourage you to compare our prices and packages to other top sf bay area wedding photographers to fully understand what we are offering. from large weekend marriages to smaller san francisco city hall civil ceremonies, we have the photography packages
    to fit your budget. we want to hear about your budget requirements so we can provide you with a cheaper price quote that is cost-effective. we do everything possible to create a package that will work for you financially but still provide amazing wedding pictures. our vast
    experience in the northern california area has made us wedding photography experts and we would love to show you how beautiful your photos can be. it is important to make sure you receive everything you deserve for your money! read further to also see how we help all of our clients with wedding planning at no charge.what makes us different as your wedding photographer?the key difference with dubnoff wedding photography is that we listen to you! we won't waste your time telling you that we are the best sf bay area wedding photographer ever. instead, we focus on your needs and discover the specific requirements for your
    local event. during your personal photography consultation, we ask what you are looking for in a wedding photographer and then explain how our many years of experience fits in to your desires.  of course, the price is always
    an important consideration and we will listen to your budget concerns and provide an appropriate package. another attribute of our photography studio is that we really focus on providing helpful information to our clients about how to plan their san
    francisco bay area wedding.  we will provide you expert advice on all aspects of wedding planning and also photography. this assistance is provided at no charge and you do not need to book our photography service to qualify for help. i have always felt that it is important to carefully listen to what prospective clients are looking for in a wedding photographer. if our experience and pricing fits their needs and budget, then we can have a great conversation about how we can help them achieve their photography goals. in fact, the first question i often ask our future couple is: "what are the most important attributes you would love to have in your wedding photographer?"  quite honestly, some engaged couples answer this question
    by telling us that affordability and price is most important. others focus more on our wedding photography style and our substantial sf bay area experience.  the important thing is that we openly communicate to find out what is most important
    to our brides and grooms and then work together to provide it within their budget.  we are here to help you with all of your wedding photography needs in the sf bay area and beyond.how to book us to be your bay area wedding photographerwe have a very simple process to book our wedding photography studio to cover your san francisco bay area marriage. once you decide to hire us as your wedding photographer, just send us an email or text to let us know that you are ready to book. by that time,
    we will have already discussed our affordable wedding packages and will prepare an easy to read contract that reflects the type of photography coverage you desire. if you prefer making a phone call, that is fine too!  we take all calls that we can get to and rapidly call back the rest.our contracts are not full of legal ease and unpronounceable words. instead, we present our couples with a one-page contract that covers all the important things they need to know about our sf bay area wedding photography service. this includes details
    about the package, pricing and our easy payment plans. depending upon the cost of your package, your deposit will range from $350 to $500.  this deposit can be paid by zelle, paypal or venmo. if you choose paypal, we will send you a convenient invoice for the amount due. our contract will spell out all
    of the appropriate codes to use for each payment method. once you have signed and sent back the contract with your deposit, you are officially booked!  in most cases, the next payment will be due 1 week    before the wedding with the
    remaining balance due 2 weeks after. we are one of the few sf bay area wedding photographers that spread out your payments to make it easier for you to handle them financially. we also offer cash payment options, please email us for details
    regarding potential cash discounts (all cash payments must be made in person).local experience with san francisco bay area venuesover the years, we have photographed most of the popular wedding venues in the san francisco bay area including san francisco city hall multiple times. northern california cities where
    we have covered many weddings include san ramon, walnut creek, concord, clayton, antioch,
    livermore,
    danville, pleasanton, fremont, dublin, pleasant hill, oakland, berkeley, san mateo and other parts of the east bay. in addition, we have photographed multiple weddings in the great
    city of san francisco!
    these are just a few of the many locations we have photographed extensively throughout the sf bay area and east bay throughout the past 20 years. our approach to sf bay area wedding photography now includes the desire to offer our services at lower prices.
    if you want a better idea about our inexpensive pricing, please give us your event details when you contact us and let us know how much money you would like to spend on wedding photography. compare our pricing
    to other professional wedding photographers and you will be happily surprised. we will custom build an affordable quote for your northern california marriage. yes, we will travel down to the south bay at no additional charge.inexpensive sf bay area wedding photography packagesif you have read this far, you probably heard us talk quite a bit about our affordable prices and packages for our sf bay area wedding photography services. you might also be wondering how we can offer such high quality wedding pictures at discount prices.
    the answer is simple. we do not push pre-determined and rigid packages on our clients. we understand    that every san francisco bay area wedding is unique and different. this is why we provide perspective clients with our quote request form.
    this online request allows you to tell us what you want in your northern california wedding photography package and also lets us know your budget constraints. this helps keep our coverage flexible and custom built for your wedding needs.we understand that everyone has different financial limits for how much they want to spend on their wedding.  wedding photography should be an appropriate portion of this budget, but the exact  percentage is up to you. it has been discussed
    that 15% might be a good amount. letting us know  how much you want to spend up front helps us design the perfect photography package. our goal is to provide you with a reasonably priced photography package that helps you comes the closest to
    what you need for your sf bay area wedding.customization of your package is key to lower coststhe ability to customize your wedding coverage is a key factor in keeping your wedding photography low-cost. we do this by allowing our future clients to pick and choose the products that they may or may not want. the best news is that we are a full service
    sf bay area wedding photographer. this means we offer a full array of these products including, wedding albums, engagement sessions, prints and wall mounted portraits. any of these items can be included in your custom discount package or added on
    later as an option. this negotiable wedding package structure helps provide our clients exactly what they want at a price they can afford, but also offers them flexibility. i have also included this excellent article on how to save money on your wedding photographer. this article has some great advice and money saving tips related to wedding photography. we service the east bay, north bay and south bay and will travel throughout northern california with no extra charge. even as far away as sacramento! we have extensive experience in walnut creek, concord, danville, martinez and the san ramon valley corridor.
    we love photographing weddings in the pleasanton and livermore wine countries. beautiful grape vineyards are the perfect background for your wedding pictures. we have also covered many weddings in the napa and sonoma wine countries.free wedding venue site visits in northern california!we are also happy to join you on a wedding venue site visit to share our thoughts and ideas to make your marriage experience perfect. we feel like the best san francisco bay area wedding photographers should not charge for site visits and we never do!
    if we somehow have not photographed a wedding at your chosen venue, we are happy to check it out in advance. as mentioned, this can be done with the engaged couple or we can go on our own. we offer this service at no additional cost to you. in addition
    to learning more about your wedding and venue, we also use these visits to provide you with helpful information to assist you. our couples always tell us that we provided them with great ideas and insights during these visits! we have extensive experience at many sf bay area wedding venues, including the livermore valley wine country. contra costa county, alameda county and san mateo county are also places we have provided affordable wedding photography over
    the years. we do not charge for travel to any northern california wedding venue! this also includes sacramento and as far south as santa cruz. we also will work with you on your destination wedding no matter where that may be. just let us know your
    proposed wedding destination and we can work out the pricing and coverage details. getting married in italy? we speak some italian so consider us as your top destination wedding photographer choice for italian marriages!discount bay area wedding photographer with many culturesto be a highly-rated san francisco bay area wedding photographer means that you are constantly exposed to a very
    diverse client base. we love the experience we have had with so many different cultures and religions. this experience has allowed us to work with couples from many cultures, including catholic, filipino, greek, italian, jewish, and asian to name
    a few! many of these ceremonies require previous knowledge of the customs of each religion or culture in order to make sure important photos are not missed during the ceremony. we can provide you with all this experience and still offer great discounts.proper camera positioning could be vital in some of these cultural ceremonies to make sure we do not miss an important moment. we are always ready with our cameras no matter what occurs, but it does help to have some prior knowledge of the specific cultural traditions and ceremonies. with the diverse clientele that is present in the san francisco bay area, it is vital to have experience in these areas while keeping the prices reasonable. quinceanera photography in the sf bay areaone other cultural type of photography we offer is quinceañeras. bianca, our stylist and assistant photographer is fluent in spanish. if you're interested in learning more, please click sf bay area quinceañera photographer.    we are happy to cover the quince ceremony and reception party as well. some of the more popular destinations for this type of photography include the palace of fine arts and san francisco city hall.to find about more about what all the fuss is
    about, click the link to see our top yelp wedding photography reviews. we average 5 stars throughout all of
    our northern california yelp reviews. in addition, our dubnoff wedding photography yelp page ranks consistently at the top of the site because of our relevant and positive reviews.san francisco city hall wedding photography specialtyone of our specialties at dubnoff wedding photography is san francisco city hall weddings. yes, san francisco city hall is an amazing place to have your wedding photographed. a professional wedding photographer can escort you to any of the 4 floors (preferably
    all of them!) and capture some amazing images at bargain pricing. please check out our page that provide details on all of our low-cost san francisco city hall prices and packages for wedding photography.other photographic attributes of this amazing building include huge windows that let in natural light to make your photos even more memorable. there are a number of top san francisco city hall wedding photographers who understand this and will do an excellent
    job for you. before choosing one, be sure to check out their web pages to make sure they have lots of examples of photography in the interior of the building. it takes some experience to capture the beauty here without being fooled by the lighting.
    the building is laced with natural frames for great photo composition, which makes it the perfect place for you to hire a professional. we also cover your weddings at other city halls throughout northern california. examples of some of these other
    civil ceremony locations include: san ramon, alameda, martinez, marin, santa clara, san mateo, san jose, and sonoma to name a few. save money with a sf city hall wedding!

        a great way to save money on your wedding is to have it at san francisco city hall. the cost for a civil ceremony is a very cheap $103. your marriage license will only cost $120. city hall offers an elegant wedding venue with
        old world charm for pennies on the dollar. this allows you to spend money on other important things like your honeymoon! the most amazing thing about the price for the civil ceremony is that it includes an officiant for free! of course, we encourage
        you to also hire a reasonably priced professional wedding photographer to capture all of this beauty. don't trust your precious memories to a friend or relative, hire a pro! we have highly-rated reviews throughout the internet to back this up.more importantly, the most experienced sf city hall wedding photographers understand that the grand staircase is not the only place to obtain great images in the building. we will take you there, but also to the many other great places available for
        beautiful photos. each of the 4 floors offer something different in terms of unique wedding pictures. our city hall main menu will lead you to sf city hall discount pricing,
        packages, galleries and helpful information about how to get married there. our wedding photography packages for city hall are especially affordable. general thoughts on wedding photography in northern californiai wanted to share some general thoughts about photographing weddings in the northern california area. i have been one of the leading bay area wedding photographers for over 20 years and feel that this is a premier region of the country to have
            your wedding. i say this because the weather here is so beautiful and predictable, but also there are so many amazing places and venues available to a bride and groom. i have only recently made the decision to offer my wedding photography
            services at lower prices to help serve the community. if you go through this website, you will find many examples of full weddings that we photographed at some of these northern california venues. this also includes weddings that were photographed specifically in the city of san francisco, but also
            concord, walnut creek, san ramon, berkeley, oakland, danville, pleasanton, livermore to name a few. in fact, another specialty of ours is livermore winery weddings. we have
            photographed dozens of weddings in the livermore and pleasanton wine country area. our economical pricing and packages are designed to allow our clients to customize them to fit their needs and budget. we also offer special discounts including military, cash, and off-season.advantages of sf bay area wedding venues
predictable weather 8 months per year
beautiful and affordable wedding venues with many options
huge selection of some of the best wedding vendors in the country
transportation convenience for you and your guests since this is a major hub
less expensive choices for the budget conscious
high end options as well at fancy country clubs
large variety of venue options, from beach locations to napa vineyards
cheap civil marriages at beautiful san francisco city hall
wine country weddings in napa, sonoma, and livermorewe have a page dedicated to these wine country weddings so feel free to click the link above for more information and a list of all of the wineries where we have photographed weddings. you can view some recent weddings by checking out our gallery
            pages from our main menu. some of our favorite winery venues include wente vineyards, ruby hill, garre, del
            valle, murrieta's well, and the palm event center. we will take you and your new spouse out into the vineyards for great wedding pictures. many of these inexpensive
            winery venues will allow the newlyweds to head out deep into the vineyard around sunset for some amazing photos. ruby hill, in particular has some great vineyard locations that look amazing at sunset!2 professional photographers for each weddingall weddings booked through dubnoff wedding photography will have 2 experienced professional photographers present to serve you and your guests. i always shoot each wedding personally assisted by one of my exceptional photographers. i use the
            same assistant wedding photographers that have been on our team for many years. in addition, our stylist and posing expert, bianca is available for most weddings at no additional charge. i never use outside photography contractors like so
            many others do. would you hire a temp agency to photograph your northern california wedding? we never would! instead we use experienced professional wedding photographers who have worked with us extensive in the past.san francisco bay area wedding photographer at discount prices






