







boca radiology group






















561.391.1728








 toggle navigation  
 






home
about us
men's health ...

imaging...

prostate mri
prostate ultrasound
axumin pet scan


interventions...

prostate artery embolization
mri/us fused transperineal biopsy
clinical cases
fiducial placement
hifu cancer therapy

about our medical director
contact us



women's health ...

imaging...

advanced imaging
breast mri
molecular breast imaging 
positron emission mamography
sentinel node imaging


center for breast care
women's imaging update



procedures ...

cardiac...

cardiac imaging
cardiac & coronary cta
cardiac mri


ct
                  screening...

cardiac scoring
lung ca screening
virtual colonoscopy

men's health
women's health
uterine artery embolization (uae)
vertebroplasty
more...



locations

brrh
rayus
teleradiology


contact























1
2
3
4
5
6









 

          boca radiology group (brg) is a division of mori, bean, and brooks, inc., a leader in the florida imaging market, and provides exceptional, high quality, compassionate care throughout florida.  brg offers palm beach county's most prestigious and
          sophisticated imaging services- including mri, ct, ultrasound, angiography,
          interventional, virtual colonoscopy, cardiac imaging, mammography, pet scan,
          bone density, and nuclear medicine. brg has served boca raton
            regional
            hospital (brrh) since its opening in 1967, where we provide comprehensive
          imaging in boca raton and deerfield beach at the hospital and its affiliated imaging
          centers. we service the remainder of palm beach county with our state of the art
          rayus radiology, florida southeast locations in boca
          raton, delray beach,
          boynton beach, wellington,  west palm beach, and palm beach gardens. our centers have earned a national reputation for
          quality and excellence in providing superb diagnostic imaging, thoughtful patient
          care, and radiological interpretations that are second to none. boca radiology
          group also offers high quality subspecialty interpretations throughout the united
          states via the internet utilizing high-speed, hipaa- compliant teleradiology.
          














ada compliance policy:
            in accordance with the american with disabilities act, boca radiology group strives to ensure that our web
            site is accessible to individuals with disabilities. if you have any questions or suggestions regarding the
            accessibility of this site, please contact us via email or call us at 561.391.1728, so we can ensure you
            receive the information you are seeking.
© 2023 boca radiology group, a radiology partners practice | all rights reserved | references to the practice, boca, radiology associates of south florida, radiology partners, radpartners and rp include its managed and owned medical practices that provide radiology services to patients throughout the united states, including mori, bean, and brooks, inc.












