





a+ resumes for teachers | education resume writing service



















































blog



      		follow candace
    	

       		toll free: 1-877-738-8052


ebooks!
















 a+ resumes for teachers








prices & services
teacher resume samples
download educational ebooks
cover letter samples
philosophy statements
education job search tips
teacher / principal interview tips
english second language
social networking
teacher resume writing tips
changing careers to/from teaching
cover letter tips







get a teacher resume that generates interviews!





we don’t just write resumes for teachers. over the last 16 years, we have written job search documents for all occupations and positions in education.
helping teachers, school principals, and other educators to move their career forward by writing resumes, cover letters and more is what we do best.
if you are tired of wasting time figuring out the art of writing a resume for a teaching job, or overcoming career obstacles, contact us for resume writing help to secure interviews.
we would love to partner with you!
your teacher resume or cv curriculum vitae and application letter should be the marketing tools that help you land the position that is perfect for you. we offer effective, confidential, certified professional resume  writing for:

school teachers
college instructors and university professors
corporate trainers
school administrators
classroom teacher aides
school counselors
education consultants 
instructional leaders
educational leaders
and everyone else in the education field! 

 
professional resume writing services plus...



academic curriculum vitaes / cvs
philosophy of education statements
philosophy of administration and leadership
philosophy of discipline management
cover / application letters
teaching philosophy statements
linkedin profile writing
linkedin traffic generation




interview coaching
career coaching
social media job search coaching
10 educator career ebooks
job search assistance 
job search networking
biography and autobiography writing
thank you letters



we pride ourselves on writing tailored teacher resumes to communicate the unique value you bring to a school district or organization. customer service is paramount to us. we make sure you are looked after in a timely and professional manner. treat others as you would expect to be treated is our motto and we stand by it. we provide service via email or over the phone, whichever suits you best. your success is our success! 

i was very pleased to work with candace. her resume generated more than ten interviews, and i could move from being a spanish teacher to a technology teacher. i recommend her to anyone who is looking to have a professional resume, cover letter, and philosophy of education. she rocks!!!
~ henrique vissotto - educator

hire a teacher resume writer with unmatched personalized service
your career success is our priority. it's our passion and expertise!
how our resume writing service works plus frequently asked questions.
 
at a+ resumes for teachers our expert career and employment professionals design resumes for educational professionals, such as, but certainly not limited to:



educational leadership positions
elementary teacher
physical education teacher
adjunct college instructor
media librarian specialist
special education teacher
e-learning specialist
substitute teacher
music teacher
director of education
university professor




school secretary
esl/tesol teacher
online instructor
school administrator
kindergarten teacher
school counselor
school assistant principal
corporate trainer
school district superintendent
student teacher
teacher's aide



 
you know you’re a knockout educator, so why can’t you  land a teacher interview?
the competition can be tough! you must showcase your credentials, skills, and expertise in the right manner. as a specialized teacher resume writing service, we know what works and will position you ahead of your competition. shop around - is there another dual certified  professional resume writing service that specializes in education resumes and curriculum vitaes? 
over the last 16+ years we have developed approx. 8500 academic resumes, curriculum vitaes / cvs application letters, linkedin profiles, teaching philosophy statements, and other job search documents in the education industry.

"candace took the time to get to know my personal strengths and goals as an educator. with that information, she developed a resume and cover letter that fit me perfectly.both the resume and cover letter got a lot of attention when sent to various employers. next year i will be teaching abroad in my dream job"
nora scherschel

a+ resumes for teachers guarantees 100% satisfaction. see our testimonials and find out why our clients enjoy partnering with us. here are some other reasons why you should hire us to help you advance your education career.

time tested - successfully helped teachers, administrators, and other educational professionals around the world for 16+ years secure excellent positions quickly, easily, and with less stress. 
proven performance - backed up with a top-notch guarantee, extensive testimonials, and a high referral rate. 
unique job search documents - no teacher resume templates - customized resume and cover letter that will enhance and showcase your qualifications and accomplishments.
worldwide resume writing and interview coaching service - the majority of our clients come from the united states, therefore our pricing is in u.s. currency. however, we enjoy working with international clients, and have developed compelling job search documents for customers around the globe.
customer service focused - we want you to be happy with the final results. this includes making any necessary revisions until you are 100% satisfied. 
no hidden costs - we list resume writing services and pricing on the website, so you know what your investment is right from the start. 
secured server - get started right away. within minutes you can have the education specific worksheet delivered right to your email box as an ms word attachment. 
expertise - we can help you with every aspect of your job search. candace has earned the following credentials and is a dual certified resume writer.
				learn more about candace alstad-davies.
				cprw - certified professional resume writer
				carw - certified advanced resume writer 
				cic - certified interview coach
				ceip - certified employment interview preparation 
				accc - associate certified career coach
				cecc certified electronic career coach.
with additional professional social media training in:
				social media success summit 2015, 2016
				social media management tools 2015
				numerous courses on twitter, facebook, linkedin, pinterest, google+, instagram and how they relate to job search and growing contacts or followings.
confidential service - we are very discreet when contacting clients; be assured your personal information will never be shared. 
we have an education specific development team plus two "certified" professional resume writers to review your completed documents. 

expertise in education resume keywords to get past applicant tracking systems
you’ll be thrilled to know that our career experts understand and speak educational "lingo;" they know the teaching structure and work concepts of the education system. we offer you modern resume writing techniques and up-to-date keywords; in other words, we know what works and what doesn't.
we are knowledgeable about the education and career trends, buzzwords and language that are specific to your profession. these words are essential to optimize your job search, and need to be incorporated in your education resume, cover letter, and linkedin profile. 
without them, your teacher resume will not pass the ats scanning process that many schools, organizations, businesses and faculties are using to screen applicants - it will not be placed in the "to be interviewed pile." 
don’t put off your dream teacher, school administrator, or any other education career, let us help move your career forward!
review our resume prices & services 
 
review our teacher resume examples here or teacher cover letter samples here.
 
if you require more information or  have any questions - contact candace at candoco@telus.net or call toll-free 1-877-738-8052.
 





a+ teachers' interview edge (2nd edition) contains 152 teacher specific interview questions and potential answers to prepare you for your next education interview. discover not just what interview questions they'll ask you at your next interview... but also how to answer those questions to ensure you land your dream job! 
find out more about a+ teachers' interview edge.



a+ principals' interview edge (2nd edition) contains 152 principal / administrator specific interview questions and potential answers to prepare you for your next interview. in today's competitive marketplace, you need to be fully prepared and nothing will have you more prepared to ace an interview than knowing the questions in advance! 
find out more about a+ principals' interview edge.





candace alstad-davies  |  email: candoco@telus.net
toll free: 1-877-738-8052  |  local / int'l: 780-513-0010
privacy policy  |  about us  |  contact
© a+ resumes for teachers   2001 - 2025




sign-up to receive free career tips and strategies


			first name: 

			email: 












 
 











