







contractors license - your guide to california contractor’s license























  





































408-243-1212



30% off any purchase

download application






register
my cart : 










toggle navigation














kits & products

new contractor licenses
c61 limited specialty
trade only courses











why choose us?

our contact information
about us
why work with us
testimonials
benefits of being licensed
do i need a license
unlicensed contractor
our 200% guarantee



our kits include 

application-licensing support
course study materials
online exam center benefits
shipping charges
courses and kit pricing



  studying tips


license application 


apply now 

























download your application now.


complete. online. streaming.courses.


 200%. guaranteed. to pass


















select one of the above licensing kits that best meets your needs!

#1 select... the trade course that matches your experience and business goals
#2 order... the kit that best fits your learning style and dvd or cd players
#3 study... the course manuals and follow along by listening to the instructors
#4 memorize... the sample questions in the books, then practice testing online
#5 application... we review your application and you cna send it in
#6 after you pass... send the final forms, and receive your license







new contractor licenses
 

view more





c61 limited specialty
 


view more





trade only courses
 

view more
















our kit’s include:
benefits and features



easy to use home study courses
free updated practice exam questions


study at your time, at your own pace
bonus online practice exam center


live contractors licensing support
200% pass or money back guarantee


free state application reviews
includes required state documents


courses instructors on dvds & cds
free shipping for new license kits


study manuals for each trade
everything needed to get your license


sample exam questions with answers
98% pass the state exam the first time


answers include helpful explanations
we’ve licensed over 50,000 contractors









get your california state contractor’s license! today...


contact us






california contractor’s state exam preparation







welcome to contactors license, where we provide everything you need to get your contractor’s license in california. contractors license provides dvds, study manuals and practice test questions specific to your trade to better prepare you for your contractor’s exam. while other california contractors’ schools only offer prep classes on their schedule, contractors license offers contractor’s state exam preparation in an at-home curriculum format to allow you to study and prepare on your own schedule. contractors license also offers all of the necessary paperwork so you can file with the state to get your california contractor’s license.
contractors license not only offers contracting licensing courses, but also offers licensing checklists for your specialty trade to help keep you organized. additionally, at contractorslicense.com, we are always here to advise and support you - even after you pass the test for your california state contractor license! for convenience, customer service - and results - you cannot beat contractorslicense.com. to learn more about all of our contractors home study licensing kits - including the one designed to help you get your california electrical contractor’s license - we invite you to read through the informative articles on the following web pages.




































company

course study materials
why work with us
testimonials



quick links

disclaimer 
privacy policy
terms and conditions



account

my account
contact us
469 668 3175



connect with us









certifications












we accept payments through credit cards only





design and developed by  designs raptor




















×
upload new image


previous image

upload new image



choose file
no file chosen...







close
upload image














