




  


  login





































































 

















 






 
 








training programs  •  e-courses  •  scenarios  • available 24/7 on any device •  by police  for police










username



password










remember?



lost password?















welcome to the ontario police video training alliance.
this site is for the distribution of training materials to authorized police personnel.







the opvta is a non-profit means of providing professional, cost-effective in-service training to ontario’s law enforcement community. formed in 1996, our audience has grown to over 27,000 police officers, representing 77 agencies in ontario and beyond.
all opvta programs are produced by the members of the niagara regional police service video unit, whose body of work has resulted in international recognition and nearly 200 awards for production excellence since 1982. 
the opvta’s elected board is constitutionally required to consist of members from small, medium and large departments, as well as the opp and toronto police service. training officers from our member services meet several times per year to discuss common training issues and select topics for production.
opvta materials are carefully reviewed to ensure they are consistent with both opc standards and provincial/federal legislation.  the opvta has also been endorsed by the ontario association of chiefs of police, the canadian association of chiefs of police, the ontario association of police educators and the canadian association of police educators.
opvta membership fees are based on a sliding scale, adjusted according to authorized sworn (police) strength. associate memberships are also available for accredited agencies outside of ontario.



 










 your name
 

 your email
 

 your agency
 

 subject
 

 your message (optional)
 









 opvta and it’s programs have been officially endorsed by these agencies.

 
 
 





© 2025 ontario police video training alliance.



 
 
 
 
 



   























 
