




























home - lincoln institute of land policy

























































































español


português
















main navigation
our workimpact areasland and waterland and fiscal systemsland and communitiesresearch and cross-cutting initiativeswhere we workunited states and canadalatin america and the caribbeaneuropeafricachina and asiacenters & initiativesbabbitt center for land and water policycenter for geospatial solutionsclaremont lincoln universityconsortium for scenario planninginternational land conservation networksee all centers & initiativespublications & resourcesnew book: city techpublicationsland lines magazinebookspolicy focus reports & briefsworking & conference papersother publicationssee all publicationslearning resourcescase studiesself-paced coursesexplainer videoswebinarsmultimediavideosland matters podcastmaking sense of placedatadata & toolsfiscally standardized citiessignificant features of the property tax®️state-by-state property tax at a glancelegacy citiesvertical equity appsee all data & toolscourses & eventseventsheir property conference: evolving challenges, tactics and strategies   consortium for scenario planning 2025 conferencesee all eventscourses2025 fundamentals of municipal finance credentialfinanciación urbana y políticas de suelo: revisión a partir de la experiencia colombianasee all coursesendowmentaboutview annual reportwho we aremessage from the chair of the board and presidentboard of directorsstaffannual reportwork with uscareersresearch and fellowship opportunitiesprocurement requests for proposals contactfor mediacontact usdavid c. lincoln conference center 





















finding answers in land
 






 


how city-clt partnerships preserve affordable homeownership

municipal partnerships with community land trusts
new report




 


analyzing property tax rates in more than 100 us cities

this report on property taxes paid in 2023 highlights the large inequities created by assessment limits.
new report






the lincoln institute of land policy seeks to improve quality of life through the effective use, taxation, and stewardship of land. 





learn how we work to achieve our vision.









our impact areas



 
land and water



 
land and fiscal systems



 
land and communities








learn more about our research and cross-cutting initiatives.







our mission
a nonprofit private operating foundation whose origins date to 1946, the lincoln institute researches and recommends creative approaches to land as a solution to economic, social, and environmental challenges. through education, training, publications, and events, we integrate theory and practice to inform public policy decisions worldwide.


where we work













































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 


explainer video

balancing act: the property tax–school funding dilemma


                        this explainer video examines the roles of local property tax and state aid in funding public education. the video traces the history of funding for public schools while exploring the strengths and challenges of these two revenue sources, ultimately emphasizing that a well-designed combination of both revenue sources is essential for funding education in the united states.                    
watch the video






recent publications







see all publications





 

city tech

by rob walker

book
technology and tools




 

mayor’s desk

by anthony flint with a foreword by michael bloomberg and afterword by angela d. brooks

book
local government




 

preserving affordable homeownership

by john emmeus davis and kristin king-ries

policy focus report
housing




 

updates on the state of statewide housing policy: new insights into implementation and results 

semida munteanu, jenny schuetz, and sydney zelinka

policy downloads
housing








 

land lines

current issue: 

                        october 2024                    

this issue includes an exploration of the historic federal investment in clean energy manufacturing in legacy cities, a photographic guide to density, and conversations with researchers who are past recipients of lincoln institute fellowships.
subscribe




reversal of fortune: a clean energy manufacturing boom for legacy cities 
by anthony flint, july 8, 2024


what does 15 units per acre look like?
by jon gorey, september 18, 2024



see all articles










            opportunity        





lincoln vibrant communities fellows program spring 2025
deadline: february 18, 2025 at 11:59 pm


the lincoln vibrant communities fellows program is a six-month hybrid program for public sector leaders who are already engaged in, or who aspire to create, critical change in their communities.








            event        





highlights from the i’m home manufactured housing industry benchmark report
march 13, 2025


kimberly vermeer and grant beck will reflect on how the i’m home manufactured housing industry benchmark report can be used to advance the network’s vision of high-quality, durable, healthy and energy-efficient manufactured housing for all. 








            course        





financiación urbana y políticas de suelo: revisión a partir de la experiencia colombiana
march 17, 2025 – march 21, 2025


el curso examina cómo la gestión del suelo y la movilización de plusvalías pueden ayudar a atender algunos de los desafíos que enfrentan los gobiernos subnacionales como el financiamiento de infraestructura y vivienda asequible. 









            opportunity        





2025 c. lowell harriss dissertation fellowship program
deadline: march 3, 2025 at 6:00 pm


the lincoln institute’s c. lowell harriss dissertation fellowship program assists phd students whose research complements the institute’s interest in property valuation and taxation. applications are due march 3, 2025, by 6:00 p.m. et.   

 








            event        





lincoln institute session at the 2025 association for education finance & policy conference
march 13, 2025


planning to attend the aefp conference in washington, dc? join the lincoln institute on march 13, 10:00–11:30 a.m. for a policy dialogue exploring lessons learned about financing k–12 education in the us. 








            course        





foundations of local government finance in the united states
self-pacedonline


this online self-paced course provides an overview of how local governments in the u.s. raise and spend money for the public services and infrastructure that are foundational to a high quality of life.















get the latest land policy updates
subscribe to receive the monthly digital edition of our magazine, land lines, and occasional announcements.



    subscribe  














































linkedin
instagram
facebook
x
youtube
podcasts

lincoln institute of land policy © 2024
113 brattle st, cambridge, ma 02138-3400 usa
help
privacy
terms of service
 














