


a day in the life
























    
	a day in the life
	
  


about me

name:  mamastacela 
location:  united states 
i am a 37 year-old suburban housewife with two daughters and a crazy dog.  i have a seemingly normal life, but i try to find something extraordinary in everything i do.
view my complete profile

previous posts

there's always time for a quickie
it's a goofy world after all
when life hands you lemons, make gatorade
you gonna eat that?
kill the pig!  spill its blood!
the year in review
if i were a bigger crab, i'd be allergic to myself
what the hell is "auld lang syne," anyway?
burning down the house
embrace your nerdiness

archives

january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
august 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
september 2007
october 2007
january 2008











thursday, january 31, 2008



	 
	 there's always time for a quickie
	 
    


now that i've got your attention, you dirty-minded ruffians, i am just making a quick post of five things i've learned over the past several days.  since nothing exciting seems to be going on, other than my basement getting finished, i can only come up with five.  so here it goes:1.  contrary to popular belief, carpenters do not all listen to heavy metal or country music.  the guys who are slaving away in my basement, subsisting on a daily diet of red bull and mcdonalds, listen to lite fm.  as i was checking my email tuesday morning, i heard cheap trick's "the flame" blaring at about 300 decibels.  so these scruffy guys who drive up every morning in their pickup trucks and work boots have a soft side.  who knew?2.  contrary to shakira's belief, hips do lie.  for the last six months or so, i have been taking zumba classes at my health club.  zumba is a trademarked name for aerobic latin dancing.  it's like jazzercise but in spanish.  i really hope that the powers-that-be at my gym don't make a promotional video with a zumba class in it.  not that i'm criticizing my fellow workout pals, but none of us look particularly graceful doing this.  the only thing i can say for myself is that i have rhythm.  at least i have that, because i totally lack finesse.  on top of how pitiful i look in my efforts to look sultry- or at least coordinated- this class has taken its toll on my hips.  for about 36 hours after taking a zumba class, i feel as if i have been astride the world's fattest horse for three days.  why do i keep going back, you might ask?  because it's damn fun, and my hips try to reassure me that they won't hurt next time.  hence, they lie.3.  if you add cooked pasta to campbell's tomato soup, it tastes remarkably like chef boyardee.  enough said.4.  if you ever think it would be a good idea to set your dvr to record a marathon of "biggest loser: australia," it's not.  my husband and i recorded said marathon over new year's, and we still have 20 episodes left.  unlike american "biggest loser," the aussie version consists of about five episodes between eliminations.  each of those episodes is 30 minutes, while the elimination episode is an hour.  sometimes, it is like watching paint dry.  but it is sort of fun to watch them get weighed in kilos and try to convert that number to pounds.  it keeps my math skills sharp.  (i'm going to tell everybody my weight in kilos from now on.  it makes me sound skinny.  but i digress.)  other than that, it's a total waste of time.  we could be utilizing our free time to watch something better, like "celebrity apprentice."  oh, wait...5.  no matter how good an idea you think it is, do not leave your pedicure in flip-flops if there is snow on the ground or falling from the sky.  or both, as was the case with me today.  give the polish enough time to dry, and then put on your sensible shoes, just like your mom told you to.  she knew what she was talking about, believe you me.and now, if you'll excuse me, i'm going to put on my flip-flops and do some zumba to celine dion and the eagles.  after all, i have some kilos to burn after my lunch of tomato soup and pasta.



posted by mamastacela @ 3:22 pm 

      
         1 comments






thursday, january 24, 2008



	 
	 it's a goofy world after all
	 
    


have you been enjoying my recent posts? no, it's not april fool's; i have been slacking once again.last friday, we returned from a trip to walt disney world. about a year ago, marathon man decided to enroll in the goofy challenge. on saturday, there is a half-marathon, and finishers receive a donald duck medal. on sunday, there is a full marathon, and finishers receive a mickey mouse medal. for the 3,000 people insane enough to consider, let alone complete, both races in the same weekend, they receive a goofy medal.so the four of us, plus my mother-in-law, flew down to orlando on friday, january 11, leaving behind the frigid midwestern air for central florida sunshine. we began our relaxing vacation with a delayed flight, a 45-minute bus ride to our hotel, a long check-in line at the hotel, another bus ride to the marathon expo and a quick cafeteria meal back at the hotel at 8:30 p.m. fortunately, for all the females in the group, we knew it would be more peaceful and relaxing once saturday rolled around. for the lone male, marathon man, it was off to bed with a 3:00 wake-up call for saturday morning.the logistics of the race were a little tedious. saturday morning, marathon man had to wake up at 3:00, in order to catch a bus by 4:00, in order to begin the race at 6:00. sunday morning was lather, rinse, repeat. both races go through each of the four parks, and marathon man ran with a camera and had his picture taken with various disney characters along the course.if you read my last post (sadly dated october 10, 2007), you know that my husband raced in the now infamous 2007 chicago marathon. the mornings of both races were by no means as hot or humid as that day, but the sun was fairly bright and the temperatures were probably in the mid-70s by the time he was done running. while that is pleasant and wonderful, especially in january, it is hot for marathoning. but marathon man finished both races in one piece and the real vacation could begin.saturday afternoon, both marathon man and my mother-in-law needed naps, so i took the girls down to the pool. it turned out to be the only real pool-worthy day, and i sat on a deck chair with a book and my cell phone and proceeded to call several friends and "inform" them of the beautiful weather we were having. i'm not sure how well my calls were received, but karma bit me with temperatures in the low to mid-60s and clouds for the rest of the week.we four females went to the epcot parking lot sunday morning to watch our husband/father/son finish, and then we went into the park to begin our disney fun. marathon man went back to the hotel to shower and have lunch, and then he met up with us that afternoon to see the sights of epcot.for me, this was my fourth time visiting wdw. i went with my family in fourth and seventh grade, and we went there on our honeymoon. (side note: i would not recommend wdw at the end of june; it was ridiculously hot and we got terrible sunburns at blizzard beach. but i digress.) there were a lot of attractions and shows that i remember visiting on my previous visits, but disney does such an amazing job of adding new attractions or updating existing ones.among my favorite things at epcot are spaceship earth (a.k.a. "the golf ball") and the world showcase. i could spend a week there, visiting each of the different pavilions. i have a friend who did a "drink around the world," which would be a lot of fun. not that you necessarily have to get inebriated; it would just be neat to sample a beer from japan, a wine from norway, etc. we also got to experience soarin' for the first time, which takes you on a virtual hang-gliding ride over california. when you fly over the orange groves, they actually pump the smell of oranges around you. they don't miss a trick!for dinner that night, we went to norway and had a princess dinner at the akershus royal banquet hall. my girls had their autograph books with them, and they got to meet belle, ariel, cinderella, princess jasmine and princess aurora (sleeping beauty). we also had a delicious norwegian meal, and i tried venison for the first time. i'm not sure how pc it was to eat bambi at a disney theme park, but i really enjoyed it. our younger daughter also got a cupcake and birthday card signed by all of the princesses, including some who were not there. afterwards, we parked ourselves at the entrance to the world showcase and watched illuminations, which is the fireworks and light show that epcot puts on every night. it was truly beautiful, and the girls' faces were as lit up as the night sky.on monday, we went to the magic kingdom. overall, this is still my favorite park, because you can be such a kid and nobody judges you. i saw people twice my age walking around in mouse ears, and there were no men in white coats anywhere to be found. naturally, we hit space mountain first, and my younger daughter (who just turned six yesterday) was screaming and squealing behind me the entire time. she's a little short for her age, so she was excited beyond belief that she could actually ride it. we also went on some of the classics, such as it's a small world, snow white, the carousel of progress and buzz lightyear. we also saw philharmagic, which is an amazing 3-d movie, the hall of presidents and the newly renovated haunted mansion.that night, we had another character dinner at the crystal palace. pooh and his friends came around, and our almost-birthday girl got a special birthday cake and a card signed by her friends from the hundred acre wood. we finished just in time to see the fireworks and then headed back to the hotel, exhausted and exhilarated at the same time.on tuesday, we went to the contemporary and had breakfast at chef mickey's. mickey, minnie, goofy, pluto and donald came around to visit all of us, and we stuffed ourselves silly with challah french toast, blintzes and lox. for a minute, i thought i was at a bar mitzvah! then we headed over to the newly renamed disney hollywood studios. somehow, i worked up enough nerve to go on the twilight zone tower of terror. i don't consider myself a wimp by any means, but there is something really scary about being in an elevator that drops 100 miles an hour- in the dark. but so many people go on and survive, i convinced myself that i would be ok. here are my thoughts on the tower of terror:it freaked me out.after about three rises and falls, i couldn't tell whether i was going up or down anymore.it freaked me out.after about three rises and falls, i began to wonder when this flippin' ride would be over.did i mention it freaked me out?stupidly enough, i also decided to go on the rock and roller coaster. this ride is really cool, actually, and if you can tolerate listening to aerosmith the entire time you're waiting.... rock on! the only part that concerned me was going from zero to 60 in 2.8 seconds. i don't remember much from high school physics, but that seems kind of fast. but once you get over the initial shock of your face being blown behind you, it's a pretty typical roller coaster, with a loop, some corkscrews and lots of drops and turns.that night, we had dinner at hollywood and vine, which was a 1940s-style diner. there weren't any characters at this meal, but we still enjoyed ourselves.on wednesday, we headed over to disney's animal kingdom. this was the first visit for my husband and me, and the first thing we did was ride expedition everest. once again, our younger daughter was big enough to ride it, and, although she was scared witless of the yeti, she really loved it. she even bought a little yeti in the gift shop that she named eddie, and our older daughter chose a sweatshirt to commemorate her conquering of everest.we then went on a safari, which was really cool. you ride in this open-sided jeep/bus thing, and the animals are in plain view. we saw elephants, lions, hippos, rhinos and various antelopey/gazelley critters. we then went over to dinoland and rode the ride, dinosaur, which resulted in our younger daughter having a small apoplectic fit when the dinosaur roared at her. she scares fairly easily, but that didn't stop her from wanting to go on it again. which we did. and she got scared. again.we had lunch at the tusker house, which is an african-style buffet. we enjoyed samosas, couscous, various salads and prime rib with african spices. it was very different and delicious. after lunch, we walked around the park and were pretty much done with it by dinnertime. so we headed back to our hotel and had dinner there.one of the great things about visiting wdw during this particular week is that it was relatively quiet. american kids are back in school, and it's not a popular wedding season. the one group who did stand out, however, were brazilian tourists. they are on their summer vacation, and so we saw lots of groups walking through the parks, speaking portuguese and following their leaders' raised pennants.thursday, we headed back to the magic kingdom and did everything we weren't able to do on monday. we went on peter pan's flight, which is still a classic, space mountain two more times, the jungle cruise and pirates of the caribbean. we also saw the country bear jamboree and the enchanted tiki room. we had a colonial-style lunch at the liberty tree tavern and got to see every single attraction at least once more. we also saw spectra magic, which used to be the main street electrical parade. it got a late start due to some undisclosed reason, but it was well worth the wait.it was back to epcot for part of the day on friday. we had scheduled an evening flight so we could spend at least part of the day at one of the parks. so we got there first thing in the morning and went on the rides we weren't able to on sunday, such as mission: space and test track. we also went on soarin' one more time and sat in the front row, which is 150 times better than sitting elsewhere.at about 1:30, we headed back to the hotel to catch the bus to the airport. while we had an amazing time and the girls had a blast, i was anxious to get back home and sleep in my own bed. i wasn't looking forward to heading back to temperatures that were literally 70 degrees lower than what we were leaving behind, but home is home. again, our flight was delayed, but we had a safe and uneventful flight home. life is returning back to normal, slowly but surely. i have conquered mt. laundry, and now we are preparing for a family birthday party this weekend and the beginning of our basement remodeling next week. when that's done, i'm going to disney world!



posted by mamastacela @ 3:08 pm 

      
         0 comments






wednesday, october 10, 2007



	 
	 when life hands you lemons, make gatorade
	 
    


this past sunday, marathon man ran his 20th marathon.  it was our hometown race, the lasalle bank chicago marathon, and it was his seventh time running this particular race.  for the second year in a row, marathon man signed up to be a pace team leader for the four-hour group.  his training had gone very well, particularly after we returned home from our cruise, and he was prepared to help dozens of people achieve their goals by helping them cross the finish line in their desired times.for several days leading up to the race, the weather report was not looking particularly favorable.  marathon man does not do well in heat.  for him, the ideal temperature is about 42 at the start, a high of about 55 and a bit of cloud cover.  bright sun, humidity and heat are his three forms of race day kryptonite.  the anticipated high was about 84 degrees with high humidity.  in fact, the marathon office sent an email to all participants on thursday with advisories about the heat and how to recognize the warning signs of heat exhaustion.  although he was dreading running a particularly uncomfortable race, marathon man did everything he could prior to the race to minimize ill effects. typically, i am bundled up at the start of the race in a jacket, gloves and sometimes a headwrap.  my marathon mantra is: if i'm comfortable, marathon man is miserable.  so it's a good thing if i'm cold at the start.  sunday morning, the girls and i headed to our usual corner (columbus and monroe) not even wearing light jackets.  it was about 7:15, and already the sun was proving to be bright and intense.  the air was also rather soupy with humidity.  i don't have a mantra for this, but if i'm miserable, i can't even imagine how marathon man is feeling.  nonetheless, the race began at 8:00, and marathon man ran past us, looking excited and ready to lead his pace team to a projected four-hour finish.my normal routine is to watch the entire procession of runners cross the start line.  the entire process takes about 30 minutes, as there were 45,000 runners registered for the race.  after the last runner has passed me, i make my way down about a quarter-mile to the bleachers and wait for the wheelchair athletes, the male winners, the female winners and marathon man.  again, i'm usually cold to barely comfortable, but i really enjoy watching the elite athletes finish, and it's so inspiring to watch the everyman and everywoman complete such an enormous undertaking.  it's worth a little bit of shivering.as the girls and i walked to the finish line, we passed a new balance tent that was selling marathon gear, as well as providing water and power bars free of charge to anybody who passed by.  we each grabbed a bottle of water and sat down to wait.when i sat down, i felt a trickle of sweat running down my back, and the sun was blinding.  as gross as i was feeling, i was beginning to dread the sights the girls might see at the finish line.  in just about every marathon i've witnessed, i have seen runners do face plants, cramp up, stumble like newborn giraffes and weave as though intoxicated.  it happens under the most favorable of circumstances, so i could only imagine what would occur on a day with record-setting heat and humidity.  the temperature peaked at about 89 degrees- in the shade.at about 11:30, the race officials made the call to cancel the race for the first time in its 30-year history.  helicopters circled overhead, advising runners to walk.  runners who had not yet made it to the half-marathon point were put on buses and transported to grant park, near the finish line.  other runners were diverted off the course to get to the finish line.without going into great detail of marathon man's personal race, he struggled, eventually finishing all 26.2 miles in four hours and 54 minutes.  none of his fellow pace team leaders finished on time, several runners ended up in medical tents and we personally know one runner who was hospitalized.  earlier in the race, spectators called me on my husband's behalf to let me know that he was ok but running slower than pace.  however, i saw the code team run past me twice, saw medical helicopters overhead and heard ambulance sirens several times.  my imagination began to run away with me (pardon the pun), so i was beyond relieved when i saw marathon man running towards the finish line, looking strong. after the race was completed, the criticisms began flying furiously about the decision to cut the race short and the apparent shortage of fluids at some of the aid stations.  when i asked my husband about these criticisms, he said that there were some aid station volunteers who were pouring gallon jugs of water over the runners.  being a front- to middle-of-the-pack runner, fluid depletion has never been a problem for him.  having said that, this was by far the most grueling race he has ever competed in, and the volunteers were doing their best with limited training. the executive race director, carey pinkowski, has been in charge of the chicago marathon since 1990, and he has always been regarded as one of the best race directors in the world.  he has helped elevate the chicago marathon to world-class and world-record status, attracted the top elite runners and grown the field of average runners to make chicago a destination marathon.  now, some are calling for his resignation, blaming him for the shortage of fluids, the high number of heat-related injuries and hospitalizations, and chiding him for cutting the race short.while i am only a marathoner by proxy, i find it interesting that runners are criticizing the fact that the race was cut short.  as it was, over 300 runners were taken to local hospitals.  that number is staggering- and does not even include runners who were treated and released from the medical tents and cooling stations.  as far as the shortage of fluids is concerned, it was unfortunate that water and gatorade were made unavailable to some of the slower runners.  but the fact of the matter is that nobody could have predicted how many runners would pour cups and cups of water on themselves, in addition to drinking more cups at each aid station than they would under more favorable conditions.this was a highly unusual day with highly unusual circumstances, and i sincerely hope that marathoners- both new and experienced- will come to chicago to participate in what is truly a wonderful event for both athletes and spectators.  it is unfortunate that the media has portrayed the race as a disorganized and dangerous event, and i really hope that runners considering a phenomenal fall marathon continue to keep the windy city (not the hellatiously hot city) in mind.  while i'm not a betting gal, i would venture to say that next year will be back to its usual high level of organization and quality of experience.



posted by mamastacela @ 8:46 pm 

      
         2 comments






wednesday, october 03, 2007



	 
	 you gonna eat that?
	 
    


before i get to today's subject, which is cupcakes, i just have to share a semi-sad story. it's sort of related to cupcakes, in that children like cupcakes and this story is about my older daughter. it's a bit of a stretch, but here goes.my older daughter is in second grade now. it sounds like she should still be at the age where she calls me "mommy" and plays make-believe with polly pocket and littlest pet shop. but that is not the case with this child. last week, i was the mystery reader for her class. the job of the mystery reader is to surprise the class and read a book of his or her choosing. last year when i volunteered for her first grade class, she and some of her little girlfriends would greet me with hugs and excitement. this year, when miss anderson asked my child to introduce the mystery reader, she looked at her shoes and muttered, "it's my mom." she said this with the same level of excitement as droopy, the cartoon dog. i felt shot through the heart that my own child, flesh of my flesh, could be so blase about my presence in her classroom. but i proceeded to read the story to the class.my audience sat very quietly and listened intently to the story, which was a timely piece about pumpkins and halloween. i thought they were really getting into it, and i was feeling pretty proud of myself. here i was, engaging 20 seven and eight year-olds, and all their attention was focused on me. boy, was my bubble burst when i finished, and i didn't even merit a golf clap from this group. i think three kids tapped their fingertips together, but no sound emanated from their hands. miss anderson asked the class if they had any questions, and i was very excited when a little boy named bryan raised his hand. (bryan had been in my daughter's class last year, and he is undoubtedly the smartest boy in the class.) i thought we were on the verge of having a great literary discussion, so i excitedly called on him, only to hear, "did you bring us a snack?" when i told him that i had not, he twisted the knife by saying, "in first grade, the mystery reader always brought a snack." i left the class feeling very dejected and sorry for myself, but i quickly reminded myself that these are people who still have most of their baby teeth. now i'm back to my reasonably secure self.ok, on to cupcakes... last night, my husband and i were watching "the biggest loser." a little twist was added to the show when the temptation was for the trainers to eat a cupcake. without recapping the entire episode, the bottom line is that the trainers all refused. one of the trainers, bob, even chided a member of his blue team, saying, "of course he would want me to eat the cupcake. that's why he came here weighing 420 pounds!" the other two trainers refused on the grounds of "practice what you preach." bob admitted that he had consumed - gasp!- half a cupcake a month earlier. oh, bob, say it ain't so!this morning, i went to my strength training class, which is taught by my dear friend, "lola." lola is an avid "loser" watcher, and she is very knowledgeable about fitness. so when i asked her what she thought of last night's "temptation," she said (in her typical new york italian fashion), "give me a frickin' break! they should have eaten the flippin' cupcake! how are you supposed to survive in the real world if you can't allow yourself one cupcake? it's not the one cupcake that will push you to 420; it's six cupcakes that'll do that!"my husband, aka marathon man, tries to eat healthy. fortunately for him, he was born without much of a sweet tooth, so it isn't really a battle for him to push away desserts. in fact, i give him grief when he refuses a piece of birthday cake, saying jokingly that it's bad luck not to enjoy the birthday celebrant's cake. however, even he allows himself the occasional ice cream treat (his one sweet weakness) and usually gets a blizzard-like concoction after every marathon. and i invariably join him, because nobody should go into a food coma alone.the point is, everything is ok in moderation. i am not trying to sound overly preachy here, because moderation is a concept with which i have some difficulty. but the reason why diets like atkins don't work is that your body naturally needs components from every part of the food pyramid. even fats and oils occupy the itty-bitty, tippy-top of the pyramid. so it's unrealistic to believe that you can eliminate whole categories of foods- including cupcakes- and maintain that deprivation-based lifestyle for very long.i think the better lesson would have been to show the "loser" contestants that you can eat the cupcake, and then show them how much work goes into getting rid of the calories from that cupcake. it would be beneficial for them to think in terms of "one cupcake equals twenty minutes on the elliptical," rather than "i can never eat that, or i'll balloon back up to my starting weight." the trainers on "the biggest loser" are people like the rest of us, and it would have been perfectly normal to show that they can eat like the rest of us once in a great while and still be as healthy and fit as they are.ironically, it was another instructor's birthday today, and one of the club members baked her an apple pie. a slice was passed to lola through the opening where the stereo equipment is kept, and it sat there the entire class, taunting me. i believe that lola should have practiced what she preached and eaten the entire slice of pie at the beginning of class. instead, i sweated and grunted and pushed myself hard, all the while thinking to myself, "is she gonna eat that?"



posted by mamastacela @ 2:50 pm 

      
         1 comments






monday, september 24, 2007



	 
	 kill the pig!  spill its blood!
	 
    


like nine million other viewers last week, i tuned in- out of pure curiosity and a pathetic addiction to reality television- to watch the premiere of "kid nation." all summer, this controversial new show was being promoted as a social experiment, to see if children could build and run a town together without the assistance or guidance of adults. (however, we are to assume that the crew is comprised of voyeuristic adults. at least i hope it is.)as the mother of two young children, i have to admit to experiencing the occasional feelings of not particularly liking their adorable, sweet faces all the time. i will always love them, but there is the occasion where placing them on ebay could well preserve my sanity. having said that, i don't believe i would ever put them on a school bus, ship them out to nothingness, new mexico, and say, "love you, fruit of my loins. see you in 40 days!"while watching this show, i felt like i should reach out and help these poor souls. it was not too dissimilar to seeing those children's charity fund commercials, where you are told that eighteen cents a day could provide a shoeless, dirty child with food, textbooks, an ipod and a waterbed. it was also gnawing at me that 39 sets of parents (two of the girls are sisters) would say to the network execs, "sure! sign me up!" after all, this isn't sleepover camp, and some of these children were hardly older than my own.some of the kids adapted very easily. they immediately took on leadership roles, tried to console the more uneasy (read: normal) kids and were eager to make bonanza city a real working community. four of the participants were chosen to be the town council, and even the youngest of them, supposedly chosen for her pageant experience and leadership qualities, was debating leaving to go home. (she's also the same child whose district lost a challenge, was placed on kitchen duty, and when asked to wash dishes replied, "i'm a beauty queen. i don't do dishes!" my sympathy for this child went pretty much out the window. as soon as my girls can reach the faucet without the aid of a stepstool, guess what? they're washing dishes! but i digress.)as you probably already know, i am a voracious reader, and a lot of situations bring to mind literary quotes, characters or plots. i am sorry to report that this show smacks of william golding's eerie high school required reading, the lord of the flies. while the town council seems to be working well together thusfar, there are some type a personalities who can very well be compared to jack and ralph. in fact, when sophia, a 14 year-old florida girl who is wise beyond her years and could have easily been my best friend in junior high, won the coveted gold star (worth $20,000), another boy, greg, exhibited very jack-like behavior, exclaiming, "i will get a gold star." the unspoken part of that sentence is, "if it's the last thing i do."as in the lord of the flies, there are a few characters who resemble piggy. piggy was a very smart boy, but he was immediately deemed an outcast because of his quiet demeanor and lack of physical strength. throughout the show, they showed this boy named jared, who did nothing but wander about aimlessly and alone. no matter what anyone else was doing, he was pacing around like an expectant father, making little comments about the state of affairs. perhaps his parents thought they were doing him a favor by forcing him to be in a social situation, but even i felt sorry for him when he arrived late for breakfast on the second day and did not receive a pancake- or any breakfast, for that matter. like u2's song "tryin' to throw your arms around the world," i wanted to take this socially inept child under my wing and make pancakes for him.lastly, there was jimmy. jimmy would be one of golding's "littluns." this mop-headed little eight year-old, who is just months older than my second grader, wanted to go home from the minute he got off the school bus. after the kids were divided into four districts, jimmy went off by himself, wringing his kelly green bandanna, and began to sob. his leader, laurel, came over and tried to soothe him by telling him that he was a really brave boy and that he should give it a few days before making a final decision to leave. (laurel seems pretty mature and cool, but her pseudo-kennedy boston accent is a little cloying.) when the group convened for their first town hall meeting, however, little jimmy decided that he was too young for this- well, duh!- and he wanted to go home. the deviation from the lord of the flies is that jimmy was actually allowed to leave alive, and he is now presumably watching the rest of the show in the comfort of his own family room. where all eight year-old mop-headed children should be.naturally, because i'm a sucker, i will watch to see how the rest of the season plays out. this social experiment has a sort of biblical connotation: "let's stick these castaways out in the desert for 40 days to fend for themselves." that's the jewish interpretation. "let's see if these castaways can do without creature comforts for 40 days." that's the catholic interpretation. but there is a very good reason why children are not allowed to live on their own; they're not capable! they are not physically capable; the scene of a group of girls trying to light the potbellied stove with newspaper and matches made my skin crawl. (in fact, there were reports about a couple of participants being burned or injured throughout the filming.) they are not emotionally capable; look at how the boys in golding's novel evolved from being schoolboys to savages when left to their own devices. granted, we argued with our parents that we weren't babies when we were in our tween and teen years, but looking back we were a bunch of brainless twits. and when you get a group of brainless twits together, a mob mentality ensues.and while i am contributing to the number of viewers of "kid nation," i sincerely hope this social experiment is a total failure. i would find myself that much more unsettled to know that there are another 40 sets of parents out there willing to do this to their children.



posted by mamastacela @ 3:35 pm 

      
         1 comments






wednesday, september 19, 2007



	 
	 the year in review
	 
    


i have to admit, i have been hounded by several people over the last several months: "when are you going to blog again?" "what hasn't happened since january 9? the blog!" and my personal favorite: "i refuse to color my hair until you blog again."well, my gray-haired friends, fear no more. you could say it's my new year's resolution. "but," you say to me as if i were a small, simple child, "new year's isn't for another three-and-a-half months." au contraire, mes amis. the year is now 5768 for those of us with more than one new year to celebrate, and, yes, we jews make resolutions, too. we resolve to eat eat, because we're looking thin. we resolve to call our mothers. and some of us with a modicum of talent resolve to blog at least weekly.so now allow me to bring you up to speed with what's been going on with me for the past eight months. after reading this, you will continue to question why i haven't posted, since my life will seem so pathetic and mundane. but there is no time like the present, so here we go.the first quarter of 2007 c.e. was spent in something of a shallow depression. if i remember my psych 101 terminology, that is commonly referred to as a "funk." i had never before experienced seasonal blues, and, truth be told, it was no picnic. i went through my normal routines of school, workouts and housekeeping, and i also continued to participate in my book clubs, bunco group and the occasional drunk bus. but my world was a gloomy shade of gray, and i felt extremely un-funny. so the blog suffered. spring could not come fast enough.spring brought with it sunshine and daffodils, as well as my 37th birthday. i normally don't care about my age. better than the alternative, i always say. in fact, i say we should add a few years to our real ages so people will think we look spectacular. i see no point in shaving a couple of years off, causing people to think, "man, she looks like she was ridden hard and put back wet." but i digress. this year, perhaps because i was still coming out of my winter-related funk, i came to the sad realization that i would never be in my 20s again. looking back, it seems i should be in remedial reality, since it took me seven years to figure this out. but i was wondering if my best years were behind me, if i should have followed other paths with regards to education and career, and why my body's peak was achieved at age eight. what a waste! but then a surprising thing happened: something tragic happens to someone else that makes you rethink your own good fortune.as i have mentioned before, i lost my father to pancreatic cancer six years ago. about a week after my birthday, my husband called me from toronto, where he was on business, to inform me that his mother had been diagnosed with stage iv pancreatic cancer. this news came out of the blue, and the shock was overwhelming. it's strange how the tables have completely turned for us, and, unfortunately, i know all too well what this disease does to the patient and his or her family. in a perverse way, i feel like i can really be helpful to my husband and children, because i don't feel like i'm spouting platitudes when i say that i know what they're feeling or what they're going through.last summer, my father-in-law informed his children, their spouses and the grandchildren that we would take a cruise in 2008 for his 70th birthday party. however, because of my mother-in-law's diagnosis, the cruise got moved up to this august. so 14 of us in total set sail on the caribbean princess for a seven-day cruise through the western caribbean. we visited a private princess island in the bahamas, whose name is something like euthanasia, ocho rios, grand cayman and cozumel. a lovely time was had by all, and we all came away with a new appreciation for the term "hot and humid." and, fortunately, my mother-in-law was in excellent spirits and had great energy for the trip and the wisconsin dells the following week. she's a real trooper and putting up a great fight. the one sad part was that every single port we visited was hit by hurricane dean two weeks later.on the homefront, my girls are back in school. my older daughter is now in second grade and getting more and more brilliant by the day. she looks seven but has the mind of a twenty year-old sometimes. my younger daughter is now in kindergarten and loving it. she was the "special helper" on monday, and she enjoys telling me- in painstaking detail- about her morning. "the bus doors opened, i climbed up the stairs, i found a seat, the bus doors closed..." you get the picture. the older one offers up little more than a grunt until after she has had her snack and watched an episode of "drake and josh."both girls are still involved in gymnastics, and they're also in soccer this fall. our saturdays consist of a morning game (kindergarten) and an afternoon game (second and third grade), but they're enjoying themselves and learning about the importance of physical fitness. in fact, my older daughter recently completed her third 5k and is now training for a 10k. like father, like daughter.speaking of "father," he is currently training for the chicago marathon (his 7th chicago and 20th overall marathon), and he is also planning to run the toronto marathon one week later. no, that isn't a typo. he is running two marathons in a seven-day period. but he is leading the four-hour pace team at chicago and taking a "leisurely" run through toronto, so he shouldn't be too sore afterwards. (that, my friends, is the definition of "sarcasm.")as for me, i have gotten back into the swing of things. i'm running a tight ship with packing lunches, planning play dates and chauffering the kids everywhere they need to be. i'm back on a regular schedule at the gym, reading good books and feeling very content. it might sound extremely routine and not so special, but i am actually in a very happy place right now.so now we're all caught up. i'm sure that i will have plenty of grist for the mill in the upcoming months, with a presidential election and all. it will be a welcome change to receive hateful messages over something other than my turbo jam post. (let it go, guys. it was supposed to be satirical!!!) and if i happen to fall off the wagon again, well, just send me your home address and i will send you grecian formula along with my apologies.



posted by mamastacela @ 4:15 pm 

      
         1 comments






tuesday, january 09, 2007



	 
	 if i were a bigger crab, i'd be allergic to myself
	 
    


i promised myself i would post today, and i have approximately seven minutes until i need to fire up the grill and get dinner started.  so this will be quick, meaningless and lacking substance.  kind of like a nooner at the no tell motel.i have a pet peeve pertaining to the health club.  no, it's not the lazy susans who leave their towels on the benches instead of putting them in the big, visible hampers.  although that is annoying.  no, it's not the fact that there is seemingly only one bottle of lotion for a locker room full of women with winter itch.  although that, too, is annoying.  my issue is with people who sing in the shower.  loudly.  and badly. being a bit of an egomaniac, i have a tendency to believe that everything i have to say is important.  being a bit of an exhibitionist, my life is pretty much an open book.  hence, if i am engaged in [fairly loud] conversation with one or two fellow shower-takers, i don't expect anyone to be put off by that.  although i would suspect that could be bothersome to some people.  but this isn't about me; it's about everyone else.  so imagine my aggro when a woman in the shower stall next to mine was humming, whistling and singing the entire score from "fiddler on the roof."  loudly.  and badly.when i'm not engaged in "the view hot topics-esque" banter in the shower, i prefer to find my happy, zen place while i cleanse and revitalize.  i need to do that, otherwise i am reminded that i am naked and rubbing myself all over in an effort to remove the schmutz.  not a pretty picture.  so i zone out, as it were, and i really don't like anyone disturbing my reverie.  granted, i am the first to admit that i am a gay man trapped in a woman's body.  however, i would rather not hear "sunrise, sunset" being whistled in the key of h flat.  i came out of the shower, clean but nowhere near relaxed.  i grumped to the first person who said hello to me.  poor nikki!being january, it is once again time for all the "resolvers" to emerge and join the health club.  you can spot a resolver a mile away.  they are the deer-in-headlights types who walk around aimlessly, trying one rep on every machine and then hitting the showers.  the good news is, they will likely be gone by st. patrick's day.  but in the meantime, they tend to enter the locker room at precisely the same time i do, causing a major backup for the showers.incidentally, marathon man said this does not occur in the men's locker room.  ever.  i shudder to think why not.  but i digress.some old-timers and i were discussing the implementation of a fast pass for the locker room.  if you are a member who attends regularly beyond the ides of march, you can swipe your pass and get first dibs on a shower stall.  those who are still asking where the showers are.... to the back of the line with ye!  by the vernal equinox, everybody is back on a level playing field and the fast pass is null and void.  you can shower as long as you want- as long as you don't put your shampoo container on your head and pretend to do the "bottle dance."



posted by mamastacela @ 5:53 pm 

      
         0 comments










 





