























home | sedalia democrat


















































   
            sunday, february 16, 2025          



 log in

                e-edition              

                newsletter sign up              



                subscribe
              

























toggle navigation





              main menu
            


















                        news                         







city & county


business


education


arts & entertainment


election


health


community


milestones


police & crash reports


20 under 40



city & county


business


education


arts & entertainment


election


health


community


milestones


police & crash reports


20 under 40






                        sports                         







state fair community college


smith-cotton


kaysinger conference



state fair community college


smith-cotton


kaysinger conference






                        obituaries                                              









                        opinion                                              









                        e-edition                                              









                        special sections                                              









                        puzzles                                              









                        marketplace                         







shop the classifieds


place an ad


legal notices


statewide legal notices


digital marketing



shop the classifieds


place an ad


legal notices


statewide legal notices


digital marketing






                        contact us                         







about us


change of address


delivery issues


vacation stop


pay your subscription



about us


change of address


delivery issues


vacation stop


pay your subscription






                        subscribe                                              












 log in
























top stories





smith-cotton girls wrestling trio qualifies for state; drenon, zeller clinch spots













						three smith-cotton girls wrestlers punched their ticket to state during the class 2 district 3 tournament on saturday, feb. 15, at belton high school.					



sacred heart boys can’t find shots down stretch against halfway













						there was no shortage of friction between sacred heart boys basketball and halfway on saturday, feb. 15.					



benton county sheriff's investigating deadly shooting













						benton county sheriff's  deputies responded to a disturbance involving a knife and firearms in the 3100 block of highway mm southeast of warsaw at 3:52 p.m.  thursday, feb. 13. 					



daum museum opens two new exhibits













						two new exhibitions, both color-themed, have opened at the daum museum of contemporary art on the campus of state fair community college.					



elizabeth green, #makingadifference with medicaid's torch program













						elizabeth green is the torch program manager for pettis county. green was raised in la monte and started working as a receptionist for the sedalia orthopedic doctors in 1995. 					











 
						police reports for feb. 15					
 
					sedalia police department				






 
						crash reports for feb. 15					
 
					sedalia woman hurt in morgan county accident				







 
						missouri clinics will ‘immediately’ offer abortion across the state after judge’s ruling					
 
					a missouri judge on friday blocked a licensing requirement for abortion clinics that providers argued was a key obstacle to renewing access to the procedure across the state.				




 
						missouri house bill targets republican judge in cole county over controversial rulings					
 
					an influential gop lawmaker upset with the rulings of a republican judge in cole county filed a bill trying to force him into a primary — or out of the missouri judiciary altogether.				







 
						missouri republicans continue push to bar state funding of diversity, equity and inclusion					
 
					missouri lawmakers have rekindled a crusade against diversity, equity and inclusion programs with a handful of bills seeking to outlaw dei in state-funded entities.				




 








advanced search














to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports html5 video


sedalia democrat post-game show: gremlins, lady mustangs win kaysinger conference tournament championships
sacred heart boys basketball players max van leer and conner brown join host jack denebeim on the sedalia democrat post-game show to share their thoughts on the gremlins' 38-35 win over lincoln in  …










































							how to setup digital access if you’re a print subscriber						














 







 









 


friday, february 14, 2025


view this issue



											browse other issues
									

 






 


plainsman - feb. 12, 2025


view this issue



											more special sections
									

 






						today's weather forecast sponsored by					




















 











						local news					


























						gop legislator pushes tax hike on missouri farmland used for renewable energy					


					a republican lawmaker is proposing to raise taxes on missouri farmers who participate in wind or solar energy projects.				








						as bird flu spreads, missourians pay the price at the grocery store					


					for some people in rural missouri, soaring egg prices have little impact on their shopping habits. they have backyard chickens that save them the trouble of dealing with a nationwide shortage.				








						community calendar for feb. 16 through feb. 22					


					to have your event or meeting listed, send details to news@sedaliademocrat.com or call 660-826-1000.				








						crash reports for feb. 14					


					woman hurt in pettis county accident				








						huddle house brings all day breakfast to new temp stop diner					


					a huddle house diner opened feb. 4 at the temp stop, 4575 south limit ave.				





			more news			











police reports for feb. 14




26th annual cupid’s ball scheduled for march 1




a late nashville singer and stover resident honored through podcast




pettis county fire fights mobile home fire




midweek snowfall quickly removed from many area roadways




pettis county added to amber alert for missing wisconsin teen



 






































						local sports					








facebook




















sacred heart boys hang on to beat northwest




							sacred heart boys basketball never relinquished the early lead it built against northwest on tuesday, feb. 11.						












							s-c, sacred heart girls swim and dive teams compete at ilcs						


						members of the smith-cotton and sacred heart girls swim and dive teams competed in the independent league championship finals in kansas city on tuesday, feb. 11.					







								area roundup: smith-cotton girls earn win no. 15							


							smith-cotton girls basketball surpassed its win total from all of last season with its most recent  …						




								northwest girls use equal contributions to down sacred heart							


							northwest girls basketball had a balanced attack against sacred heart on tuesday, feb. 11.						




								dinsdale inducted into smith-cotton athletic hall of fame							


							jim dinsdale’s time as the head coach of smith-cotton boys basketball may have been short, but the  …						








								northwest boys come in third at kaysinger tournament							


							despite entering the kaysinger conference tournament as the no. 6 seed, northwest boys basketball  …						




								windsor girls place third at kaysinger tournament							


							after losing the kaysinger conference tournament third-place game last year by 31 points, windsor  …						




								sacred heart boys outlast lincoln for kaysinger tournament championship							


							sacred heart boys basketball head coach steve goodwin has now won 10 kaysinger conference  …						






				more sports				


 


















						in the community					












 









education






photos: cavanagh, ballance crowned smith-cotton courtwarming royalty









kruse earns district-level belcher scholarship
smith-cotton senior masyn kruse was selected as the recipient of the sedalia 200 district-level john t. belcher scholarship. kruse will receive $500 and moves on to the regional level of the statewide scholarship program, which is sponsored by the missouri school boards association.








scott joplin artist-in-residence adam swanson heats up the keys this week
dresden — 2025 scott joplin artist-in-residence adam swanson entertained dresden r-xii school district students monday, feb. 3, getting their toes tapping, legs jiggling and their fingers playing air piano.





			more education			






calendar of events












					sun				

					16				





					mon				

					17				





					tue				

					18				





					wed				

					19				





					thu				

					20				






 browse full calendar
		



 




business

young sedalian's passion for fishing leads to jig tying business




							the central missouri ag expo was busy friday, feb. 7, with exhibitors showcasing equipment and products on the floor of the mathewson exhibition center.						
















the prom dress store helps dreams come true

							for many high school students, prom is a magical evening—a night to dress up, dance, and create lasting memories. however, for some, the financial burden of purchasing a dress can overshadow the excitement.						









misty todd, md, receives physician specialty board certification

							dr. misty todd, a board-certified family medicine physician at bothwell regional health center, has met all requirements for additional board certification in family medicine obstetrics with surgical qualification through the board of certification in family medicine obstetrics (bcfmo), an affiliate of the american board of physician specialties (abps).						









photo: wear red for women donates two aeds to sacred heart











bothwell sleep center earns reaccreditation by aasm

							bothwell regional health center announces that bothwell sleep center has once again been accredited by the american academy of sleep medicine (aasm), a recognition of excellence that extends the center’s accreditation for another five years beginning february 2025. this milestone highlights the center’s continued dedication to delivering high-quality, patient-centered care for sleep disorders.						









photo: re/max of sedalia donates to katy trail community health











young entrepreneur finds sweet success

							in the heart of cole camp, a young and ambitious entrepreneur is turning her love for baking into a thriving home-based business. mira, a 10-year-old homeschool student, is the proud owner of "mira's masterpieces," a home bakery that offers delicious treats made to order, including muffins, rolls, strudels, cookies and fruit pies. her bakery is not just about great food—it's also about giving back to the community and pursuing a big dream for the future.						






			more business news			


 










 






						from the opinion page					







columnists






						presidents' day is not enough					


					this past wednesday was abraham lincoln’s 216th birthday. next monday, we will observe a federal holiday in honor of george washington’s birthday.				








						the hits keep coming					


					the speed at which a group of unelected men is dismantling our government is head-spinning – which is probably the point. speed means that we can’t catch up, and at least some things will get by us.				








						empowering solutions for missouri’s child care crisis					


					access to affordable, high-quality child care is not just a family issue — it’s an economic imperative.				





			more			











letters



letter: grateful for john wycliffe’s efforts




letter: veterans day events put on by smith-cotton jrotc, pettis county courthouse appreciated




letter: offering concerns about amendment 3




letter: does all of professional sports really support amendment 2?




letter: am i an enemy within?




letter: don't fall prey to misinformation




letter: democrat erred in publishing misrepresented cartoon




letter: responding to inaccurate political cartoon




offering a rebuttal to responses




forced birth is not the answer




letter: offering a response to published columns




traveling vietnam walls to visit missouri veterans home




memorial day flags are appreciated





			more letters			


 


















						special sections					


























































































































































































































































 





x











            111 w. fourth st.
            sedalia, mo
            phone: 660-826-1000
            email: news@sedaliademocrat.com














sections


                      news                    


                      sports                    


                      obituaries                    


                      opinion                    


                      e-edition                    


                      special sections                    


                      puzzles                    


                      marketplace                    


                      contact us                    


                      subscribe                    




links of interest


                      contact us                    


                      send us your news                    


                      shop the classifieds                    


                      place a classified ad                    


                      digital marketing                    


                      calendar of events                    


                      search                    


                      puzzles                    


                      sign up for newsletters                    




nearby news sites


warrensburg star-journal


bolivar herald-free press


buffalo reflex


cedar county republican


christian county headliner


the marshfield mail


west plains daily quill


harrison daily times


newton county times


the baxter bulletin


kirksville daily express


big nickel


nemo trader











          © copyright 2025 sedalia democrat
        

powered by creative circle media solutions










x
















 



