


pales in style: recycled timber furniture and homewares also crafts and gifts: australia


















 welcome to our home page
the date and time is: 





purveyors of  handcrafted recycled timber furniture, restoration hardware
                  homewares,crafts and gifts. 
view and buy online  the 100% australian made 
classic switches range of period house style switches and accessories 

 


click for the full range of restoration switches and accessories 












































go directly to
wine racks
cd racks
boxes & bins
unique candle ware
timber frames
wooden photo albums
table lamps
misc timber products
bars & bits
timber furniture
coat racks
signs made to order
outdoor furniture
timber framed mirrors
honour boards
restoration switches
restoration hardware
traditional switches



shipping & returns
privacy policy
terms and conditions 

  

click  to see our selection of
                              wine storage units





                    we deliver australia wide
and to the

rest of the world





 
click to see our selection 
                      timber lamps
 this is the site to find that unique
          wedding present or gift 
          certain products of our recycled timber furniture contain a mixture of new and recycled timbers blended with iron work to create a unique look. all timber products are proudly handcrafted in toowoomba, queensland, australia. materials are sourced from old farm buildings in the darling downs and southwest queensland areas.
exclusive and original designs by 
          daniel peter dray. 


click on wall sconce 
for candle ware with a difference 







click on the  cd storage unit to see our range of cd racks
units can be made to order to suit your needs 



click for index to our full range of
 recycled timber furniture & products 
 



timber products range from :- wine racks, cd racks, food containers, shoe boxes, mirrors, candle ware, electric lamps, wooden photo albums, frames, coat racks, trays, towel racks,  signs made to order, handcrafted recycled timber furniture to suit and much more including exclusive one off pieces. products can be changed to suit your individual needs and special orders will also be taken.
new products are being created regularly
                                  and this site will be updated frequently to show you these unique pieces.
this site was last updated 8th march 2022
 




something just that little bit different
                              if you have that sentimental piece of recycled timber that you want handcrafted into something special, contact us.
                                    for example the casement frame above or the electric lamp  to the above left.
the a frame blackboard below was once a front gate.


 


showroom open by appointment at 61 euston rd toowoomba, queensland, australia. 
click on map











hand crafted recycled hoop pine mounting blocks to suit 
                                art deco  - bakelite and brass switches of the 
                                classic switch range 





 
                          classic switches the 1st choice in the restoration of old queenslanders                            





















click to see restoration hardware


email us | about us | contact us| currency converter | place your order | our location  | recommended links |
classic switches | art deco | bakelite | heritage | traditional | shipping & returns | privacy policy | terms and conditions 

a division of pales in style
abn: 44269 722 079
66 euston road 
toowoomba, qld, australia
 office: 0474 867068 
(+61) 474 867068 
sales@palesinstyle.com.au
 back 
                  to top

© 
                  copyright 2003-2022 pales in style. all rights reserved 









