














kolbe.com | home of the kolbe a™ index















































  















shop kolbe

login

individual
business
consulting (ccc)
takes two










take the kolbe a™ index




















close menu

+



take the kolbe a™ index


who we are

our approach
kolbe wisdom
our experts
our team
our history
clients & testimonials



solutions


at home

relationships
kids & parenting



self

personal productivity
career fit



for business

an "a" for everyone
job fit
communication
team performance
hiring



seminars & consulting

become a kolbe certified™ consultant
seminars & events
consulting & coaching
find a kolbe certified™ consultant





assessments

kolbe a™ index
kolbe b™ index
kolbe c™ index

kolbe r™ index
financial mo+™
free team collaboration survey
student aptitude™ quiz



resources

events & seminars
newsroom
consultant search
blog
research & validity
affiliate program













login

individual
business
consulting (ccc)
takes two


shop kolbe














 






do more, more naturally
unlock the secret to personal and team performance in just minutes
the kolbe a™ index is the only assessment that measures how you and your team solve problems and make decisions. other assessments explain how you feel — we know how you act.



take the assessment now



→ buy now, take later















quick start



"kolbe described me better than anything ever has!"













"the day i got my kolbe results was one of the most liberating days of my life. my productivity shot through the roof!"




dan sullivan, founder, strategic coach












“i wish i had known kolbe in my younger years.”




jessica mogill, head of coaching strategy, crisp












“everything is measurable and repeatable, and it just works.”




brian alexander, founder, expressing the genius within







fact finder




 


it's like having an instruction manual — about yourself!

the kolbe a index measures how you get things done when you’re free to be yourself. after you answer the scientifically-validated questions, you’ll get a 4-number result called your mo and an interactive guide full of tips and tricks for better performance. think of it as a custom instruction manual to yourself and how you most naturally take action every day.

about the kolbe a index 










request a sample kolbe report


 email *by checking this box you agree to kolbe's privacy policy *   by checking this box you agree to kolbe's privacy policy. opt out at any time. please checkbox*submit 







 


a more productive team - with less stress

kolbe uncovers how each person on your team naturally takes action and solves problems. you get immediately actionable advice to grow a team and be more productive with less pain. after working with the kolbe system™, you’ll be able to empower people to be at their best when you need them the most.  request a business or group profile to store multiple kolbe results in one central location.

get startedrequest a team workshop 



follow thru




 


get certified in kolbe

join the nearly 1,000 kolbe certified™ consultants around the globe and become the instinctive strengths expert in your organization. whether you’re an independent coach or consultant, you work in hr, or you’re a leader looking for optimal performance with your team, kolbe certification may be right for you.

learn more 





the kolbe system™
kolbe helps you achieve what you care about most
























































identify
capitalize on the power of instinctive strengths.

conative assessments and insights for each person
powerful communication reports and customized coaching

explore


optimize
maximize teamwork by strategically combining talents.

comprehensive reports to strengthen collaboration and team performance
team seminars to improve problem solving and increase engagement

explore




align
boost productivity by matching strengths to job requirements.

diagnostics to pinpoint areas of job stress and solutions to help each person succeed
detailed guides to help leaders design roles and fit talent to task

explore


expand
drive growth by hiring the right people.

proven selection process to dramatically improve the odds of hiring top performers
success models for every position to increase compatibility and retention

explore







implementor




the kolbe difference: conation

the kolbe system does not measure your personality type or how smart you are. kolbe indexes are based on conation — the part of the mind that governs how you actually get things done when striving. think of it as your instinctive strengths.
learn more































news feed









do more, more naturally | free chapter
whether you’re a seasoned professional, an aspiring entrepreneur, or simply someone seeking to amplify your impact in the world, you’ll benefit from practical strategies and immediately actionable advice to help you do more, more naturally. 
















new course: pain-free team performance
"dream teams" don't just happen. learn how to align your team, tap into instinctive strengths, and unlock effortless group performance.
















[quiz] are you a strengths-based leader? 
start to discover how simple it can be to boost engagement and coach people to be at their best when you need them the most.
















powered by instinct podcast
it's the perfect resource for curious people who want to get more done, more naturally.
















how to set up your office based on kolbe results
ergonomics is one thing, but using your kolbe a™ index result to determine what you need to be most productive will help you set up an optimum workspace and vastly improve your performance. 
















using kolbe to grow a people-focused business
growing up on a farm in canada, the aberhart brothers always knew they were different than other members of their family — especially their dad.










view more news









“
kolbe immediately showed me why i was labeled a misfit.







"i found great validation in who i am instinctively when i reviewed my kolbe results. it immediately showed me why i was labeled a misfit...in school. if i had taken the kolbe index at a young age, i might have been able to avoid, or at least better understand, many of the problems i encountered in school." 





robert kiyosaki (2-2-9-6) #1 best-selling author: rich dad, poor dad & rich kid, smart kid












“
"the impact has been monumental"







“the kolbe a has affected my life in a humongous way. it facilitated a career change. i have kolbe as on friends [and] on family. i'm doing what i'm doing today because of kolbe corp."





jason cupp (7-2-9-2), growth consultant, kincaide, ltd












“
when i read my results for the first time, honestly, i cried







"i was overcome with a sense of relief that i could stop trying to fix the part of me that so many people insisted was wrong."





angelique rewers (6-3-9-2), ceo, boldhaus












“
after ten years, i couldn’t imagine not using kolbe.







"the [kolbe's] information is different, and it's so real, and it's so meaningful and so valuable, and there's nothing else like it."





deidre koppelman (5-4-9-1), founder, pear core solutions













view more testimonials



























































our clients































view more clients
load more





case studies





we are proud to be trusted by organizations of all sizes and industries. see how we've helped these clients do more with their people.















ubiquity retirement + savings

challenge
surviving 5 years in silicon valley is a feat. try surviving 20+ years in the competitive fintech world.
solution
kolbe indexes are now an integral part of the new employee on-boarding process. every team member knows and applies their conative strengths to succeed in the role that fits best.


4.5 stars
with one of the highest ratings on glassdoor employee reviews, ubiquity is one of the top places where people enjoy working the most.
#27 culture
forbes recently named ubiquity to the top 50 company culture list for medium size companies.
3 kolbe certified™
ubiquity uses kolbe certification™ to train internal experts. so far, three employees have become certified to bring kolbe wisdom™ even closer to home.

















lsw architects

challenge
a thriving architecture firm builds more than buildings, it needs to build a community.
solution
kolbe has become the default language of talents at lsw architects, from putting together project teams and creating team synergy, to coaching clients and community development partners.


.05% turnover 
employees voluntarily leave lsw at 200x lower rate than is typical  for  the  industry. employees voluntarily leave lsw at 200x lower rate than is typical for the industry.
3 years as best
awarded best in business for employee well-being by the vancouver / sw washington business journal, 2016, 2017, and 2018.
40% growth 
kolbe supports impressive revenue growth by streamlining employee communication and helping  them handle more projects in less time.

















atomic energy of canada

challenge
chalk river laboratories were on a mission to revitalize themselves into a world-class nuclear science campus, but they had a high turnover rate of 20% in a specific department. 
solution
using the kolbe rightfit™ software to identify the requirements of the technician role, chalk river laboratories has optimized their hiring process and dramatically reduced turnover rates.


turnover issue diagnosed
kolbe rightfit™ sheds light on an important discovery -  they’d been hiring people who didn’t have the right combination of natural strengths. 
kolbe hiring process used 
began using kolbe rightfit by creating a range of success™ and using kolbe a™ indexes with candidates and eight new people with the right natural strengths were hired.
60% decrease in dept. turnover
two years later, the turnover rate was reduced to 8% and all personnel hired using kolbe’s proven system and rightfit hiring software were still on the job.



view case study











stay connected


 email *by checking this box you agree to kolbe's privacy policy *   by checking this box you agree to kolbe's privacy policy. opt out at any time. please checkbox*submit 



 
 



we value your privacy


we use cookies to improve your browsing experience. by continuing to browse the website you are accepting our privacy policy.


i consent







 



customer service 602.840.9770email us





who we are

our approach
kolbe wisdom™
our experts
our team
our history
clients & testimonials



solutions

the kolbe system™
business
rightfit™ hiring
team performance
communication
hr consulting
kids & parenting
relationships
productivity & career fit



assessments & reports

kolbe a™ index
kolbe b™ index
kolbe c™ index
kolbe y™ index
kolbe r™ index
student aptitude™ quiz
opgig℠ career program
team collaboration survey
takes two®
financial mo+™



what's happening

kolbe certification™ seminar
kolbecon
more events & seminars
newsroom & blog



resources

view your kolbe result
faqs
activate your a
trusted partners
research & validation
find a kolbe consultant
careers at kolbe
affiliate program
glossary
contact us



shop kolbe

buy index credits
warewithal software®
kolbe cards
books & audio














site map
privacy policy
conditions of use
accessibility statement











				2398 e. camelback rd. suite 950, phoenix, az 85016
			

				©2024 kolbe corp. all rights reserved.
			













