




 an eclectic mind - web site and blog for maria langer, helicopter pilot, content creator, jewelry artist, boater, and serious amateur photographer.an eclectic mind
      an eclectic mindweb site and blog for maria langer, helicopter pilot, content creator, jewelry artist, boater, and serious amateur photographer.


search

main menuskip to primary contentskip to secondary contenthomewritingbooksarticlestraining videosappearancesflyingflyingmair youtube channelflying postsbiocontactsupport this site©post navigation← older poststhe uncertainty of politics — and its affect on small business investors
posted on february 12, 2025  by  maria langer
5i come up with a new goal and a business plan to go with it — and realize that this simply isn’t a good time to take risks.if you’ve been following this blog for a while, you should know a little about me, but if you don’t, let me fill you in on what’s important to know for this post.i crossed my wake in chicago on august 12, 2024. here’s my boat, do it now, in a slip at dusable marina in chicago, exactly 6 feet away from the slip i started from in october 2022.i’m currently 60-something. i retired from my most recent career as a helicopter pilot in 2023, after selling the helicopter, the charter company, and the cherry drying company in 2022 and 2023. i took the proceeds from those sales and used them to buy a 32-foot “pocket yacht,” which i shipped to chicago in october 2022. i then spent most of the next two years cruising on that boat, alone and with friends, along the great loop. (i blog about that in my great loop blog, so if you’re interested, please check it out.)the bigger your garage is, the more stuff you’ll accumulate to fill it.i finished my great loop trip in august 2024 and trailered the boat back to the seattle area, where i launched it in puget sound. i then spent most of the next month cruising around there and the inside passage before bringing it home and cramming it into my very large garage for the winter.in those final days on the loop — keeping in mind that i covered more than 8,000 miles — i realized that the part of the loop i liked the best was the northern part, say from new york city all the way up to canada and then west into the great lakes. there’s nothing quite like cruising in the lakes, rivers, and canals of new york and ontario; i felt that i could do it forever.here’s do it now anchored off valcour island in lake champlain in june 2024. i could spend a lifetime exploring the waterways of new york and ontario.wouldn’t it be great to do it every summer until my age caught up with me and i was done boating?goalsi’m a person of personal goals and finishing the great loop left me kind of floundering without one. i also felt weird about being retired — not having anything to do to bring in a few bucks to cover my living expenses. i was living off my retirement savings, waiting a few more years to start collecting social security, and it didn’t look as if running out of money was going to be a problem. (i’m remarkably thrifty about some things.) although my side gig as a silversmith did bring in some money, it was small change without the potential to get much bigger — unless i was willing to spend five days a week in my studio producing jewelry and a bunch of time finding new markets for my work. i wasn’t.but when i finished the loop i felt the inklings of a new goal coming on, a new business endeavor where i could spend eight months of the year cruising northern inland waters and the remaining four months soaking up the sun in arizona. i’d use my captain’s license to offer one- and two-week cruises to a specific potential market of people, cruising in the waters i wanted to explore while teaching them what i knew about cruising. the money i brought in would cover my cruising expenses, reducing my cost of living and helping me preserve some of those retirement savings.i’m going to need a bigger boatbut there was a catch: i needed a bigger boat.i needed a boat with two full sleeping cabins. my guests would get the good one and i’d take the lesser one, but the lesser one had to be a lot bigger than the lesser one on my current boat. i needed to upsize and i had a few models in mind.of course, all of these bigger boat options, although pre-owned, would cost a significant amount of money. i figured i’d get that money by selling my home, which is fully paid for, and my current boat, which has a small loan. (i could go into a long lecture about having a paid-for home, but i won’t do it here.) i figured i’d put all of the boat proceeds and half the home proceeds into a bigger boat and use the rest of my home proceeds to buy a modest place in tucson. after all, although i love my current home, i don’t like it nearly as much during the four months i’d be taking my annual break from the boat. surely i wouldn’t miss it.when i was in arizona, i looked at homes and land and actually found two different lots that were perfect for me. one would be easier than the other to build on, but i’d still have to build on it. i built my current home, acting as general contractor while the experts did the stuff requiring experts and i did the rest. did i have another build in me? i thought maybe i did.what a deal! this 2014 american tug could be mine for just $610k! not what i was hoping to spend, however.so all this is what was going through my mind when i cut this winter’s trip to arizona short so i could attend the seattle boat show. i had multiple goals for the show, but the main one was to look at used boats in the marina portion of the show. and i did. i actually found two models that would work perfectly for my new business.the unfortunate thing was that they cost about 50% more than i was hoping to pay. oops.okay, well maybe i could get a small business loan. i had good credit and could work up a business plan that would pass muster. my number-smart brain — did i mention i have an accounting degree? — went to work considering possibilities to make this happen.how the current political climate stopped me coldmeanwhile, the demented old narcissist that half the country thought should be the most powerful man in the world got sworn into office. (did you notice how he didn’t touch the bible? i think he was afraid he’d burn his hand with the lightning god would send through it.)and things got pretty weird pretty quick.i won’t go into a litany of the weird shit the orange clown and his south african crony, the space karen, have subjected america and the world to. first of all, i couldn’t list it all. i stopped following the news. all i know are the things that have crept through my social media filters, things i’ve heard while i had my head in the sand and my fingers in my ears singing la, la, la, la, la at the top of my lungs.and even that is enough.more than enough.there will be no return to valcour island in a boat anytime soon. but i will get to cruise the pacific northwest this summer so i’m not as sad as this picture might make me look.more than enough to tell me that i’d be insane to invest time and money in a new business in this crazy political climate. tariffs will result in inflation far beyond what we saw over the past few years. job losses from the shutdown of government offices and the cancelling of grants will put people in dire straits. another recession, which is definitely possible when the guy making laws by signing executive orders keeps making asinine decisions, will make it highly unlikely that anyone will want to pay me to take them on a cruise. (unless there’s a chance i can smuggle them into canada, i guess. if canada even lets us in.)more than enough to tell me that i’d be a complete and utter fool to walk away from a paid-for house to build a new one in the kind of economic uncertainty we face, where the price of lumber and building materials could jump 50% — if such materials were available at all. and in a red state? a place where the majority of people think calling the gulf of mexico the gulf of america is a good thing that proves their cult leader has their best interests at heart? (how are those egg prices doing, my deplorable friends?) and how long before they cut our social security and medicare benefits — the exact thing most americans in my age group are relying on to take care of them in their old age?am i nuts?no.so there won’t be a new business in my future. (well, at least not one beyond the tiny business i started late last year and will talk about elsewhere.) there won’t be cruising in the freshwater lakes, rivers, and canals of new york and ontario and beyond, at least not in a new-to-me, bigger boat. there won’t be a new house on five acres of desert land in the foothills of the rincon mountains near tucson.there will just be the financial security and comfort of the home i’m in now, a home i love eight months out of the year. i’ll keep myself busy enough.and learn to be satisfied without chasing down another goal.i still have that camper for a winter escape.share this:click to share on mastodon (opens in new window)click to share on twitter (opens in new window)click to share on tumblr (opens in new window)click to share on pinterest (opens in new window)click to share on linkedin (opens in new window)click to share on facebook (opens in new window)click to email a link to a friend (opens in new window)click to print (opens in new window)like this:like loading...

posted in days in my life, deep thoughts, on the water 
 | 

tagged boats, business, cruising, home, investing, new home construction, travel, washington 
 | 
5 commentsbook review: generations by noam josephides
posted on february 2, 2025  by  maria langer
commentmy first book review as an indie story geek judge.in december, i applied to be a judge for the 2024 indie ink awards managed by indie story geek. i’d heard about the contest on mastodon and thought, why not? i like to read. maybe this would expose me to some new authors that i would not otherwise find on my own.to be honest, my reading lately has been mostly a mix of non-fiction thought pieces like stolen focus by johann hari and filterworld by kyle chayka — both recommended if you think social media and addiction to our mobile devices might be a problem (spoiler alert: they are) — and, believe it or not, novels based in the star wars universe, primarily those that are part of the canon. (yes, folks, there’s more to star wars than 11 movies and a handful of tv shows on disney.) my fiction tastes run to science fiction and mystery, but i’ll also read some fantasy. i don’t like heavy, depressing books that make me sad. what i like to avoid is juvenile writing — either writing meant for kids or “young adults” or books written by authors who write like that.the judging experiencei was very surprised to be selected as a judge. one of the reasons for the surprise was that when i filled out the application form, it asked me what my pronouns were. the pronoun thing doesn’t bother me nearly as much as it bothers crazed conservatives, but it is becoming tiresome. i think that field should be optional on any form. if it matters to you and it’s not the usual he/him for males and she/her for females, by all means, fill it in. but if i identify myself as female — another field on the form — i should be able to skip that question and let you assume i’m a she/her. but the field could not be skipped so i wrote “i’m a straight female and old school; figure it out.” i figured that my sarcasm would disqualify me but it did not. they’re either in the same camp i am about this topic or desperate for judges.interestingly, half of the judging categories are related to “writing the future we need,” which relates directly to lgbt, disability, transgender, asian author, black author, or a variety of other topics that they want judges to be “qualified” to judge. this is easy for me — i wasn’t qualified for any of them, not having the kind of first hand experiences i think they were looking for. this actually makes sense when you consider their pronoun question. they want to be inclusive, which i think is great. but they also want the judges on these topics to actually have a clue about them. that’s also a good idea.i was accepted and invited to join in on a discord forum (or whatever). i signed up and joined in. that’s when i realized that at age 63, i was probably old enough to be the mother or grandmother of most of the other participants in the judging process. animated emojis are a big thing among my fellow judges. i’m sure their social media feeds are plastered with selfies and memes that include poetry and flowers.(do i sound cynical? i hope so. that’s my intent here.)anyway, once i got set up with the judge’s portal on the indie story geek website, i was able to get to business. the process is pretty simple. you “reserve” a book to judge — you need to read and judge at least 3 over over the next four or five months — and then download it as an epub, pdf, or (if available) audiobook. i chose generations: a science fiction mystery thriller, which has the following blurb:winner: 1st prize – 2024 bookfest award • winner: global book awards – silver medal • “an epic science fiction noir!” – publisher weekly’s booklife • “extraordinary… dense and enthralling journey” – kirkus review • “an amazing space story of mystery, adventure, and exploration. it’s smart, funny, but above all, endearing” – reader viewsare humanity’s leaders steering them into a trap? and can one woman stand up to power and uncover the conspiracy that had been brewing for generations?the thetis is humanity’s last hope: a generation-ship carrying the last remnants of earth to resettle on a new planet.but, under the facade of a tolerant and cooperative society built across two centuries of space travel, a deeply-buried secret lies – a secret that puts humanity’s new beginning at risk.the key to uncovering that conspiracy lies in the hands of sandrine liet, an archivist introvert who has everything to lose by pitting herself against the most powerful people on the thetis.the deeper she digs, the clearer it becomes that there is only one way to save both herself and the rest of her fellow thetans – and it’s the most horrible choice imaginable…generations is a heart-pounding space mystery, an instant #1 amazon science fiction bestseller of 2024.i downloaded the epub and imported it into the books app on my ipad. (i’ve been trying to stay away from amazon and kindle these days.) and i started to read.my thoughts on generationsgenerations is available on bookshop.org.first of all, i was not pulled into the book as i hoped i would be. it wasn’t a real page turner — at least not in the beginning. the writing was good, the characterization was good enough, but the plot was a bit slow to take off. the author hinted at backstories for characters here and there and, over time, revealed missing information. maybe that was supposed to make me want to keep turning pages and learning more? it didn’t. i assumed that important information would be revealed as the book progressed and i wasn’t disappointed.what the book excelled at was world building. this is so important for science fiction (and fantasy). the author had obviously thought out the world he was writing about in great detail, inventing a spaceship where generations of people would live for a two hundred year journey after the demise of earth. the description of the ship, thetis, wasn’t all laid out in a long descriptive passage. instead, it was revealed little by little, just like the characters’ backstories. and it was believable.unfortunately, the plot wandered into a plot device i absolutely detest: protagonist’s name is smeared by people more powerful than her and she’s set up to take the fall for things she didn’t do. fortunately, this wasn’t the whole book, but was enough of it that i had no trouble putting the book down to do other things.to make matters worse, an early plot development revealed (at least to me) part of the book’s conclusion. not only was the “mystery” not much of a mystery to me, but i was frustrated that the protagonist didn’t see what i did. this only got worse when my suspicions turned out to be correct. no, i didn’t solve the entire mystery right at the beginning — that would be impossible since a key piece was not made known until nearly the end. but i knew exactly which way the plot was heading.but i think the thing that bothered me most was how the protagonist escapes from danger near the end of the book. it was completely unbelievable. i don’t want to spoil the book for readers, but the chances of her succeeding at a certain point were pretty much nil and yet she succeeds. i really wish the author would have gotten her out of that jam in a more believable way.in re-reading this, it sounds like i hated the book. i didn’t. as i mentioned, the writing was good and the characterization was good enough. the mystery was interesting, despite me seeing the answer coming before it arrived. it wasn’t trite or clichéd. it wasn’t written for children. but the best thing it had going for it was the world-building. when it was over, i was left wishing i could stay on board for when thetis arrived at its destination and generation 10 could start developing their new world.maybe the author will take all the work he did on building thetis to take us there? i would read that.share this:click to share on mastodon (opens in new window)click to share on twitter (opens in new window)click to share on tumblr (opens in new window)click to share on pinterest (opens in new window)click to share on linkedin (opens in new window)click to share on facebook (opens in new window)click to email a link to a friend (opens in new window)click to print (opens in new window)like this:like loading...

posted in in books 
 | 

tagged books, ebooks, review 
 | 
add a commentmy growing dissatisfaction with social media
posted on february 1, 2025  by  maria langer
4i start to think long and hard about my involvement in social media and whether it’s worth the time i spend on it. maybe you should, too.back in the mid 2000s, i was at the height of my writing career. churning out at least five books a year with two of them guaranteed bestsellers — well, “bestsellers” by tech book standards, anyway; i wasn’t arguing with my royalty checks — i was on the leading edge of so much end user level stuff. it seemed natural that i should dive into social media, which was so new at the time. i may have had an account on myspace, but it was twitter, which i joined in 2007, that really attracted me.twitterback then, it was possible to view the entire system timeline just by going to twittr.com. (yes, in the very early days, there was no e. that was a popular naming trend back then. drop the e in front of the r. tumblr is another example.) you’d just go to that home page, read the tweets of people all over the world, and pick out the accounts you wanted to follow. i still follow the first person i followed on twitter — although i follow him on mastodon now. (more on that in a moment.)twitter became an important part of my lifestyle. it was my “office watercooler,” so to speak. i worked alone at a home office, working long, 12-hour days while on a book project and then taking time off to recharge before the next one. my future wasband either worked from his home office or back on the east coast or, later, from an office down in the phoenix area. (in the end, it got to be a sort of “job of the month club” for him, bouncing from one job to another. at the very end, it was hard to keep track.) since my work was mostly solitary, each time i came up from a highly focused writing session for a brief rest before diving back in, i looked for someone to talk to. if my future wasband was busy or not around, i turned to my twitter friends.i started to build real-life friendships with some of these people. i met a surprising number of them in person. in those days, i was still traveling a bit for work and would make a point of meeting up with ones who lived at my work destination. coffee. lunch. whatever. these people were folks i could chat with online during the day, cutting a bit of the loneliness out of my workday. we chatted about all kinds of things, from the weather and photography to travel and cooking. just about anything. (that’s one of the benefits of being a polymath: you can find something to talk about with almost anyone.)also, pretty early on, when i was still producing video content for lynda.com (not linkedin learning), i wrote the very first video courses — or training material at all — about using twitter. i think i revised that course two times before they pulled it away from me and handed it to in-house authors they didn’t have to pay royalties to. (and that wasn’t the only successful course they snatched away from me to bring in-house. they also took my wordpress course, which was a real money-maker for me for several years. i guess you can see why i won’t develop courses for them anymore.)facebooki also hopped onto facebook around the same time, although my use of that service didn’t pick up until around 2010. i didn’t like it quite as much. it seemed juvenile. people posting sometimes idiotic, sometimes misleading memes created by others. there are only so many cat pictures a person can look at in a day. not many original thoughts being shared. actually, not much of anything that could be considered a “thought.” it also upset me to learn that several real-world friends and family members appeared to have nazi leanings. do i really need to know that? sometimes ignorance really is bliss.and then there was the time my sister, a life-long republican, posted a pro-democrat sentiment on her facebook wall. my mother, in her infinite wisdom, had the nerve to lecture my sister, right there on facebook for everyone to see. my sister deleted my mother’s comment and stopped talking to her for a while. i just blocked my mother. who needs to worry about shit like that?linkedini might have hopped on linkedin before facebook. in the beginning, linkedin looked like a serious social networking website where i might actually make connections to people who could move my careers forward. (yes, back then i had two active careers: writing and flying helicopters.) but i never had any success making solid professional contacts there and couldn’t see any reason to duplicate personal content i was already sharing on other social media. and then the spam began; it got to the point that every time i connected to linkedin, the only new content directed to me was spam from people claiming to know someone i barely knew or had heard of, trying to sell me on their services.in fact, sometime between 2010 and 2014, i started to realize that actively participating in three social media sites — twitter, facebook, and linkedin — was taking a lot of time and effort. more than i wanted to give. linkedin was mostly abandoned; i killed the account completely when the spam started arriving in my email inbox and i couldn’t seem to shut it off.instagram, tiktok, othersfortunately, i never got sucked into instagram, like so many other folks have, although i think i did set up at least once account. again, i felt my hands were already full with the social media i “had” to be on. i did not want to lose more hours of my day building a presence somewhere else.ditto for tiktok — most of the content i’ve seen there is amateurish, juvenile, or both. i think tiktok is the perfect platform for today’s vapid population of low attention span, gullible people. i do believe china is (or will be) using it to sway popular opinion. it won’t surprise me at all if it works. anyone willing to waste hours of their day on the kind of crap the algorithm serves them — no matter how “good” that algorithm is at predicting what people like — is already being led around by a leash.social media and the publishing worldanyway, my publishers were thrilled that i had a social media presence. that presence was enhanced quite a bit when i earned a “verified” checkmark on my twitter account. (back in the day, verified meant that they’d checked your identity and you were who they said you were. twitter only performed this service for people with a certain level of fame, which i’d achieved at the time through my writing. heck, for a while i even had a wikipedia page.)keep in mind, this is still before the word influencer began being used. authors at my level weren’t influencers yet — and i don’t think i ever was one. but readers — potential and otherwise — could find us online and be “friends” with us. we could post about our work and people who followed us could learn about it. all without costing the publishers a single cent of their advertising budgets. all the work fell to the authors and it sometimes was quite a bit of work.and this is how things remain today in the publishing world. part of the author evaluation process is an examination of the author’s social media reach and content. it’s crazy because it forces authors to build an online presence that takes them away from their actual work. it also limits what an author can say on social media — one unpopular tweet can land an author in seriously hot water. (and i’m sure i could find at least six good examples of this, but since i’m writing this in the middle of the california desert with no cell signal, i can’t look now.)2015 to 2022let’s fast-forward to the mid 2010s. by this point, i was pretty much addicted to participation in social media, including twitter and facebook. (i’d mostly given up on linkedin by then.)my writing career had wound down — who buys computer how-to books these days? — and my flying career had taken off (no pun intended). i was happily divorced, living in a home i had built to my specifications on 10 acres of view property in washington state. i was exploring new hobbies like beekeeping and, later, silversmithing. i had a great garden. i had a little jet boat i’d take out on the columbia river. i had real-life friends who lived nearby in addition to my social media friends.the need to keep my publishers happy by maintaining a social media presence had pretty much faded away. but still, i was spending hours every day with my nose in my phone or ipad, scrolling through twitter and facebook, clicking like buttons and retweet buttons and replying to posts i had something to say about.it was around then that i started to realize that facebook wasn’t showing me all of the posts by all of the people i followed. it was showing me a selection of them. if i went to the person’s wall — do they still call it that? — i would see what they’d posted, but i had no patience to do that for everyone i wanted to keep up with.the posts that seemed to come up the most were political memes. holy crap! how many hateful, usually misleading memes are out there? are people so freaking stupid that they can’t comprehend a thought unless it’s 25 words or less in big type on a picture?and then there were the ads. they never seemed to stop. but when they started showing me ads related to things i’d searched for on google, i completely wigged out. facebook was tracking my activity across the internet and using that info to display advertisements for things it thought i might like. this had to stop.in the meantime, twitter grew exponentially and became the platform of choice for the news media to quote. not a day went by when a television newscast didn’t include at least one tweet.understanding the algorithmif you’re curious about how the algorithm used by social media companies affects what you see and how you feel about it, you really ought to check out filterworld: how algorithms flattened culture by kyle chayka. this book takes an extremely detailed look at how algorithms are used to addict us to social media and then manipulate us when we’re there. it’s full of real-life stories as examples.i “read” it in audiobook format on a long drive and was really struck by a lot of things it covered, mostly because i’ve already seen examples in my own life and social media use. it has made me glad i’ve gotten off of algorithm-based social media platforms but has also made me think hard about the time i spend online.and then i noticed that tweets weren’t appearing in the reverse chronological order i loved. and that tweets were missing. twitter, like facebook, was employing an algorithm that determined what it would show me and what order that content would appear in. among ads. i found myself repeatedly going into settings to revert back to the chronological timeline of all the tweets by people i followed.in the perfectly coined word by cory doctorow, social media — all social media — was becoming enshittified. after getting us addicted to their platforms, they were adding crappy “features” no one wanted to display advertising, change opinions, and collect information about us that they could sell to third parties. you know what they say: nothing is free. if you’re using a free service, maybe you’re the product they’re selling to someone else.i knew what was going on and i didn’t want to be part of it. something had to give.after staying off facebook for a whole year, i decided to delete my account. the hardest part about it was not losing touch with the few real friends i had there. it was knowing that the hours i’d spent participating on the service, giving them content that they might or might not show to the people who followed me, was time ultimately wasted. all that content would be deleted. gone for good. (at least i hope so.)i was down to just one social media account: twitter.2022 and beyondmy love affair — fueled, in part by addiction — for twitter soured considerably when the space karen, elon musk, bought it. it didn’t take long for him to try to monetize it by allowing people to pay for a “verified” check mark and trying to force those of us who already had one to pay up to keep it. i elected not to pay and found myself suddenly unverified. i was no longer who i said i was?my current profile on mastodon.i saw the way things were going — although i admit i never expected it to get as bad as it did. i set up an account on mastodon, an open source platform that networks servers around the world, very much like the old fidonet network my bbs was part of in the mid 1990s. over time, i weaned myself off of twitter and onto mastodon. i fully expected it to meet my “watercooler” needs, bringing me a handful of friends i could chat with online no matter where i was.mastodon reminded me of twitter when i first joined. no algorithm. posts appear in reverse chronological order. i see every toot by everyone i follow — unless, of course, i blocked certain words or phrases with filters. i currently use filters extensively on mastodon to block out as much political content as possible. i don’t need to follow politics on social media, where memes and desperate pleas attached to article links fill our minds with so much oversimplified crap.when i learned my twitter content was being used to feed ai systems, i wanted my 150,000+ tweets off twitter. i paid tweetdeleter to do the job for me. due to constraints on the twitter platform, it took two months.i set up mastodon to automatically delete toots after a year. i had realized that nothing i shared online was so important that it needed to be kept forever. life is fleeting, social media life is even more fleeting.and this is where i am now:i still have my twitter account. i have to hold onto the user name so no one else gets it and tries to impersonate me. (yes, it has happened before.) but i rarely look at it and, if you looked at it now, it would tell you to find me on mastodon.i participate throughout the day every day on mastodon. am i addicted? sadly, i believe so.my current state of dissatisfactionand that brings me to the point of this post.you see, even though i believe that mastodon is my best option for participating in social media — keeping in mind that my solitary lifestyle gives me a need for the always attended “watercooler” for chatting with others — i’m finding myself less and less satisfied with it. simply said, i don’t think it’s meeting my real need, which is thoughtful or amusing conversation.if i wanted a distraction, i’d look at youtube or do a crossword puzzle. or, for pete’s sake, work on one of my hobbies. (did i mention that i recently started linocut and bookbinding? it never ends.)but it’s not just distraction i want. i want meaningful conversation with intelligent people who don’t get bent out of shape if you don’t fully agree with everything they toot. people who aren’t sucked into current events so deeply that all they can do is whine about the current political landscape and share idiotic memes. people who can share a joke or provide insight about something i mentioned or share their own interesting experiences. people who aren’t so focused on the illusion of being a better human that all they can do is toot about the latest catastrophe or outrage that should make us sad or angry or frustrated and boost the toots of every out-of-luck user begging for money. people who don’t hate.am i getting that on mastodon? yes, to a certain extent. i fine-tune the accounts i follow daily, cutting out the ones who toot things i don’t want to see and turning off boosts for the ones who share everything they like, regardless of its more universal appeal. (the theory these people cling to is that they’re doing the original posters a favor by sharing instead of liking since there’s no algorithm to give them exposure. what they don’t realize is that they become one of thousands of algorithms, and that by sharing nearly everything, they’re filling our feeds with too much stuff.i can count on two hands the accounts i interact with — keeping in mind that the only thing i want from social media is interaction. the rest is a steady stream of photographs that may or may not have been taken by the person who originally posted it. (i recently blocked the pixelfed instance and that really cut back on the flood of photos. enough remain.) and don’t get me started on the holier-than-thou mavens who find it necessary to tell us all how to toot and include alt text and use hashtags. i tell people how to mute and block people like that. ;-)in general, however, social media is not serving me what i want to be served. it’s not filling the socialization gap in my life that’s inherent with living or traveling alone in a relatively remote area. and that’s got me wondering why i waste so much time on it.the solutionthe solution is easy:cut back on social media use. i’ve tried before but will try again to limit my access to social media to 7 pm to 7 am. in other words, no scrolling during the day. i’m also going to try to limit all access to less than one hour a day.continue to fine-tune the list of people i follow to dump the ones who share stuff i don’t care about and don’t interact with me and replace them with more interesting people. (i’ve been doing that a lot lately.)turn off boosts (like a retweet or share) for the people who share a lot of crap i don’t want to see.continue to fine-tune my filters to block out content i don’t want to see. these days, it’s pretty much anything to do with politics, war, gender and race issues, gaming, and programming. i figure that i already see just a fraction of what the people i follow post because of my extensive filtering. that’s fine with me.while i don’t think any of these things will make my participation in social media more satisfying, i do believe that it’ll help break my addiction (because of less access) and help keep it from getting any more disappointing than it actually is.the next step, of course, is dropping out of this last social media platform and staying off social media completely. but i don’t think i’m quite ready for that yet.in the meantime, what do you think about your participation in social media? is it giving you everything you want to need? are you satisfied? do you feel as if you’re using your social media time productively or wasting it?share this:click to share on mastodon (opens in new window)click to share on twitter (opens in new window)click to share on tumblr (opens in new window)click to share on pinterest (opens in new window)click to share on linkedin (opens in new window)click to share on facebook (opens in new window)click to email a link to a friend (opens in new window)click to print (opens in new window)like this:like loading...

posted in deep thoughts, social networking 
 | 

tagged algorithm, books, facebook, instagram, mastodon, social media, tiktok, twitter 
 | 
4 commentspost navigation← older posts21 years!
on october 3, 2024, this blog turned 21 years old. since october 2003, i've written more than 3,000 posts.support this blog!
your participation and donations motivate me to keep writing. check out some easy ways to support my blogging and other content creation efforts.topicsabout the photos (280)blog technicalities (85)call me a geek (249)days in my life (604)deals and steals (83)deep thoughts (454)flying (791)for laughs (49)hobbies gone wild (45)i cook, too (100)in books (57)jewelry making (36)maria, rebooted (127)multimedia (244)on blogging (103)on the water (25)podcast episodes (26)productivity (11)social networking (67)summer jobs (72)the writing life (197)this just in… (45)travels with maria (554)top posts & pagesdr. bronners is not the answerwhy there are so many ads on youtubethe rules about flying over wilderness areaseasy microwave yogurthow to tell if the person you're dating is after your moneyconstruction: the oil/water separatormy poor man's hot tubpastinahow to start your own helicopter charter businessinstant pot pork, cabbage, apples, & onions my great loop tripradar and rule 7 february 2, 2025choosing your perfect loop boat january 22, 2025video: the big chute marine railway january 5, 2025captain maria langer’s guide to pets on board january 4, 2025in gulfport, fl january 3, 2025

proudly powered by wordpress				  

an eclectic mind					
proudly powered by wordpress theme: an eclectic mind.            
%d 






