     butler: used cars & trucks for sale in medford or | car dealer                                               















kiefer automotive group







call now












5000 crater lake avenue
medford, or 97504
                       







service







map







finance





















kiefer automotive group




      call    directions    
             home   new   search inventory   new ford's   new acura's     used   search inventory   vehicles under $15k   certified pre-owned inventory   sell us your vehicle      specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     finance   finance application   online payment     service   our service locations   online payment     about us   about us   careers     our locations   our locations   butler ford   butler acura                      home   new   search inventory   new ford's   new acura's     used   search inventory   vehicles under $15k   certified pre-owned inventory   sell us your vehicle      specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials     finance   finance application   online payment     service   our service locations   online payment     about us   about us   careers     our locations   our locations   butler ford   butler acura            






   inventory search    filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       








      search new inventory     search used inventory        
 

our dealerships



 



 




butler ford

1977 hwy 99 n.
ashland, or 97520
sales / service:
541-482-2521 



 



 



 




butler acura

1899 hwy 99 n.
ashland, or 97520
sales / service:
541-482-1489 



 



      
                                                                                          






service department
come visit our service center today! we service all makes and models, our technicians are factory trained, & we have 5 senior master technics on staff. schedule your service today!
schedule service









collision center
we are a factory certified auto body shop for ford, acura, hyundai, lincoln, chevrolet, buick, gmc, nissan, and honda vehicles. all of our technicians are i-car platinum certified, and our shop is i-car gold certified. our family-owned, family-operated company has served ashland, medford, and all of southern oregon for more than 40 years.
learn more













vehicles under 15k
not everyone can afford to buy a new car, but that's not necessarily a problem. check out our affordable used vehicles under $15k and find the right one for you. shop for a used car with confidence.
search under 15k





     
select a body style



 

sedan



 

coupe



 

suv



 

truck



 

hatchback



 

minivan



      

 welcome to  kiefer automotive group
butler automotive group is a family of new and used vehicle dealerships, service and repair centers, and car rental agencies operating in southern oregon. chuck butler founded butler automotive group more than four decades ago, and years of unwavering commitment to quality and excellent customer service have seen the company go from strength to strength. today, it employs more than 120 professionals in numerous locations throughout ashland and medford and works with many local nonprofit organizations for the good of the community. 
more about us

       



follow us on social media


                       


               

kiefer automotive group in medford, oregon
butler automotive group makes finding the perfect used car for you and your family an enjoyable experience. we are conveniently located in medford and ashland, oregon, and each location has two full-service car dealerships in order to offer you the best service and availability possible. customers from all over the area come to visit our dealerships to find the best deals on new and pre-owned vehicles, so you're sure to find what you're looking for when you visit butler automotive.



we stand behind our great reputation
one of the many advantages of working with butler automotive group to find your next used vehicle is that we are committed to your utmost satisfaction. we have thousands of reviews to prove just how serious we take our dedication to customer satisfaction. our stellar reviews include 4.8 stars at our butler ford location, 4.9 stars at our butler acura location, 4.8 stars at our butler hyundai location, and 4.8 stars at our butler kia location.
what's the secret behind our great reviews? it's simple—we put the needs of our customers first. our salespeople provide a low-hassle environment that allows you to explore all options available without feeling pressured. we walk you through the entire car-buying process from start to finish and answer any questions you might have to ensure you feel comfortable and confident that you're making the best decision for your lifestyle and driving needs. what's more, once you become a customer, you're a customer for life and we treat you just like we would treat family.


a great used car inventory to choose from
butler automotive group has endless options when it comes to the perfect used car. all of our locations boast large inventories full of a variety of certified pre-owned (cpo) cars to choose from. plus, our full-service dealerships also offer top-notch repair and maintenance services to ensure your new pre-owned car continues to run for years to come.
what's more, at butler collision center in ashland, oregon, you can ensure that we will take care of your needs following a traffic collision. we have only the best equipment and tools needed to repair your vehicle as well as plenty of rental options to keep you going until your car is ready.


community support
at butler automotive group, we take giving back to our community seriously. as a family-owned business that has operated in the area since 1976, this community has done much to support us, and we strive to return the favor whenever and wherever possible.
our dealership regularly supports several local charities and organizations, a few of which include southern oregon boys and girls club, ethan jostad foundation, rogue gallery and art center, jackson county search and rescue, southern oregon university, central point rotary club, and the rose circle mentoring network. we also provide support whenever possible to other organizations and charities in our community.
for a great car-buying experience and customer service you simply can't find anywhere else, visit butler automotive group for your next used vehicle.

                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | kiefer automotive group | 5000 crater lake avenue, medford, or 97504             


















       