



























































































































































































































































































































































































































 

candlecharts





















		skip to content









(732) 561-2152 info@candlecharts.com
 





login 






$0.00




 


















 







home

programs & services

live charts

events

about

menu toggle





candlecharts.com advantage 

candle trader’s gallery 

support/faqs 

contact
 





 







 







main menu

 















 











get your free






candlecharts resources






 
basic candle video including steve's most important trading rule
 
receive informative market updates, and invitations to attend events
 
special student pricing on our programs and services
 
access to our exclusive chart pattern glossary
 
receive our weekly candle lite newsletter











create a free account


email address*
password* a strong password is required with at least 8 characters. to make it stronger, use both upper and lower case letters, numbers, and symbols.


register
 










go to login




















a message from our ceo



























what people say about
nison candlesticks




















carl t.


    candlecharts has helped me so much in my trading techniques and skills! i have so much more confidence to make trades on my own! thanks so much!













stu m.


    your scanner woke me up to the candle patterns in a real world. it was  eye opening.













mark k.


    ncs saves time for quicker and timelier analysis potentially leading to better trades, fewer losses, and more profitability.  a tool such as this that provides quick and accurate analysis is a trader’s dream













bernard f.


    this software is your nison candlestick trading coach. this gives the nison candlestick trader the ability to feel confident from day one no matter how much candlestick experience you have as a trader. using the candlestick patterns correctly gives higher trade success.













jake p.


    it’s like trading with steve nison right next to you. no second guessing yourself. forget about the cost of the software, this is a must have for any trader. if you lost money in the market then you seriously need ncs.













yeonsil y.


    i strongly believe that candlesticks helped a lot for my trading.













lee z.


    candles, along with western technicals, tell the tale.













max r.


    you guys are creating the best educational trading site in the net…i love the content, information, and webinars to analyze any market….you are awesome!













dwayne m.


    saves countless hours of analysis time and makes reacting to the developing patterns much faster… this is a great educational tool and also inspires trading confidence by having the capability of steve’s insight right on the chart you are studying













mark k.


    i was quickly and easily able to implement all of the features of the ncs software. ncs saves time for quicker and timelier analysis potentially leading to better trades, fewer losses, and more profitability. a tool such as this that provides quick and accurate analysis is a trader’s dream.













robert t.


    “if you are tired of working for your money and you want to learn how to make your money work for you…. steve is the man!”













arnold p.


    i think steve is excellent…he’s very professional. he brings a very socratic give and take approach, something you don’t see with most of the so-called mentors out there. a lot of them are charlatans, and steve is certainly not one of them. steve stands above the rest, without a question.













leslie j.


    i think it’s extraordinary. steve is able to present clear-cut information that is easy to put into trading ideas. there are nuances and little pieces of information that can’t be presented in a book.













monique m.


    without the training, i probably would have missed the candle signals and not taken my profits. i look forward to making many more successful trades in the future.













james b.


    the candles allow accurate, precise, earlier entries than anything else that i am aware of … it is almost like continuously ringing the cash register.













william c.


    his techniques and strategies turned my trading around. it’s very simple and deadly accurate.













john bollinger:  creator of bollinger bands.


    using candle charts has made me be a more profitable trader.













jerry m.















kris c.


    the group is amazing. not only am i learning a lot of strategies to keep in my arsenal. even more important than that is i feel like i can trade & make mistakes & bring them to the group the next week. i’m in the learning curve & there is no better way to learn than actually taking a look at my trading, finding what i did right & wrong, & having others who have the right information feedback to me.













peter m.


    being able to ask questions and put up trades for critique is invaluable! i highly recommend this training!













debi w.


    i have enjoyed the perspectives from different long-time traders to provide a wealth of ideas on strategy and trading. i’ve also benefited from the emphasis on risk management, candles in context, keeping a trade journal, etc. until it becomes “second nature”, i’m in the process of creating a checklist for my trades to remember to look at the various aspects. i especially like that i can go back and listen to the sessions as many times as i want.













heera s.


    absolutely register at candlecharts today! this is an ever-evolving skillset and the more guidance and insight from the masters you can get, the better.













evgenija g.


    i would strongly recommend to everyone that they join candlecharts to gain new ideas and strategies to compliment their trading.













jim b.


    the interaction with the experienced traders at candlecharts.com has given me confidence to develop my own trading style and recognize the areas that i need to work on to improve my trading success













jeannie b.


    the content in the videos is excellent and are what i like best. the videos mean i can watch them in my own time and learn at my own pace













mahendra b.


    we learn where to find golden nuggets and apply them for potential rewards.













lee g.


    this is the kind of stuff new traders need to see and be involved as soon as possible. thanks candle charts













tudor p.


    i found new strategies very useful and was explained very well, to understand everything.













john m.


what i learned about looking at different time frames provided an actionable trading strategy which i implemented and more than paid for the investment for the course .. from swing trading just one option contract on qqq – p304 – netted a profit of over $200 in about 15 minutes of trading time!



























register for free training




























easy to understand training videos to aide you in trading/investing for all markets including:


stocks/etf'soptionsforexfuturescryptoindices and many others 












for every skill & investment level


students range from ages 13 to 95!from traders with $100 to wealth management fundsfriendly, easy-to-understand videos to guide youlearn to trade as a hobby, add supplemental income, or even full-time career 




































learn from the gurus of candlecharts


decades of real-world experience trading & teaching candles & western technicalindustry leadersinstructors have a combined 100 years of experience! 












works in markets around the world


candle charts and trading works in all markets globally - find out howcurrently have students in 85 countriescandles excel whether you trade intraday, long-term, or anywhere in between 







learn more about candles around the world























register for free training
































learn from the master:







steve nison
steve nison, ceo and founder of candlecharts.com was the very first to reveal candlesticks to the western world, and is the acknowledged western master of these charts.



his three best selling books have been translated in over 20 languages.
over 30 years real world experience with candlesticks and western technical analysis
advisor to top institutional firms
spoke at the world bank, federal reserve and universities
highlighted in the wall street journal, barrons, euroweek and many other publications
winner traders' hall of fame























learn more about nison candlecharts

















 








 






home

programs & services

live charts

events

about

menu toggle





candlecharts.com advantage 

candle trader’s gallery 

support/faqs 

contact
 

login
 





home

programs & services

live charts

events

about

menu toggle





candlecharts.com advantage 

candle trader’s gallery 

support/faqs 

contact
 








 

					shopping cart					


 





























(732) 561-2152 














info@candlecharts.com 




































additional resources







logineventsmeet our teamsupport/faqs








about us






no matter what you want to trade,you can get the best candlestick chart training in one place……from the father of japanese candlestick charts


















© 2024 candlecharts. all rights reserved.









terms of use | privacy policy | risk disclosure









 

risk disclosure: the risk of loss trading securities, futures, forex, and options can be substantial and is not for every investor. individuals must consider all relevant risk factors including their own personal financial situation before trading. an investor could potentially lose all or more than the initial investment. risk capital is money that can be lost without jeopardizing ones' financial security or life style. only risk capital should be used for trading and only those with sufficient risk capital should consider trading. past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. we make no profitability nor performance claims of any kind; all information is published for educational use only. disclaimer: all information provided herein is published for educational purposes only and should not be construed as investment advice. no profitability nor performance claims of any kind are being made. trading is a high-risk, speculative activity. we are not an investment advisor, financial planner nor registered broker. we are a publisher of educational content. consult with a registered investment advisor prior to making trading and/or investment decisions. by accessing this site and its products/services you agree to all terms of our disclaimer . no offer to buy nor sell any instrument is being made on this site. you hereby grant this site a royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide license to display, modify, adapt, create derivative works from, and otherwise use any suggestions, ideas, comment posts and information that you provide to this site. none of our content on any site nor courses nor other publications is a promise or guarantee of specific results or future earnings; we do not offer any financial investment nor trading advice of any kind; we publish educational content. we do not purport to tell or suggest which securities nor currencies customers should buy or sell for themselves. our owners, employees, subcontractors, colleagues and/or affiliates may hold positions in the stocks, currencies or industries discussed here. you understand and acknowledge that there is a very high degree of risk involved in trading. it should not be assumed that the methods, techniques, or indicators presented in these products will be profitable or that they will not result in losses. testimonials may not be representative of the experience of other clients, and testimonials are no guarantee of future performance nor success. their experiences may not be typical of what you can expect to achieve, as results may vary. claims contained within testimonials have not been verified. testimonials, case studies and success stories are individual experiences by persons who have used our services. although these are accepted from site visitors and customers in good faith, we have not independently examined the trading records of any customers and therefore have not verified any specific figures or results quoted therein. for this reason you should assume that their results are not typical. no representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits of any kind. generally-expected customer results are that all traders lose money and do not become profitable, regardless of the training they receive -- trading is a high-risk speculative activity and there is significant risk of financial loss involved. trading involves a substantial degree of risk and may not be suitable for all investors. past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. commodity futures trading commission (cftc) rule 4.41 hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are described below. no representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. in fact, there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and the actual results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program. one of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of hindsight. in addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk, and no hypothetical trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk in actual trading. for example, the ability to withstand losses or adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect actual trading results. there are numerous other factors related to the markets in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all of which can adversely affect actual trading results. the information, services, products, claims, and materials on our sites are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied. we disclaim all warranties, expressed or implied, related to strategies and content provided on this site as well as those that are presented in our products and services. all courses, videos and services are licensed for individual noncommercial private use only and may not be resold nor redistributed in any manner. all sales are final and no refunds are offered. every visitor to this site, and subscriber (or prospective subscriber or customer) acknowledges and accepts the limitations of the services provided, and agrees, as a condition precedent to his/her/its access to our sites, to release and hold harmless candlecharts.com, candlechartsacademy.com and mycandlecharts.com, its officers, directors, owners, employees and agents from any and all liability of any kind (including but not limited to his/her viewing and/or implementation of this sites' content, emails, webinars, videos, subscription to services and/or purchase of any trader training product or service herein). we encourage all traders to learn to trade in a simulated trading environment using a demo account only, where no risk may be incurred and to not risk live capital. testimonial disclaimer: testimonials appearing on candlecharts.com or any of our other web sites may not be representative of the experience of other clients or customers and is not a guarantee of future performance or success.


















 
 





 scroll to top




























































