








arts in therapy network | an international community for creative arts therapists








































arts in therapy network


					search				


primary menu

					skip to content				






search for:



 









february 2010: registration bug problem
currently there is a bug in our system so registering for the aitnetwork is not possible at this time. we hope to have the problem fixed asap. please check back and if you find this message has left the ait builidng…everything is back on track. thank you for your understanding and patience.
welcome to the ait network
the arts in therapy network is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization dedicated to providing an online community for creative arts therapists (cat) and those who are interested in the healing arts. take a spin around these resources and enjoy! if you like what you see, join over 3,400 members of the aitcommunity by scrolling down to registration. 
to post information on the aitwebpage or in the aitemailer, send your information to: ait
please visit ait’s parent non-profit the arts we need, inc. and consider making a tax deductable donation of any kind to help with the development of tawn, including the expansion of the aitnetwork.
welcome!
chriss berk, ma, atr-bc, lpc, lcat
founder/ceo
the arts we need, inc.
arts in therapy network
important message to aitmembers
if you have an email account that filters out bulk email, you will need to add chriss@artsintherapy.com to your safe senders list or to your address book so that the aitemailer will arrive.
join the ait community
aitmembership is free!
as an aitmember you will receive the weeky arts in therapy emailer offering up-to-date information on the cat profession including job listings and searches, member requests, and announcements. you are also welcome to contribute information to the aitemailer and aitwebpage and be listed as a cat supervisor or private practice referral.
become a member of the aitcommunity by completing the user friendly aitregistration form.
you may cancel your aitmembership at anytime.
register now!
*any information you send remains within the arts in therapy community and is not given out to anyone!!
learning about creative arts therapy
so you want to know more about creative arts therapy (cat)…it’s not so hard to do. i think the internet is one of the best ways to begin your information trek. most creative arts therapy organizations have a website(at least here in the us). these sites will provide you with a formal definition of the field, approved education programs, local and international chapters/organizations, related links and many more goodies. it is important to visit these sites because you will find the most accurate information. 
i sometimes find that a web search, although very useful, can be overwhelming..like when i do a search on art therapy and 3 bazillion matches are offered! try and use specific key words and experiment using various phrases like ‘music therapy articles’ and so on. the aitlinks page lists around 200 cat and related links for you to check out.
your local bookstore is a good place to find cat books (the larger bookstores for sure) and also online booksellers/publishers offer many choices. 
to start networking with cats you can join cat e-groups. you can also go to main pages like yahoogroups.com and do a search and see what pops up. some cat organizations list their e-groups on their site, like the amercian dance therapy association (www.adta.org). another networking option is to join a national, international or local cat organization. 
locating cat workshops can be a bit tricky. usually i find out about cat events by joining e-groups and networking through email. the aitwebsite also has an events link that posts upcoming cat events. cat events are also listed in cat journals and in local chapter newsletters. cat organizations always list their annual conferences on their websites and some even list additional events. cat education programs and local cat chapters also host events so you can contact them and ask about upcoming programs. 
in the 10 or so years hosting the aitnetwork i find that searching the internet and networking is still the best way to go. be creative in your quest for cat information as the more you search the more you find!
i hope this information will keep you busy for a while. : )
good luck!
take care,
chriss 
the art of peace begins with you.
work on yourself and your
appointed task in the art of peace.
everyone has a spirit that
can be refined, a body that
can be trained in some manner,
a suitable path to follow.
you are here for no other purpose than
to realize your inner divinity and
manifest your innate enlightenment.
foster peace in your own life and
then apply the art to all that you encounter.
– morehei ueshiba 
a sincere thank you to all cats who provided 9/11 crisis counseling
on september 11th, 2001 my life here in new york city came to a screeching halt and devastation quickly set in. my home, they city i love became a target of pure evil. on september 13th, 2001 feelings of helplessness transformed into empowerment when i was asked to provide crisis debriefing for a company here in the city. shortly after, the demand for this work far exceeded what i could supply as an individual. i turned to you, the aitcommunity, for help. within hours of my sending out an email for backup hundreds of aitmembers responded from all over the world offering their time, professional skills and support. 
i want to express my sincere gratitude to each and every therapist who gave so freely of their time and talent to assist their brothers and sisters through this tragedy. over 100 therapists from the arts in therapy network joined me in this effort, despite their own devastation and grief. together we set up 5 crisis counseling centers in the tri-state area for a company who lost 200 employees when the twin towers fell, and provided crisis debriefing to 15 companies directly and indirectly affected by 9/11. i was truly honored to be the coordinator of this effort and could not have done it without you.
i also want to thank each and every aitmember who sent emails of support and encouragement. although you could not be here in person, you were the angels we needed and the foundation that held strong for us. 
i could have never imagined in 1996 when the aitnetwork began that it would later become a resource for so much healing. i often think about and am reminded of our unity during this difficult time and it touches me deeply. my experiences and memories of 9/11 will forever keep me focused on the precious gift of life and the people who truly care about this world. 
i am forever thankful to you and for you all.
chriss
remembering september 11, 2001
hearing, talking, reading about or remembering the tragic events of this date is still very hard for me. it is said that time heals all wounds, however there are moments when i wonder if this deep wound of mine will ever fully heal. i know as i write this, that i am far from the only one thinking and feeling the tragedy of this date. and maybe like you i continue to try and find some semblance of meaning or lessons learned that can ease the pain and anger. what i do know is this…that despite the feelings and thoughts i struggle with, i continue to try my best to carry on in life, trying each day to be a better person than the day before. this i feel is one thing i can do to make sure that those who died on september 11th, did not do so in vain. it doesn’t matter where you live or on what level 9/11 affected you, the fact remains that we are all in this together.
united we stand, divided we fall. 
i wish you peace as you make your way each day, that you focus on the positive about you and overcome obstacles on your life path with grace and humility. and most of all i wish you the best of company along your journey.





 this site has been preserved for research and resource purposes. the content listed on this site is likely not up to date or accurate.
what is…art therapy
music therapy
dance/movement therapy
drama therapy
psychodrama
poetry therapy
bibliotherapy
phototherapy
expressive arts therapy
shared experiences – the power of creativityhealing poetry
barb’s story
ruth’s story



an international community for creative arts therapists

links
referrals
supervisors
associations
events
about your host
 



search for:



 





 site last updated on 2/4/2010 arts in therapy (c)2001
all rights reserved | privacy
 



					proudly powered by wordpress				









