



mcguff outsourcing solutions

































































discount code  (0% off) has been applied.











 









javascript is disabled
to view the full content of mcguff medical products, please enable javascript and refresh this page.
enabling javascript helps with performance and a better browsing experience
















                            free shipping on all orders over $50
                        



                            everything you need in one place!
                        






























































enter a search term. 
if you can't find what you were looking for, please contact us using one of the methods below so we can better serve you.































                        we compound
                        injectables



                    developed from the knowledge of compounding drugs for over 20+ years with a stellar reputation of quality and customer service, mcguff outsourcing solutions (503b outsourcing facility) is the newest company to the mcguff family of companies to continue our legacy of producing quality compounded drugs you can trust.
                




latest updates








easy-to-use online ordering platform
effortlessly place your orders through our user-friendly online platform. streamlined and intuitive, our ordering system ensures a hassle-free experience, saving you valuable time.




free 3-day shipping and orders generally ship same day
enjoy the perks of fast and free shipping with our 3-day delivery service. rest assured, most orders are processed and shipped on the same day, ensuring you receive your products swiftly and efficiently.

*glutathione requires overnight shipping (ups 2nd day air - $20 per box)






industry advocate to ensure patient access to medications
we are passionate industry advocates committed to championing patient rights. we strive to remove barriers and promote a healthcare system where every individual can obtain the medications they need for their well-being.




upfront pricing
experience transparency and peace of mind with our company's upfront pricing. no hidden fees or surprises—what you see is what you pay.






licensing for mcguff outsourcing solutions



alaska


hawaii


alabama


arkansas


arizona


california


colorado


connecticut


delaware


florida


georgia


iowa


idaho


illinois


indiana


kansas


kentucky


louisiana


massachusetts


maryland


maine


michigan


minnesota


missouri


mississippi


montana


north carolina


north dakota


nebraska


new hampshire


new jersey


new mexico


nevada


new york


ohio


oklahoma


oregon


pennsylvania


rhode island


south carolina


south dakota


tennessee


texas


utah


virginia


vermont


washington


wisconsin


west virginia


wyoming


american samoa


guam


northern mariana islands


puerto rico


virgin islands


washington, dc





 pending license
 awaiting california license





mcguff outsourcing solutions' company history

                        mcguff outsourcing solutions (mos) captures 20+ years of compounding experience from its predecessor, mcguff compounding pharmacy services (mcps).
                        at mcps, we provided physicians and patients with quality pharmaceuticals including over 1,000 unique sterile and non-sterile products.
                        mcps produced over six million vials of sterile injections with the quality and efficacy demanded by its customers.
                        
                        with the ever-changing regulatory environment, mcps provided the opportunity for mcguff to build on its legacy and transform into mcguff outsourcing solutions, a 503b registered outsourcing facility.
                        mos, following current good manufacturing practice (cgmp) regulations, will provide higher quality compounded drugs, faster and more consistent distribution of drugs to physicians, and have the potential to add new product lines to assist physicians in their quest to help patients.
                        
                        our motto remains, “to retain our uncompromising passion for quality pharmaceuticals and customer satisfaction".
                        
                        as an outsourcing facility, mcguff outsourcing solutions (mos) meets federal 503b while maintaining the ability to develop new drugs for the market.
                        our focus is on providing high-quality raw materials, cgmp quality processes, industry-leading customer service and fast shipping.
                    






questions?
comments?
we'd love to hear from you.




www.mcguff503b.com


                            phone: (877) 444-1133
                            
                            fax: (877) 444-1155
                        

mos.answers@mcguff.com

2921 west macarthur blvd. suite 142santa ana, ca 92704




                more than sales and service - we're involved
            


















copyright © 2025 mcguff outsourcing solutions. all rights reserved.







coronavirus (covid-19)

            due to the coronavirus (covid-19) outbreak worldwide, the global demand for some personal protective equipment (ppe) is exceeding current supply availability.
        

            in addition, the manufacturing of the ppe and many other wound care/infection prevention products have been impacted by the global response to the coronavirus. while you may see product availability reduction in the near-term, please be assured that we at mcguff medical are continuing to work diligently to ensure an uninterrupted supply of products and alternative products to you.
        
            additionally, in order to ensure healthcare providers have access to the ppes they need, the mcguff company is temporarily limiting ppes to healthcare providers.
        
            as always, please feel free to reach out to our mcguff customer service team with any questions that you may have.
        

click here for updates regarding coronavirus pandemic and your supplies and a message from our president








