


taplow







welcome

welcome to the taplow website!
this is a jumping-off point for all sorts of information
about taplow village.
come in and look around.



a walk around taplow
a virtual-reality tour of taplow,
with clickable maps and hundreds of photographs.











hitcham and taplow society
the society has a website with news, information, and an archive with
most issues of the hitcham and taplow newsletter back to 1960.




pictorial websites

buckinghamshire county council online historical archives

there are 
a few taplow pictures
in buckinghamshire town and village photographs

the
historic england site
has many
pictures of the taplow
area
(mostly from the henry w taunt collection, which includes a lot of images
of cliveden)



aerial views of taplow and the 2014 village green party - movie by tim browning


landmarks


all of the
listed buildings in taplow are mapped by the british listed buildings website.


taplow court,
once the home of lord and lady desborough,
has been beautifully restored and is now the
headquarters of sgi uk
- a lay buddhist organisation.


current archaeology has an

article on the saxon burial and iron age hillfort at taplow court.
a number of the artefacts found when the burial mound was excavated are
now in the british museum: search for taplow in the
compass database

cliveden
- home of nancy, lady astor, is the largest national trust property in the taplow area.
most of the house itself is now used as a hotel

the canadian red
cross memorial hospital shrine - a most unusual website
dedicated to the remnants of
the old hospital that was enclosed in the grounds of cliveden.
there is also some information on dropmore and taplow lodge.


nashdom house was designed by
edwin lutyens
for princess dolgorouki, and was
later used as an abbey. after standing empty for several years it
was refurbished and converted into apartments - now known as
nashdom abbey estate.


wickenden house
and vineyard were re-built in the style of lutyens in the 1990s.


the river thames is an important part of the landscape around taplow.
the environment agency's
visit thames website
has a lot of information
to help you make the most of the river and its surroundings.



the environment agency
has a website describing the jubilee river - originally known
as the maidenhead, windsor and eton flood alleviation scheme (mwefas).
unfortunately they keep moving the pages around so you will have to start
at their home page and search for it.


local government

taplow parish council
can be contacted by e-mail:
taplow.pc@googlemail.com

a list of current planning applications in the area can be found on the

south bucks planning page along with much useful advice
on building, extending, and modifying houses.
another good source of advice on building issues is the
secured by design site.


south bucks district council


you can
report various problems
to south bucks district council


buckinghamshire county council


you can
report fly-tipping
on the south bucks website.
(this also redirects to
report fly-tipping
on the bucks cc website.)


taplow boasts several conservation areas, including
the
taplow riverside conservation area and the
taplow village conservation area.


the environment agency has maps showing all sorts of interesting information.
for example,
a map showing
which parts of taplow are at risk of flooding


buckinghamshire public rights of way interactive map


	the buckinghamshire online directory
	has links to activities,
	groups, organisations and services for adults in buckinghamshire
	from yoga and lunch clubs to support groups and services.


nearby towns and villages

walking
about in downtown maidenhead - a photographic tour of maidenhead,
which is just across the river from taplow.
(note that the original site has disappeared, so this is a link to an archived copy on the wayback machine).
maidenhead.net also includes
a photographic tour of maidenhead.


burnham
is the next settlement to the east of taplow. it still has a busy
high street, whereas taplow's high street has not had any shops for
many years.
burnham parish council
have a comprehensive website, and 
burnham also has its own community
website with lots of information and links.


bray is the next
village south of taplow.


slough is the nearest large town
to the east of taplow.


recreation


the oak and saw is our
village inn, with a view across the village green, a warm welcome,
and tasty food.


ex-taplow artist annick mckenzie
has established a website to show her very colourful work.


maidenhead rowing club
moved across the river a few years ago and now have a clubhouse in
taplow riverside.


maidenhead operatic society
rehearse every thursday evening in taplow village hall.


maidenhead camera club
has several taplow-based members.


thames valley adventure playground
provides adventurous, therapeutic and educational play activities for
both children and adults with all types of disability.


the south bucks
bridge centre is based in a restored barn in burnham:
it runs courses and club nights where you can learn to play bridge and
improve your game.


the renowned taplow choirs
are run by gillian dibden.


schools and charities

st nicolas school
st nicolas playgroup

taplow business


hub care support
	is a free-to-use service for finding fully-vetted carers and
	personal assistants.


self-catering accommodation is available in
hitchambury manor.


sgt service and repair
classic, sports and specialist cars.


skills 1st ltd is a consultancy
specialising in systems and network management and directory services.


windrush is the local
volkswagen retailer and luxury car specialist, accepts
any make in part-exchange, can arrange finance and offers a full
after-sales service.


knight architects
design simple, beautiful bridges and buildings.


other sites

villages online
	has pointers to hundreds of uk village websites
uk photos
	has pictures from all over the uk
a list of
	books on buckinghamshire
the maidenhead advertiser has a
	section covering burnham, taplow, and dorney
cedar chase is a group of 24 houses
	built in 1966 by span developments.
the marlow-maidenhead passengers' association
	looks out for the interestes of rail users in the area, including taplow.
	




race to the church

29th april 2011, taplow high street. to your vehicles! the race is on!











taplow artists network

this is a showcase for artists who live or work in the taplow area.
a wide range of work is on show, from watercolours to sculpture and from
acrylics to digital photographs.





 


andrew findlay

andrew@findlay.org



