







sailyard annapolis





















































0








        skip to content
      



























        contact
      

























                    find your boat
                  






open menu
close menu




























        contact
      

























                    find your boat
                  






open menu
close menu
























                  contact
                






















                find your boat
              
























































sailyard legacy



we're not just a yacht brokerage—we’re a legacy.




    find your boat
  



buying or selling a boat is a commitment to new beginnings.it is a decision to invest in adventure and freedom as you set sail for highest potential. 



each boat and every person has a unique story and purpose. we will meet you where you are and deliver you to your desired destination. when you embark upon a journey with annapolis sailyard at the helm, you can surrender to the process knowing that we value you, the customer, and are fully committed to service, relationship, and sustainability.



annapolis sailyard is the oldest yacht brokerage in the maritime republic of eastport in annapolis, maryland. for nearly five decades we have been providing high-quality service and expertise in yacht purchase and sales for both sailboats and power boats. we have long term working relationships with multiple highly distinctive yacht manufacturers.at the sailyard, we are experienced sailors who have walked the weathered deck and made passages of our own. 














sailyard inventory



whether you want to power up or set sail, we can align you with the perfect boat for your lifestyle.  scroll and click through some of our compelling options below!


























bertram 28 "about time"

the venerable design, smooth, dry ride, and constant upkeep at gibson island make "about time" a fantastic example of this iconic boat.  see her at the annapolis powerboat show!




bertram 28 specs











2002 nordic tugs 37

estate sale of a long time owner on the chesapeake bay; we have known this boat since new.  with a little tlc (which we can help with), she will shine and cruise for decades more.  less than 1500 hours, fully equipped!




full specs











taswell 44 as

rare opportunity for this taswell 44 as- beautiful, capable cruiser, and very well kept! ready for you now!




buy this boat




























sabre 36 extended flybridge!

"jane marie" is a fantastic offering in the sought after sabre extended flybridge market.  she is well cared-for and ready to go!




full specs!











najad aphrodite 42

this is a pristine, swedish built, comfortable and stable blue water cruiser. she sails very well and looks even better. we have not seen a boat kept up better nor longer lasting than this beauty. she is fully equipped to cruise and ready for a lucky new owner.




specs











viking 60

off the charts is an extensively upgraded 1996 60 viking sport cruiser- a fine example of viking yachts engineering and design, expansive interior space-features of a luxurious motor yacht with outstanding performance makes this truly a unique vessel.




click 




























1987 tashiba 36, $125k  

one-of-a-kind opportunity to own a classic ta shing tashiba 36 that is restored like new, at a fraction of replacement value. beautiful, capable cruiser!




jesse marie











2004 nordic tugs 37/39

original owner, well-cared for, cruised and attended to, 1500 hours!




full specs











allied princess ketch

classic cruising sailboat.  gabriel is a joy to sail and cruise aboard.  waiting for you at kent island yacht club.  exceptional value $37,500




buy this boat




























tartan 4100, $99k!

shoal draft 5'6" the tartan 4100 combines modern conveniences and amenities with traditional styling and sailing performance. ninkasi is a capable cruiser, waiting for you to make her your own. she is on the hard in annapolis, ready to be seen.




specs











pearson 424 "folly ii"

meticulously maintained and upgraded over the past 32 years by present owner.  this is a superb cruiser, with countless advantages.  proceed and see for yourself!




pearson 424 "folly ii"











express 35

the canadian built express 35 has a loyal following and "fantastic" is a very well kept example.  she is ready to go!




buy this boat!




























ta shing tashiba 40

1987 ta shing tashiba 40 if you are looking for the ultimate cruising vessel put this great example of the tashiba 40 on your list.designed by robert perry and built in the exclusive ta shing yard ,this boat will get you anywhere in the world in safety and comfort.




specs











20' bayliner

you can't beat the unmatched value you get out of a bayliner! there's plenty of room for you and friends along with toys to play with! this boat makes a great day boat and has enough power to handle all the water sports! hurry and make it yours today it won't last long!




more











2017 tahoe!

like the name says, it's a funship! double decker with water slide off top back. double anchors, grill, upgraded lowrance system (last year), 2017 honda 250 full tilt outboard motor (works great, yearly maintenance, 80hrs), kept shrink wrapped in off season out of water on lift. awesome family boat!




buy this boat




























2003 luhrs 36

luhrs made sure their boats are a comfortable ride for the passengers while cruising to the fishing grounds. this 36 open is in fantastic shape and very clean. the upholstery was replaced in january of this year, 2023! the yanmar engines are 440hp each and have under 1000hrs!




specs











1998 cabo 31

new listing! her 350hp caterpillar engines have just under 3000hrs on them. more info coming soon.




cabo











2016 parker 25

the 25-ft parker is an outstanding bay fishing boat! there are around 570hrs on the engines that run fantastically! overbuilt in north carolina these extremely capable boats will take you wherever you want to go! there is a survey available from 2021 and the hours are low.




buy this boat




























s2 11m

remedy has everything a sailor, couple or small family could want to cruse in comfort.  with her sought-after, private center-cockpit layout, dependable diesel, updated and spare sails, and quality build; remedy is a great cruising sailboat. 




specs











20' bayliner

you can't beat the unmatched value you get out of a bayliner! there's plenty of room for you and friends along with toys to play with! this boat makes a great day boat and has enough power to handle all the water sports! hurry and make it yours today it won't last long!




more











2017 tahoe!

like the name says, it's a funship! double decker with water slide off top back. double anchors, grill, upgraded lowrance system (last year), 2017 honda 250 full tilt outboard motor (works great, yearly maintenance, 80hrs), kept shrink wrapped in off season out of water on lift. awesome family boat!




buy this boat






























sailyard team



when you buy a boat with annapolis sailyard, it’s all hands on deck.















cary lukens, owner








            bio
          










cary is a native annapolitan and accomplished sailor with a boatload of nautical experiences. his deep commitment to service buoys his intention to align the unique stories of his clients with their personal goals.cary’s best life includes spending lots of time with his daughters. so, when not on or around boats you’ll find him chilling with his daughters or practicing yoga -- and quite possibly eating carrots and listening to the grateful dead.  in his life before annapolis sailyard, cary was an adolescent and family counselor at a state-run psychiatric hospital.   








            one time on the water...
          










cary’s most memorable boat experience was sailing off the pacific coast of mexico with clients and seeing the lost soul.  








            in his words
          










“in another life i’m pretty sure i was a pirate with a soft streak.” 








             direct contact
          










443.995.5553cary@sailyard.com
























            bio
          










arn, aka the old guy, has been at sailyard since 1998, and when you sit down with him, you encounter a lifelong boater and natural storyteller who enjoys sharing his vast knowledge while making a new friend.   before sailyard, arn was an engineer in the navy, a hershey executive, co-creator and patent holder of bicycle braking systems, and an eagle scout and adult scout leader who helped pioneer a new innovative boy scout leadership program.  when not on or around boats you can find arn fly fishing for trout, trying new foods, or listening to the big bands of the 30’s and 40’s. and he never boards his boat without his knife, reading material, and sunglasses.   








            stellar sailing memory...
          










“my most notable sailing experience was being in the middle of the atlantic on a bright starry night and feeling i could scoop up a thousand stars in my hand.”    








            fave quotation
          










arn’s favorite quote is from the movie, harvey, when jimmy stewart says, “years ago my mother used to say to me, she'd say, ‘in this world, elwood, you must be,’  she always called me elwood, ‘you must be, oh so smart, or oh so pleasant.’”   “well, for years i was smart. i recommend pleasant.”  








            direct contact
          










          item description
        






arn reistad, jr. 















arne reistad iii, vice president








            bio
          










a lifelong boater and liveaboard, arne is eager to share his expertise and energy with you.  when he is not out on boats, arne travels and shares videos with his followers.  








            a funny thing at miami boat show...
          










while crossing the street at the miami boat show, arne encountered a cute little dog “directing traffic.”  after he helped her to the sidewalk, arne met the owner who confessed that he could not look after her, and offered arne the dog.  a few days and a one-way rental car later, “chi chi” was getting used to the weather in annapolis, where she would become the sailyard mascot!








            in his words
          










whether my clients are buying or selling a sailboat or powerboat, my aim is to provide good service.  i love helping my clients and sharing about the enjoyment of boating.








            direct contact
          










717-250-2915 (mobile)arne@sailyard.com



















rich kahn








            bio
          










rich has been sailing and selling boats since the 1980’s.  he is a former baba 35 owner and has unmatched experience with ta shing boats.  rich is also a native “baltimoron” and a former probation officer- so he’ll make sure you are on track.  but the best part about rich is his lovely wife elaine.   








            captain's log...
          










rich and elaine love boating on their current yacht, a mast & mallet thomas point 43.  that boat, and their prior boat, a baba 35, have both been up and down the coast and out to the islands; and so have rich and elaine.  








            eastport locals...
          










rich and elaine live two blocks from annapolis sailyard and are active in the maritime republic of eastport.  knowing rich is like knowing a whole community!  rich also loves sports and is an avid follower of university of maryland basketball, the orioles, and the ravens (but yankee and steeler fans still welcome here).  








            direct contact
          










410-980-5096 (mobile)rich@sailyard.com
























            home waters
          










capt. john grew up fishing and crabbing in mayo and edgewater, maryland, and graduated from south river high school in 1996.  after his military service, john found his way back to home waters in 2018 (the bay will always be his home).  as a professional yacht broker and licensed captain, john is always searching for the perfect boat for his customers. 








            service
          










shortly after high school, john joined the us army and served for a couple decades, in iraq, texas, and california.  








            living the dream
          










john is currently living the dream aboard his boat on the chesapeake bay, while helping others realize their own boating dreams. 








            direct contact
          










cell phone: (209) 297-1314 email: john@sailyard.com







john guidotti














sailyard stories



for more than 40 years we’ve had a positive relationship with the chesapeake bay boating community. 



here are some of their stories.



























i’ve been singing your praises to those who grumble about unloading their boats in the yard. i hope more happy customers like myself find their way to you. 
—thomas






we were impressed with cary’s good listening skills, receptivity to our needs, his caring approach, and professionalism. he knows the market well and gave us good advise.
—jacques and sheila






thank you for your assistance in making my dream come true! and also for putting up with my panic emails and phone calls.  we arrived in the nyc harbour on september 24th at noon. the boat ran perfectly for the entire trip and fuel consumption was excellent.
—janice






we want to say thank you for your continued support. since out first introduction, we have been most impressed with your kindness, knowledge and dedication to your clients.   when we first met, we told you honestly that we would not be in the boat buying market for five years, yet you happily helped us kick some jack stands and narrow down the type of boat we were looking for.  we will be eternally grateful for the tie you took with us in the early stages.   when we made the commitment to buy a boat you were right there with us, even as far as mexico. your advice helped us get the boat we love.   since our purchase five years ago, you remain a loyal friend and have offered innumerable advice and help. thank you!
—david and nancy






this past summer with wolfe has been fantastic! my dad and i appreciate the help you gave us during the overview and purchase! we very much appreciated your service and time. in future years when looking for a boat, we will definitely turn to your expertise!
—sam and kent







































































sailyard guide



consider us boat matchmakers. 



we have decades of experience with the best cruising boat manufactures. because we are experts in all things nautical, you can rest assured you will get the boat that’s right for you. 



























nordic tugs
nordic tugs are hand crafted to for  the cruising lifestyle. wherever nordic tug owners go, they travel in comfort and confidence, knowing their vessel is one of the most seaworthy cruisers on the market today.  











taswell
taswell yachts are high performance cruising yachts crafted in taiwan by ta shing yacht building company.  designer bill dixon combined the elegance of wood with the technology of fiberglass then created these vessels with comfortable interiors and suitable for the rough seas.











valiant
designed by robert perry and built in america since 1972, these yachts  have logged over 3,000,000 offshore miles including circumnavigations and short-handed ocean crossings, more than any other brand of sailboat ever built!  











camano
these compact and versatile trawlers are designed by bob warman and known for their spacious comfort, easy handling, low maintenance and classic look. 











baba
baba yachts were designed by bob perry and built by ta shing from 1977 through 1985. they are sturdy vessels suitable for making long offshore and ocean passages needing only a couple of people to crew the boat. 











tayana
tayana yachts are high quality offshore sailing vessels that are easily handled by a couple, powerful enough to cross oceans, comfortable enough to live aboard, and beautiful enough to bring tears to your eyes. 







































































326 first street, annapolis, md 21403hours: by appointment, widely availablephone: 410.268.4100



come see us in our beautiful location in yacht haven in eastport/annapolis. walk-ins are always welcome!


   



















sign up to receive news and updates! don’t worry—we respect your privacy.




email address






sign up





thank you!

















326 first street, annapolis, md 21403cary lukens, ownercary@sailyard.com   |   410.268.4100




    find your boat
  











