







	ametek usg - pressure gauges, transmitters, diaphragm seals and more...








your browser is out of date. the site is optimized for ie 9 (not compatibility mode) and above, chrome 29, firefox 23 and safari 6.0.

































skip to content










 









   
login




registered user login








 









toggle navigation 






industrieschemical processingmining industryoem productsoil and gas productionpower generationrefineriesspecialty gaswater and wastewater treatmentproductspressure gaugesprocess gaugesliquid filled gaugestest gaugesgeneral equipment gaugesspecial application gaugesdigital pressure gaugesaccessory productstemperature productsdiaphragm sealstransducers and transmitterslevel instrumentsmarine/naval transducersultra-high purity productspneumatic pressure controllerslearning zonepressure gaugesdiaphragm sealsapplication notessupportproduct configuratordocumentationenvironmental complianceproduct support - rmaregister your productrequest rmacompetitor cross referenceobsolete productswarrantyproduct return policyterms & conditionsnewslatest newsabout usabout uswelcome to ametek's sustainability hub! career - shape your future with ametek stcour brandsour corporate partnerscontact uscontact usrequest a quotenewsletter sign up regional distributorwebshop









    shop online    













































































































































ametek usg - pressure gauges, transmitters and more... at a glance
ametek u.s. gauge
u.s. gauge is one of the world's leading suppliers of high quality, competitively priced pressure gauges, diaphragm seals, temperature gauges and thermowell fittings. founded in 1904, us gauge's product offering started as a bourdon tube pressure gauge, but has expanded over the years to the products noted above.  the product line includes a wide range of gauges, from vacuum pressure to a 23,000 psi gauge pressure device, in single or dual scale dials.  gauge sizes range from 1-1/2 inches to 6 inches, with brass, 316 stainless steel, or monel internals.  usg offers a complete range of options for all the above products, such as a gauge snubber, sta-kool cooling element, siphon, over-pressure protector, and much more.


ametek pmt
pmt products was founded in the 1960’s, and has been developing a variety of pressure transducers and pressure transmitters over the years, ranging from low cost general industrial units to intrinsically safe, or explosion proof, units for hazardous locations.  transducers and transmitters are available in vacuum pressure, gauge pressure, absolute pressure, and compound gauge pressure. the pressure transmitter line includes specialized military qpl mil-p-24212c (sh) and mil –t-24742 (sh) approved units for the navy.  pmt also offers pneumatic pressure controllers, submersible level transducers, and ultra high purity pressure gauges and pressure switches.

us gauge webshop
buy u.s. gauge pressure gauges and diaphragm seals online. visit our webshop where you will find prices of pressure gauges, transducers, transmitters and more.

want to make an impact? shape your future with ametek stc!
ametek stc has long been a pioneer and industry leader because of its skilled and motivated workforce. we believe that all employees are of equal value, and we believe in developing and encouraging their individual talents. this is why employees stay with us for many years; even decades. curious to learn more about working at ametek stc? learn more right here










recent news





 ametek stc: how to place an order from the webstore.

ametek sensors, test & calibration provides calibration, temperature measurement, pressure measurement, position measurement, level measurement, material testing, force measurement, springs and reels, cable management, and weighing solutions for a wide range of industries.





 new ametek stc water/wastewater industry brochure

ametek stcs new industry brochure focuses on our measurement solution for the water and wastewater industries.





 new nsf certified submersible level transmitters

ametek stcs new nsf certified submersible level transmitters bring reliable and safe level measurement to water and wastewater facilities. 






















 products



                                     pressure gauges

                            



                                     temperature products

                            



                                     diaphragm seals

                            



                                     transducers and transmitters

                            



                                     level instruments

                            






 learning zone



                                     pressure gauges

                            



                                     diaphragm seals

                            



                                     application notes

                            






 support



                                     documentation

                            



                                     competitor cross reference

                            



                                     obsolete products

                            



                                     warranty

                            



                                     terms & conditions

                            






 about us



                                     about us

                            



                                     welcome to ametek's sustainability hub!

                            



                                      career - shape your future with ametek stc

                            



                                     our brands

                            



                                     our corporate partners

                            






 contact us



                                     contact us

                            



                                     request a quote

                            



                                     newsletter sign up 

                            



                                     regional distributor

                            







social network


        linkedin
           
        


        youtube
           
        

social network










do not sell or share my personal information
privacy policy
cookie policy
terms of use
industries
learning zone
support
site map
redirecting to webstore
about us
webshop
contact webmaster
unsubscribe


©2023 ametek.inc. all rights reserved.



























 maccms





×
















