










       lennox lancers home - an online alumni community     








                            yearbooks          
                                   in memoriam       
           events             
                   memory lane       
   grade schools     
                         guest book      




































  					lennox high school		         
		              home of the lancers 		    
                                                                          an online alumni community		 















                        					lancer lady -   a tribute  


		lennox grade schools		
    class pictures         

		class roll call				

	we're taking attendance here        - add/update your roll call			
			trip down memory lane photos		

		spirit lives on	photo albums		



1992_1972class/memorabilia.htm
        
		lennox, california		
	
										history of lennox, the 
										   community, memories, etc. 
 

			lancer guestbook			
					                                 			a place to see and leave comments	
					                               			others want to hear from you too!	


			leave a comment 

			read lancer comments			




		coming events				

		lancers in the news and sports			 

		contact an alumni lennox lancer		

		past events / reunion photos		

				the dungeon					
												a fun place to explore				

				add/update lancers database		

				    visit classmates web pages		

				    vietnam - kia				
												dedicated to our 9 lancers	

			vietnam memorial wall album 		 

			"the lance" 				
					the lennox high newspaper			

				lhsmyfamily.com web site info, etc.		

			remember when photo album		


 			"the stand"			





		 		
		 		







 updates within the website:

 memoriams updated december 29, 2024 
 - in the memoriam page, a link to the list of memorials posted in 2024 was added. 
  - new memoriams in 2025 will
         be in  yellow font.  
 - yearbooks are being updated with links to the other classes (juniors, sophmores, freshmen and faculty) for getting 
        to them easier when searching for a classmate.  
 - the class picture for the class of 1963 was added.  
 - class roll pages updated - enlarged font size for easier reading. 

  coming soon! 

 - 2024 all classes reunion pictures 
 - 1964 60th reunion pictures 
 - grade school class pictures
 - lennox stomping grounds - memories in pictures of the lennox we all knew and loved.  
 - guestbook entries updated along with class roll call. (we're working the kinks out to get it operating again.) 






  2024 reunion information 

   click here to see who came to the 2024 reunion  
  click here to see the reunion program  




	      our brief history	        
 lennox high school was located at 11033 buford avenue, lennox, california, and was open from september 1957 
		until it closed its doors just after the graduation commencements in june 1984. 

		  our students became famous athletes, musicians, doctors, lawyers, actors/actresses, playwrights, philanthropists, 
		builders, educators, scientists, aviators, mechanics, artists, law enforcement, firemen, nurses, career military enlisted and officers, architects, entrepreneurs, 
		activists, models, and more. the diversity and breadth of scope has shown no bounds in our lancers as they navigated life after lennox, each having success in their
		 own right and in their own unique ways. 

		  after our doors closed as a high school in 1984, our memories of not just our beloved school were kept alive, but so was our community. our gym and locker room was the set for teen wolf, 
		starring michael j. fox, and lethal weapon 2, starring mel gibson and danny glover, filming on location at 111th and larch. 

		  the students that went to lennox as juniors (class of 1985), sophmores and freshmen were displaced to hawthorne and leuzinger high schools. a couple years later,  
		the campus was reopened as lennox middle school, home of the flyers. the school district was divided and centinella valley school district became centinella valley union 
		high school district, all the schools within the lennox borders was brought into the lennox school district, that governs k-8, the elementary and the middle schools.  

    

	reunions & events	
 are you planning a reunion? let us know and we will post it on here. it can be a full scale or a mini-reunion, we want to hear about them all and of course post 
			the pictures and comments from the here on your lennox lancer home website. 




	about this website	
 
			this website is dedicated to all the students, faculty, and staff who entered the royal corridors of our beloved lennox high school located in 
      lennox, california beginning in september 1957 until the doors were closed in june 1984.  while we are all called lancers, by decree, all men had knighthood
      bestoyed upon them and lady upon all women. 
 for most, lennox high school and the lennox community was a special place and time and forever cherished within our memories. we were a family and continue to be to this day. thanks to you all - 
			faculty, staff, and students that made the memories with us. 
 we hope you'll find something of interest while you visit this site and will share it all your fellow lancers knight's and lady's.  
	the idea for a website came from the members of the class of 1962 prior to the big y2k all class reunion and the need for a sharing the information 
			about it and bringing everyone together. bulletin boards were the rage of the time and a new platform called myspace was basically the only social media for sharing messages, but few used it.  
 a member of the class of 1964 took the ideas and turned turned it all into a reality when she developed the lennox lancer home as a place to keep everyone informed and in-touch with each other, we 
			all know her as the "lancer lady". she always said this site is about the school and the great people that went there and not about herself, so few know who she is. she now has health issues and
			has not been able to work on the site in the past year and a half which is why the site went down. several of us have ahd the opportunity to work with her over the years as the eyes and ears to keep her 
			informed and the site updated. 
 lancer lady has finally given us permission to let it be known who she is and tell her story about the site and all she has done over 
                      the twenty plus years since she started this great website. read her story here:   lancer lady tribute.   
 her main goal was create a common ground for us all so we could find other classmates, plan reunions, or just read what other alumni have to say about their years at lennox, after we left, to 
			praise a specific educator, or just browse around.  
 it takes us all to keep the lancer pride alive and well for our kids, grandkids and great-grandkids to see where we grew up. share 
                      this site with your 
			fellow lancers, kids, grandkids, etc. so that the lennox lancer spirit to continues on, and on and on....... 
 plan on spending some time roaming around the corridors of our royal kingdom here, there is a lot to see and reminisce about our days 
                      of yore. 




	your input is important to us	
 we are always open to suggestions on what you would like to see here in the website and value your input that would encourage you and others to return again and again. 
 click   here to send us an email with your input. 





	lancer memorials 
(newly added and updated)  
 changes to the page include enlarged fonts for names (helps those of us who can't see as well as we used to), updated photos, veteran status with the symbol of the branch of 
			service they were in, birth and death dates, new logos for the nine lancers killed in vietnam. 
 if you know of any lancers that have passed away, please send us as much information as you can about them so we can add them to the memoriam page. the 
      more information - the better! 
 here is what helps make a nice memorial as well as whenever we have to do any searching: 
 	- graduation year	
				- when and where they died/lived	
				- full name if known to include maiden name	
				- copy of or the link to the obituary	
				- siblings that went to lennox	
				- recent pictures	
				- any memories you'd like to share about of the person, paint the picture of who they were and their life.	



							look through your high school pictures and your memories to us to include on within the royal passage ways herein.  

							




















  	records & transcripts		
 	lennox high school records are maintained at: 	
 centinella valley union high school district (cvuhsd)			 
                    					14901 inglewood ave.				
							                lawndale, ca 90260				
                    					(310) 263-3204
 



				 			





								lancers where are your "now" photos for "	roll call	" pages? 
								lets see some more of you!   
								why aren't we hearing more from our finest faculty/staff?    
								c'mon lancers let's keep that spirit alive! 





 



 





 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 





 



 












                            				"recognize these kids class of 1960 and 1963"
                            					1959 felton ave grads and 1960 camp conrad










                           					 1962-63 program








                       						 '68 seniors lance 






								1964-66 memories





             1975             
					                        memory











































 


						photos of the past events and recent reunion are posted on the 		
		spirit lives on photo albums						!
 




 


 


 





           
                            
                              
                           
                    









 									                                            quick links to other pages			   
				            about lennox high school			  
			        yearbooks					              
				            memorials					              
				            lancer vietnam dedication			  
			      vietnam war memorial				    
			    read guestbook comments				  
			        sign guestbook					        
	coming events					          
		  lancers in the news 				    
		  now and then photos				      
			    remember when photos/albums			
	spirit lives on photo albums		
		  roll call					              
	complete roll call				
				            dungeon						              
		  lancers in the news 				    
				              visit lancers web sites				  
			        wich stand now					        
			        "the lance" newspaper	
				          lhs lancer databaseform				  
		  e-mail a lancer					        
	complete roll call form		
				          complete database				        
			      view buddy list names of lancers 
			        add your buddy list name			  
			        y2k2 "we are family" reunion site	
				              lhsmyfamily.com web site, etc.	
			        remember to sign lancer guestbook		
			    y2k all lancers reunion				  
				        y2k5 all lancers reunion			  
				          donations welcome				        





	       

							area high school links	
		hawthorne high school		    | 	
	inglewood high school		   
		      lawndale high school		    | 	
			        redondo union high school	  | 	
		      aviation alumni			       



 











	  	


  
 


	 		

    	













 










 


 
 





 	our last principal was 
	mrs. eleanor hooper		 

















	                                                    home page                      

     	lennox high school            
		               lennox, california 90304	        
                                             the lancers      (1958 - 1984) 	
	© 2000-2025 lennox lancers alumni home		
 








