











ruff tuff | america's finest custom seat covers





























 








×


order now
buy gift certificate
galleries

by make/model

chevrolet

silverado 1500
silverado 2500 / silverado 3500
other chevrolet


dodge/ram
ford

ford f-150
ford super duty
other ford


gmc
honda
jeep
lexus
nissan
subaru
tesla
toyota

4runner
tacoma
tundra
other toyota


other makes
utvs


by fabric

exotics
perf. sof-touch
sof-touch
carbon fiber
camo
dura ez-care
tuff suede
velour
tweed
saddle blanket


product guides


fabrics
sheepskin
utv
options

flex ops™ package
quilted inserts
special ops™
pistol pockets
front & rear pockets
headrest covers
armrests & consoles


ordering help

identifying your vehicle
identifying your seats

bench
bucket
60/40 or 50/50
40/20/40
airbags
controls & comfort
other seat features


seat cover features

insert & trim
foam backing
underseat & open backs


buying help
what’s in the box?
shipping


support

installation
care & cleaning
warranty and returns


faqs

ordering & policies
fabrics
seats & installation


about us

our company
contact
jobs at ruff tuff
video


resellers

reseller store locator
product guides
become a reseller

role of resellers
reseller application


reseller resources

tools for resellers
tips for resellers


reseller login


fleets





 




















order now











ruff tuff custom seat covers
for cars, trucks, suvs, and utvssince 1976


 801-972-5845






 

20% off during presidents’ day sale!
enjoy 20% off all orders placed friday, feb. 14th through wednesday, feb. 19th, 2025. be sure to use the code in the image, and enjoy savings on top quality custom seat covers for your car, truck, suv, or utv! discount does not apply to purchases of e-gift cards.



order now











ruff tuff e-gift cards
when there's not time to wait for a custom product to give as a gift, or when you don't know enough or don't dare enough to choose someone else's seat covers, give a ruff tuff electronic gift card instead.
 

free shipping to the lower 48 for orders $400 and up
whether you order online or by phone, if your retail order totals $400 or more, we'll ship it free within the united states, except hawaii and alaska.


about our seat covers
ruff tuff sets the industry standard for custom seat covers for cars, trucks, suvs, and utvs. we offer the best fit in the automotive industry, superior workmanship, and world-class customer service.

we design and sew our custom fit seat covers in the usa, at our factory in west valley city, utah, using us and imported materials. 

when you call us, the phone rings in utah. during business hours you get a real person on the line, not an automated menu.

at ruff tuff, custom means more than a great fit. it means you can choose from among our 11 available fabric types and dozens of colors and patterns -whatever suits your vehicle, lifestyle, and personality.

you can also choose among several options: headrest and armrest covers, front and rear pockets, removable pistol pockets, hard console lid covers, and diamond quilting. our popular and flexible special ops™ package is a favorite of outdoor enthusiasts, contractors, parents – anyone with a lot of things to organize.

we make custom seat covers for many makes and models, including popular choices such as chevy silverado, ford f-150, and toyota tacoma (among many other chevrolet, ford, and toyota models), as well as dodge and ram trucks, jeep, and most other cars, trucks, and suvs sold and driven in the us and canada. 

we also make custom utv seat covers for 13 popular makes: arctic cat, bobcat, cfmoto, coleman, can-am, honda, john deere, kawasaki, kubota, mahindra, polaris, textron off-road, and yamaha.

order online directly from ruff tuff at seats.rufftuff.com or by calling us: toll-free (us only) 800-453-8830 | standard 801-972-5845. or contact one of our many resellers in the us and canada. please feel free to call with any questions you may have. we look forward to helping you design the perfect seat covers for your vehicle.

if you're in the auto industry and would like to become a ruff tuff reseller, please apply online. if you're interested in setting up a fleet account, please apply here.

ruff tuff products was founded in 1976. we are family-owned and -operated.










galleries
take a look through our photo galleries to see many of our most popular seat covers and accessories on some of the most popular vehicles on the roads today.
view galleries







fabrics
browse through and view color swatches and learn more about our custom seat cover fabrics and available styles and patterns. we have colors and styles to suit all lifestyles and vehicles.
view fabrics







options
from arm rest covers and console lid covers to pistol pockets and headrest covers, our accessories will be a perfect compliment to your custom seat covers. 
view options







support
ruff tuff provides top notch customer service and support for all of our customers, whether you have a question about your specific vehicle or have installation questions, we are here to help.
get support







our satisfied customers




“i can’t say enough about the customer experience with ruff tuff. these guys do very high quality covers and they are amazing to work with. i just got them in my 2017 ram 1500 and love them! thanks guys!”
adam allred


“i just finished installing my new seat covers. bottom-line… they’re excellent. the fact you were able to custom fit them for my new utv is terrific. please pass along my thanks to your team.”
bob l.


“loved the seat covers, was able to install them myself. great fit!”
susan


“the seat covers arrived, and are all i hoped for. mark down a satisfied customer.”
gene


“thank you for doing a superb job fabricating covers for seats that i felt would be hard to cover! your website has the best descriptions, diagrams and pictorials of any manufacturer i found on the web.”
john ak


“just want to thank you for the beautiful job you folks did! not only are the seat covers a perfect fit, but they arrived in time for my friend’s birthday! thanks again!”
margaret


“i just wanted to let you know that you have a great company… wonderful to work with… professional and so courteous and helpful.”
tracy (top 5)


“i thought these seat covers came out nice! i am pleased with the product.”
willy


“couldn’t find seat covers in my area, then i found you. got them at a great price and fast shipping!”
woody


ordered seat covers for can am hd-8 defender. fabric selection process was fun. items were carefully packed with instructions provided. fit, quality and value = a+++. would highly recommend to others and will order from again!
liz erickson


“i am so impressed with the service you and your company give to your customers. the seat covers are beautiful, and the craftsmanship is amazing. thank you all so much. my husband is extremely pleased with them!”
anne


“love the fit and material, great customer service. thumbs up all the way!”
ben


“you guys do great work. my friend thought i ordered these seat covers from the manufacturer. i told them no; i ordered these from ruff tuff!”
bob ny


“the seat covers i ordered for my truck fit perfectly, are the correct color, and are much heavier-duty and comfortable than i expected. thank you again for many comfortable years to come.”
brady


“i installed a set of your seat covers on my tundra and have been very pleased with them. you have, without a doubt the best product of this type on the market today!”
wayne


“this is the fourth time i have ordered from you guys. as usual the seat covers you sent me were absolutely first rate. the materials are top quality, and the design and construction are the best. they fit perfectly and installed easily. thank you for making such a great product!”
bruce


“great seat covers. this is the second set i’ve ordered for different vehicles and have found the quality superb!”
curt


“everything fit great! it’s nice to do business with a company that cares.”
dan


“the service is excellent. nobody else sells seat covers that fit any of the newer seats. you really fit the need.”
doug


“i bought your seat covers for my truck seven years ago and they’re still going strong. i’ve recommended you to all of my friends and they’ve all bought them too!”
jamie


“you were so helpful and informative on the phone and assured me that i could call if i had any problems. the new seat covers look great. thanks.”
jennifer


“i’ve been using ruff tuff since 1982 and have been with them ever since. always good service.”
keith


“i used ruff tuff saddle blanket seat covers for over 12 years before they showed any wear at all … and that was with over 100,000 miles on it! i wouldn’t buy anything else for my trucks.”
steve (top 5)


“these seat covers are the absolute best covers that i have used or seen! this is a five-star company!”
tim


“ruff tuff always comes through on the tougher style seat covers. the best quality material, the best service, and the best fit.”
mike


“i will not forget the service… and would not hesitate to do business with you in the future.”
mac










  			2252 south presidents drive, suite ewest valley city, ut 84120 usa801-972-5845800-453-8830 (us only)  		
 801-972-5845
 customerservice@rufftuff.com








hours of operation
m-f: 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. mt
sat: 9:00 a.m. - 1:00 pm mt
(closed on the first saturday of each month)
privacy policy | warranty & return policy | login








