





      st. john's veterinary hospital - over 30 years of quality pet care
    




















contact us
follow us









home
our team
services
locations
resources








over30years
of quality pet care


              the st. john's veterinary hospital was established in 1981 and has
              been providing our clients with over 30 years of expertise, care
              and compassion. we are a full service, 3 doctor establishment
              located in the center of historic st. john's, newfoundland.
            








veterinarycare
skills without doubt

              our doctors have received their accreditations from highly
              recognized universities throughout canada and abroad. our doctors
              and staff continue to receive on-going training in the latest
              veterinary health care techniques through seminars and
              conferences, so we can provide your pet with the very best care.
            








widevariety
of excellent service

              we offer a wide variety of medical care, diagnostics, treatments,
              surgical procedures and emergency critical care for your pet. our
              team of highly qualified doctors and support staff are committed
              to providing your pet with the most up-to-date care, diagnostics
              and treatment plans.
            












the standard of
veterinary excellence


              our practice in st. john's is aaha accredited which means that the
              hospital has met rigid standards in veterinary care, staffing, and
              hospital facilities to ensure quality medicine for your friends.
            





emergencies
for after-hours emergency services call our regular line at
709-722-7766
to be directed to the hospital on call













trupanioninsurance






              direct billing available. find out more about insuring your
              pet.
                click here
              








location



st. john's veterinary hospital
                    335 freshwater road
                    st. john's, nl a1b 1c3
                  



                    map
                  












scratchpay








              explore a variety of financing options.

                click here
              











general hours of operation:
          monday to friday 7:30am - 5pm 
          saturday closed 
          sunday and holidays closed
        



© 2017 st. john's veterinary hospital.
            all rights reserved.
          








