

official bluebird energy systems homepage marine electricity transport solutions

















 









 
 
                 
                bluebird  earth 
                concepts   
                  
tm
  

big
      problems call for big solutions - planet earth is in big trouble

 please
    use our a-z
to navigate this site 
                | 
contacts 
                | 
ocean
                cleaning
 

              



   
 
       
      



 
 
 

  world's
      first hydrogen cartridge car: no, it's not a bugatti concept car. it
      is a british design, incorporating the first ever ammonia, hydrogen and
      methanol compatible cartridge recharging system. this car is an exhibit in
      a private museum in sussex (england). built in 2014 with the help of
      students. the pitfalls and shortcomings of the patent
      system meant that protection could not be secured without bankrupting the
      innovators. after robert kearns epic battle with ford and other automotive
      marques, who would want to enter that world of hurt. the design is copyright
      protected. the ip relating to the 'universal' cartridge system was never
      revealed.
 
 
 
 
 


transport
    solution for hgvs  - with
7.7 billion+ of
      us on the planet (2021), our energy requirement is rising -
    and that means global
    warming, unless we act expeditiously to cut our carbon footprints. one way
    of lowering co2
    levels would be to phase in electric transport with a comprehensive support
    infrastructure for battery and hydrogen evs, with load levelling storage
    capability.

 over
    600,000 gas
    stations will need to be converted or replaced between 2025 - 2050, to make
    way for the ev revolution. we would suggest as (flat-packed)
    smartnet™
    dual-fuel, load levelers, to cut the loss making in supplying hydrogen to fcevs.
 many governments
    are now tackling this problem head on (some) with generous grants for innovation and trials.
      even china
      is funding pilot schemes. the uk
    only offers 50% match funding, but has the
climate
    change act 2008, giving them binding targets to
    meet their 2015
    paris
agreements  from cop21, bolstered by the automated
    & electric vehicle act 2018,
    whereas, other economies are fighting shy of commitment - understandably -
    if they do not have all the answers. please see below for one of many
    possible solutions. we fully appreciate that with so many vested interests,
    such a proposal is unlikely to be well received. but change is inevitable
      and necessary to prevent man
      made famines in other parts of the world!
 

       

       

       

      
 

       
compatibility
    - before whitworth
    standardized thread sizes, engineering compatibility was very hit and miss.
    now, we take metric thread sizes for granted, and how much simpler for
    engineers - not having to invent a new size for each application. but with
    evs, we don't seem to have learned that lesson yet. each model appears to
    have its own size pack. the smartnet™ system caters for all sizes of
    vehicles, battery or hydrogen, cartridge and plug in. one size fits all -
    and we're going to need that, with 600,000 service stations to replace in
    the next 29 years.
 

       
 
      
      

 
robotaxis
      - zoox is an autonomous vehicle company that was acquired in 2020 by
      amazon, as one example of investors chucking money at robotic technology.
      robotrucks and taxis are the latest gold rush for lovers of silicon
      investments. the slow lane - we all live fast lifestyles. waiting 30 minutes for rapid charging not only strains
    the grid, but also damages batteries, and nobody has thirty minutes to waste - best case - worst case 6-8 hours. a truck size
    battery would take hours to (so-called) rapid charge. it is just not
    practical. ignoring for now that there are no charging points along the streets in
    towns and cities, or at supermarkets. the solution is smartnet instant
    recharging. one size fits all. with such a system we can kiss goodbye to petrol
    and diesel
carcinogens.
   this
    is a concept that has been bandied about for many years, to provide a  infrastructure
    capable of recharging heavy goods vehicles instantly, via swapping
    of energy cartridges, where plug
    in park & charge takes too long and there are few charging points on
    the streets in any event: 11,300 locations (31,500 plugs) for 32.5 million passenger cars
    in the uk - hence the automated
    & electric vehicles act 2018. the real battle for the fch-jh
    and g20
    is providing energy for long-range trucking. the proposed system deals with that.
 did you know that battery swapping is already a proven concept that is being
    used in china and india right now? a more versatile system could be used to store energy as hydrogen, or optionally, in lithium
     batteries - amalgamating two hitherto incompatible systems, so advancing the elusive hydrogen
    economy.
 
 



     
only
    a model
    1:20  - 
 in may 2021, this model of the proposed service
    station was progressed with two  

    mercedes articulated container trucks 

    inside. we were using plywood for the building and some of the working parts - that cannot be shown due to patent
    law   prohibiting prior
    publication. the automated
    & electric vehicle act 2018, makes it law in england that provision must be made for charging and refuelling of electric vehicles at service
    stops. this system would more accurately be described as a refuelling point - since the energy exchanges for trucks and cars are virtually
    instant - automatic for robotrucks and robotaxis. the building can be a quarter this size for city locations where space is
    limited and land prices high. but for load levelling purposes, the larger the capacity of stored  
electricity,
    the more efficient the grid. copyright photograph © 6 april 2020, 
cleaner
    ocean foundation. *a company for registration in a tax friendly development zone.
 
     
       
       
      



this
    is a suggested plan of action for the climate affected: 1.
    formulate a 'standard' for vehicle energy cartridges to accept batteries
    or hydrogen
    for  fuel cells. 2.
    design a smart service station to handle the 'standardized'
    energy cartridges for cars
    & trucks. 3.

    use the smart stations for load-levelling 
    to store off-peak solar & wind electricity
    for peak demands. 4.

    make electric cars cheaper to purchase and operate with pay
    as you drive  technology future proofing.
 
      


a
    hard shell to crack  -
    help us to help the world electrify. a versatile service system, removes the
    resistance to  electric
    vehicles, and protects private car buyers against
    making the wrong choice. development of the proposed energy infrastructure
    is dependent on car makers and energy suppliers working together to hatch
    the solution.
 




 

     

     solar
    & hydrogen long range  zewt: potentially that world's largest & fastest solar powered
    ship. the ss elizabeth swann™ is a cutting edge trimaran, 44 meters long with active outrigger hulls (or
    sponsons) that allow the vessel to trim for
    extremely efficient running - the first in the world with this feature. she has solar wings that fold for storms and track the sun, and a wind turbine on a mast, that can be raised and furled in high
    winds (just like a sail), also robotically controlled. she will also feature electric
    hydrojet
    drives (pod thrusters) to further enhance performance. lastly, the unique
    design of the hulls, enables the mass storage of hydrogen, for enhanced
    performance during long range cruising, as an energy backup. hence, the
    vessel qualifies as a zewt
    = zero emission waterborne transport. the vessel could be a contender for
      the jules
      verne hydrogen trophy, subject to modification. design copyright
    © january 2021 cleaner ocean foundation, all rights reserved.
 
 
 
 
 









   
 
the corn exchange,
                 brighton dome -
                 leo perrin is the youth project lead at the
                 cleaner ocean
                foundation - a not for profit r&d organisation. this is an
                amateur video of a short presentation given on the 13th of june 2024 about the
                'green
                hydrogen' powered  elizabeth swann - a  zero carbon

 trimaran around 44 meters in length. bristling with state of the art 
tech. this talk (only his second) was given at the launch of the 'sussex
                bay' re-wilding project, a brilliant initiative to conserve around 100 
miles of  sussex coastline, supported by many authorities and like minded
 concerns.  please visit their website to learn more of this important
                work.
 
 
 
 
seavax
      - november 2015 & may 2020 - project on ice
 
bluebird marine systems
    gave you seavax
    in 2015/16. this was passed to the cleaner ocean foundation a not for profit
    entity that made three european h2020 funding applications between 2017 and 2020,
    with high hopes, sadly dashed for lack of support. pity about the sargassum
    crisis!
 
up
    to 2017, bluebird marine systems designed a system to collect  micro
    plastic from water. the 1:20 scale 'proof of concept' vessel (below) was
    tested for stability and operated in a test tank that we constructed,
    successfully harvesting surface and subsurface micro plastic. the concept
    was further developed into a smaller and more versatile scientific research
    (pilot)
    vessel, the subject of h2020
    bids for collaborative ec funding via two separate eu consortiums in january
    and february 2020. this was under the steerage of the cleaner ocean foundation,
    based on a patent granted in june of 2019. the project is effectively on ice
    after a lack of support, confirmed in may 2020 - after 3
    attempts to gain eu funding. development of
    the autonomous energy harvesting system could be used to defeat the
    sargassum crisis presently ruining the mexican and caribbean island coasts.
    although the dream team was disbanded in 2020, if there was sufficient
    interest from appropriately funded cooperatives, the chief designer
    confirmed he'd put his gunbelt back on to help those nations sort that
    problem. note:
    bluebird
    marine systems was wound down in 2020 to put a cap on mounting losses.
 

       
 
 
 

 
 
2022
      sargassum emergency - as 
      climate change warms and acidifies
      our polluted oceans,  sargassum
      blooms are likely to become more of a regular feature, without a zero
      carbon solution at present. a custom built version of seavax
      or rivervax
      machines,
      could be adapted to harvest the macro-algae in a giant cleanup operation,
      aimed at preventing the large brown seaweed from becoming a tourism
      disaster in years to come. emergency status has already been declared by individual
      nations, with no unep
      action plan as yet. the absurdity of using diesel powered machinery to
      clean beaches and power amphibious pumps, it staggering, where it is fossil
      fuels that have caused the crisis. talk about pouring fuel on the
      fire!
 
 

       

           
     friday
      29th july 2016 -
    [left] this was a great day for the seavax team. chris close (project director), watches plastic and water being sucked into the
    1:20 scale seavax development
      model. this was an experiment in controlled conditions to prove that
      hydrocyclones might be part of the solution to dealing with small plastic particles. without
      funding from avaaz we would not have had a test tank to undertake such
      experiments. [right] as you can see, since that time additional features and facilities have been
    developed to test full size components and a 1:10 scale model. including
    wind machines to simulate storm conditions, for the development of zero
    emission ocean transport. copyright pictures © july 29
    2016 and april 1 2020, all rights reserved.
 

       

       

   
         
 

 
       
       
 
      



 
 

























contact
      us to find out more about how we can help keep the planet clean


 

     please
    use our site
      index to
    navigate this site

 
      
copyright © june 2024 climate change
      trust.
 

      






 
 
 
 
 

