


























visit franklin | official guide to franklin, tn


















































































things to docommunitieseventsshoppinghistoryfamily-friendlyarts & cultureoutdoor adventuresfarm experiencesview allwhere to stayfood & drinkplan your tripbook now










search


search
















find yourself in franklin
experience “the south’s most charming town”

plan your trip










plan your trip
things to do








williamson county’s history trail
get an insider’s view of history in franklin and beyond with the free digital passport.

learn more 








historic main street
the heart of franklin’s 16-block historic district blends award-winning preservation efforts with dining, shopping, music, and local flair.

learn more 








the franklin hop tour
ride the vintage trolley and explore the sights at your own pace during this fascinating excursion with live narration.

learn more 








southall farm & inn
this brand new luxury resort and working farm offers world-class experiences and immerses guests in nature.

learn more 








battle of franklin trust
learn about the last great battle of the civil war and tour the three historic properties caught in the crossfire.

learn more 

















download
free vacation guide

start planning your visit with the 2025 official vacation guide! explore our top recommendations for where to stay, eat, shop, and much more. consider it your ultimate roadmap to franklin.

download now











why should i visit franklin?
if you’re looking to slow down and enjoy a true southern experience, franklin is just the place for you!





things to do
find adventures for everyone, from history buffs to outdoor enthusiasts

learn more






where to stay
relax in boutique hotels, charming cottages & more

learn more






food & drink
try classic southern fare, local hidden gems & everything in between

learn more










book with us
find your home away from home
ready to get away?

book now






unique experiences
add these to your itinerary, and get ready to create lasting memories on your next trip to franklin!






bubble joy
a candy, jewelry, oxygen, tea & mocktail bar experience




mistletoe farm
meet the photo-worthy alpacas at this family-friendly farm




franklin on foot walking tours
take in the history, mystery & southern charm of downtown




























































































































































































































































































































































































arrington





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































communities
discover every corner of williamson county

enjoy this picturesque slice of tennessee the way the locals do! each community has its own distinct personality and holds so much to do and see. go ahead and take the scenic route to find what suits your fancy. there’s truly nothing like williamson county!


learn more











top 10 things to doin franklin
check out this round-up of can’t-miss activities and attractions in our charming town! easily download and share, then get ready to explore the best williamson county has to offer.

download







more trip inspiration 
get inspired with the latest and greatest things to do around town! browse our blog for ideas to help fill your itinerary and make the most of your time in franklin.

read more










not sure where to start?

whether you’re a first-time visitor or a seasoned franklin adventurer, check out these essential resources to make the most of your time with us!


plan your trip








contact us
have questions?
our friendly visitor center team has all the answers! get in touch with us for free trip planning assistance, personalized recommendations, and more. call (615) 591-8514, or send a message below.

talk to us 





resources
get inspired
we made it easy to plan your trip with itineraries that fit your interests and ensure you won’t miss a thing!

read more








visitor snapshots
what’s happening in franklin












have questions?
if you have questions prior to booking your trip or want personalized recommendations, call the visitor center at (615) 591-8514 or click below to send us a message!

get started




let’s stay in touch


name(required)


first



last

email(required)

address(required)



zip / postal code


emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 




















our goal is to attract and welcome the world to williamson county, tennessee, and each of its unique communities: franklin, brentwood, nolensville, leiper’s fork, spring hill, thompson’s station, fairview, and arrington.




quick links
about usfor partnersmediablogcontact us

meet in franklin
meetingsgroup travelsports

visitor center
400 main streetsuite 130franklin, tn 37064
(615) 591-8514




facebook
x
instagram
youtube
pinterest
tiktok


© visit franklin 2024 | terms and conditions





scroll to top
























