










































    
    hotel near st. mark's square venice - hotel al piave official site
  
  













          


       

  hotel →
  

button




  

  location →
  

button




  

  rooms →
  

button





view more


     english
en



  italiano
it

 français
fr

 deutsch
de

 español
es




    hotel



  location



  rooms



  apartment



  photogallery



  events in venice



  promotions



  contacts





  

book now




  





     




 



      


 


    3 star hotel 
in venice center




   feel the magic of the historical city center of venice, stroll along the rialto bridge, come admire saint mark's square, and stay at the hotel al piave.
our goal at hotel al piave 3 stars is to make of your stay in venice a most joyful and carefree experience.



   

  hospitality
like a family
    hotel al piave means "family".we started
our business in 1945 just after the end of the second world war, when
mario puppin decided to start a new life moving from the venetian countryside and settling in
venice, where he founded the
osteria "locanda al piave", an old inn where locals loved to eat and sleep...   

find out who we are →







 

   



  


   rialto
at two steps
 venice is marvelous, enjoy it: you will find hotel al piave 3 stars in the heart of venice's historical city center, in a quiet and secluded location by the campo di santa maria formosa and the famous sites of the mercato and the bridge of rialto.
  

enjoy the location →


     








    relaxation
guaranteed
    the rooms of our 3-star hotel in venice are designed to meet every need: they offer the ideal
space for a
family holiday, the peacefulness necessary for a
couple's stay, work or study, all this while losing yourselves in the charming everyday life of
venice.   

discover the rooms →





 



   

     





  hotel
gluten free
 the hotel al piave is the only hotel in venice certified by aic (italian celiac association). breakfast offers a vast menu of high quality, carefully selected
gluten-free products for celiacs, as well as for guests who are
lactose intolerant.
  

find out more →




   
 our commitment for your holiday
 
    

  italian celiac association
  

button




  

  free wifi
  

button




  

  accessible for the disabled
  

button




  

  transfer (for a fee)
  

button




  

  travellers' choice 2023
  

button





view more




  

    about us

  







       
  “small, quiet hotel in a central location. the rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable and the staff is helpful.”
malte l. - google reviews

  

mashit



 
  “very nice hotel located in a strategic position in the center of venice. in max 20 minutes on foot you are everywhere. we appreciated the excellent breakfast and the attention of the staff towards intolerances. honest prices, clean rooms and aligned to the price paid. well done, keep it up."
bruno p.- google reviews

  

fabufit



 
  “fantastic place to stay! the location is walking distance to everything and the family who own the hotel are super helpful and polite. i would go back!”
trevor p. - google reviews

  

fabufit



 
  “everything was perfect ! beautifully decorated room, charming and very romantic!”
emmanuelle d. - google reviews

  











   
 promotions
 



        

   booking directly is worth your while!


 11 july 2023

you can only find the best offers on the web by booking directly here, on our official website:                                                                                                                 more affordable prices and booking conditions                                                           all room types                                                           personalised offers and packages                                                           assistance to better organise your stay                                                                                                 did you find a lower price elsewhere?                                                      contact us now to receive a personalised offer:                                  info@hotelalpiave.com                                                                                     why book directly?                                                                                                                                 best price                                                           personalised offers                                                           highest level of assistance                                                           secure transactions                           ﻿
 




   

   last minute venice -10%


 11 july 2023

are you thinking about a holiday in venice?                                                                                     take advantage of the last minute discount for an extra -10% on any date!                                                                                                                         book your holiday in venice                                              up to 15 days in advance                                               : you get an                                              extra 10% discount                                               and the                                              best web price                                  !                                                                                                            the last minute discount is only available on this site, the only official site of the hotel al piave in venice.                                                                                                                         book without worries:                                              cancellation is free                                  .                                                                                                            last minute benefits                                                                                                                                       discount                                                  -10%                                                   also for stays of                                                  1 night                                                           book online                                                   and                                                  pay at the hotel                                                                         breakfast                                                  included                                                                         discount valid                                                  every day                                                   of the week                                                                        free cancellation                                                   up to 48h before arrival.                                                                                                                                                  to use the                                              last minute                                               discount you simply have to book on this site.
 














   

book now

   



   



  

★★★ hotel al piave


       


    ★★★ hotel al piaveruga giuffa 483830122 - venice, italyt:
+39.041.5285174f: +39.041.5238512info@hotelalpiave.com



    



 are you a nozio traveller?access the extra discounts reserved only for you >






    puppin p. & c. s.n.c. - ruga giuffa 4838 - 30122 venezia, italia - iscrizione al registro delle imprese di venezia rea ve-21097 - capitale sociale i.v. € 41.320,00 - p.iva 00236940276hotel al piave © 2000 - 
 
- hotel marketing by nozio 
| copyright/ip policy 
- cookie policy 
- cookie settings 
- privacy


 




       







    




















































































































  
  share by:







  


