



delight.com: online shopping marketplace for fabulous products and irresistible offers





 










 



 






 




 0

 














a marketplace dedicated to delighting you 

   menu



























 0







close



a marketplace dedicated to delighting you 





















 0





log in 




 delight offers delight offerslotus jewelry 30% to 50% off
 delight designers delight designerskiss my jewelsparkle by 7kadiorela preciada bysforza bysforzacircle of lifebambooprecious charmsengagment ringsfuga nella natura




info & supportwelcome to delightdelight guarantees & return policypayments, shipping and dutiesring sizebracelet sizechain lengthshow to care for your jewelryglossary (jewelry)accountsign inwish listcontact+66 98 942 9692contact delight.comaboutabout delight.comnext holidayonline securitylegalprivacy policyterms of use 











delight is a marketplace dedicated to delighting you with fabulous products and irresistible offers.

la preciada
kiss my jewel
adiore jewels
sparkle by 7k
lotus jewelry 30%-50% off
about bysforza
bamboo
circle of life
engagement rings
precious charms 




delight.com
©2025
all rights reserved
site map
ecommerce by mini netabout
about delight.com
next holiday
online security
legal
privacy policy
terms of use
cookies preferenceinfo & support
welcome to delight
delight guarantees & return policy 
payments, shipping and duties
ring size
bracelet size
chain lengths
how to care for your jewelry
glossary (jewelry)contact
+66 98 942 9692
contact delight.com




 
 
 
 










 
 



our mission
 
to delight our planet
with contributions to protecting and growing wild life.
 
to delight our clients
with amazing products and great offers.
 
to delight our...
read moreour missionto delight our planet
with contributions to protecting and growing wild life.
 
to delight our clients
with amazing products and great offers.
 
to delight our...
read moreaboutabout delight.com
next holiday
online securityinfowelcome to delight
delight guarantees & return policy 
payments, shipping and duties
ring size
bracelet size
chain lengths
how to care for your jewelry
glossary (jewelry)contact+66 98 942 9692
contact delight.com
 



 
 
 
 










 
 






privacy   
terms of use   
site map
cookies preference



delight.com  ©2025
all rights reserved
ecommerce by mini net 







 


























cookies consentabout cookiesprivacy policy 



delight.com uses cookies to create outstanding and personal shopping experience.because cookies affect your privacy, the law requires us to ask for your permission before creating cookies on your device.for more information, please visit about cookies, privacy policy.please select your cookies preferences on delight.com:to enjoy a fully functioning delight.com, smooth shopping experience and all advance services - please select:allow all cookiesclicking the essential cookies option will disable features that are critical for delight.com to function. your shopping experience will be limited, and you will miss out on most of our advance services.allow only essential cookiesclicking the no cookies option will disable the website altogether and you will not be able to browse our website or shop with us.continue with no cookiesremember, you can change your cookies consent at any time.what are cookies?cookies are small text files that are stored on your device’s browser directory or program data subfolders.why we use cookies?we use cookies for the purpose of functionality - to create an outstanding, personal, and secured shopping experience.about 3rd party cookies:for the main purpose of serving your orders and marketing to you, our website links to other sites such as payment gateways, shipping carriers, social networks, search engines.these 3rd party websites have their own set of cookies and privacy policies. we cannot be held accountable for their behavior and accepts no responsibility for these linked web sites.we need your consent please:because cookies affect your privacy, the law requires us to ask for your permission before creating cookies on your device.please note: all your information and data stays on our servers and is encrypted to protect your identity - we don’t share any of your personal information with any other sources, including 3rd party websitesplease set your cookies consentfor more information, please visit privacy policyprivacy policy for delight.com
introduction
this policy provides information about the procedures we follow in the collection, processing and handling of personal information and data, and the measures we take and in order to protect the security and rights of users of delight.com.
delight.com is committed to respecting our customer’s privacy by complying with international privacy standards, rules and regulations.
by visiting delight.com, you accept and consent to the practices described in this privacy policy and the terms of use.
why we collect personal data
we collect and use the personal data of customers and users of delight.com solely for our own purpose and only to the extent necessary to fulfill and process their orders and to process their requests, and with the purpose of improving their shopping experience and simplifying the order processing. 
we may collect, use, disclose and/or process their personal data for several reasons. these reasons include, but are not limited to:


process your application and/or transaction with us or third parties.


use and manage our services, website, and user account.


enforce terms, policies, and agreements.


protect your personal privacy and safety, and of others.


maintain and administer any software updates.


provide customer services.


contact you via voice call, text message and/or fax message, email and/or postal mail that may include incidental disclosure such as disclosure of your delivery information on delivery packages.


conduct research, analysis and development activities to improve our services or products and/or to enhance your experience.


conduct marketing relating to products and/or services that we may be selling, marketing or promoting, whether such products or services exist now or are created in the future.


respond to or comply with legal processes as required by any applicable law, governmental or regulatory requirements.


any other purpose which we notify you of at the time of obtaining your consent.


types of personal data we collect
the information we collect includes, but is not limited to:


name, postal address, email address, and mobile or other telephone numbers.


username and password.


payment data such as credit card number, expiration date, authorization number or code, delivery address, and billing address.


purchase and transaction information.


customer service inquiries, comments, and repair history.


photographs, comments and other content you provide.


personal or professional interests, date of birth, marital status, opinions and the like.


information provided about relatives, friends or other people our customers would like us to contact.


information obtained from third-party service providers.


how and when we collect personal data
personal data about our customers is collected when they engage with delight.com in any of several possible situations. these situations include, but are not limited to: 


in our stores


on our websites


using our apps


through other social media channels


at our events


through surveys


via text messages


on the telephone


sharing the personal data
we do not disclose or share the personal information we collect about our customers except as described herein. 
we may share personal information with service providers who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions, when needed to process the contractual relationship in the context of processing orders. we do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose the information we give them except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.
we may disclose personal information to service providers from several categories. these categories include, but are not limited to:


shipping service providers


payment service providers


merchandise management service providers


order processing service providers


web hosting providers


it service providers


drop shipping retailers


in all cases, we strictly adhere to the legal requirements. the amount of data shared is limited to a minimum.
accessing, modifying and deleting your personal data
if you would like to update, correct, modify or delete any personal data you have already submitted to us, please do so by accessing and updating your profile. 
if you delete some or all of your personal data, you may not be able to use our services in the future without re-submitting that information.
you also have the right to ask us for access to the information that you have given us and that we hold about you. if you wish to exercise this right, please contact us. we will comply with such requests as soon as reasonably practical, unless directed otherwise by legal authorities. 
coppa (children online privacy protection act)
we do not specifically market to children under 13 years old.
cookies 
our website uses cookies. cookies are small text files that are stored on a computer's browser directory or program data subfolders.
when you visit our website, cookies will be created.
we use cookies for the purpose of functionality and for making your shopping experience with us more user-friendly, effective and secure.
if you wish to prevent the storage of cookies and have control over the use of cookies and the data contained therein, you can apply appropriate technical settings in your internet browser. already saved cookies can be deleted at any time. 
please note that by disabling or deleting cookies, you may not be able to use all the features of this website in full.
the link below contains information about how to manage (and disable) cookies on major browsers:
https://www.aboutcookies.org/
newsletters and email advertising
you can unsubscribe from the newsletters or email advertising at any time using the corresponding links in the newsletters or emails, through your customer account or by notifying us. your email address will then be removed from the mailing lists.
links, plugins, third-party cookies and services
our website links to other sites for the purpose of marketing and providing services, such as paypal, google, facebook, other social networks or service providers.
however, we do not actively send these sites any personal data.
these sites have their own set of cookies and privacy policies. we cannot be held accountable for their behavior and accepts no responsibility for these linked web sites.
for more information about the collection and use of data by these third-party sites, your rights, and ways to protect your privacy, please refer to their respective privacy policies.
here are links to some of these third-party sites’ privacy policies:
paypal
google
facebook
​youtube
notice to european customers (european economic area and switzerland)
if you are a resident of the european economic area (eea) or switzerland, you have certain data protection rights. it is the goal of delight.com to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your personal data.
if you wish to be informed what personal data we hold about you, or if you want your personal data to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
in certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:


the right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.


the right of rectification. you have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.


the right to object. you have the right to object to our processing of your personal data.


the right of restriction. you have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.


the right to data portability. you have the right to be provided with a copy of your personal data in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.


the right to withdraw consent. you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where delight.com relied on your consent to process your personal information.


​please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
you have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. for more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the european economic area (eea).
security of personal data
we maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect your personal information against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.
retention of personal data
we will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
policy changes and questions
from time to time we may update our privacy policy.  please note that the use of the information we collect at any time remains subject to the updated privacy policy.
whenever changes are made, we will post the updated policy on this site. we encourage you to review our privacy policy occasionally.
by using our website subsequent to the posting of a change in the privacy policy, you consent to the updated policy. if you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please do not hesitate to contact us.
contact
if you wish to withdraw your consent to our use of your personal information, request access to and/or correction of your personal information; if you have any queries, comments or concerns, or require any help on technical or cookie-related matters, please feel free to contact us and our data protection officer at anytime.
last updated: january 14, 2019 







