


electronic medical records and more at medcom







 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 


        welcome 
        to medcom! we offer customized solutions for your electronic health records, 
        practice management, electronic prescribing, and meaningful use needs
        as well as an entire suite of integrated software products that 
        we can tailor to your needs and budget. 


 


 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 


medcom 
        provides a wide variety of products and services to the independent
        physician's clinic as well as hospital and private clinical laboratories. 
        let us design
        a complete package for you including software for medical records, lab 
        management,
        and medical billing.
an 
        emphasis is placed on customer support. a site survey to determine your
        hardware and software needs, expert phone support by our committed staff, 
        and 
        frequent updates to our software result in a very reliable data 
        system customized
        according to your needs. 
available 
        in package form or as stand-alone programs, some of medcom's best
        products are featured below. please take a look around and feel free to 
        contact us
        to find out exactly what we can do for you!



 

"this 
        complete ehr is 2011 edition compliant and has been certified by an onc-acb 
        in accordance
        with the applicable certification criteria adopted by the secretary of 
        health and human services. this
        certification does not represent an endorsement by the u.s. department 
        of health and human services 
        or guarantee the receipt of incentive payments." 
“welford 
        chart note is proud to be dragon® medical tested. what this means 
        is welford chart 
        notes has passed the dragon medical self-evaluation for ehrs by ensuring 
        compatibility* with dragon 
        medical, the world’s leading front-end speech recognition solution.”
 




 


 

welford 
        chart notes


 ................medcom 
      lab manager
 

edimis 
      practice manager
 




        a complete medical charting program that puts patient information at your 
        fingertips and includes a robust set of utilities to help you practice 
        medicine.

        among its many features is a natural language interpreter that translates 
        your notes and provides real time decision support. welford chart notes 
        interprets each sentence as you write it and automatically updates the 
        other sections of the chart for you ....

 


        for private clinics, office laboratories and small hospitals, our lis 
        program is built to interface with a large variety of clinical instruments 
        and integrates the patient orders, results, and instrument controls into 
        a single cohesive program. 
multiple user interfaces include keyboard, mouse, 
        and touch screen. each function has been designed for execution with the minimum number of steps and...


        hipaa approved nationwide for direct medical claims transmission for medical 
        billing, ambulance billing, and anesthesia billing, edimis features our 
        friendly and knowledgeable support staff to see that you get timely payment 
        for your hard work. designed by a team of doctors and programmers, the 
        software is the result of 15 years of hands-on experience in the medical 
        billing field. we think you'll be impressed with our user-friendly software...



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


  
    


        medcom is constantly adjusting to the needs of the various new health 
        care delivery
        systems being set up throughout the country. we can support any size facility 
        from
        sole provider packages to multi-specialty enterprise systems to smaller 
        community 
        

        hospitals. medcom has a variety of alliance partners that complement our 
        suite 
        of software products with embedded features that help make it user-friendly.




 



 


 



products 
            & alliances
additional 
            services 
contact 
            info 



dragon 
              naturally speaking
lab corp
quest
instant medical history
office of the national 
              coordinator 
brentwood 
              ecg
uptodate
infogard
 


services 
              overview
download welford trial version
welford newsletter 
welford 
              chart notes tour
welford how-to videos 


by 
              e-mail: click here
by telephone: 1.800.213.2161
              by fax: 1.847.885.1591 
 






 


 


 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






