









 
standard poodle breeder | boarding | grooming | udora on near toronto

































































1-705-228-1164


main menu
skip to content
home
about us
testimonials
contact us
puppies
boarding
title holders
links
blog








welcome







					your browser does not support html5 video.
				


cantope standard poodles
we are happy to introduce you to our family of standard poodles.if you are searching for a sound, intelligent, non-allergenic family companion,you are in the right place!

available puppies



to find out more contact us

at cantope, we emphasize healthy & happy!
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

we look forward to helping you pick your perfect poodle
here at cantope, we can help you pick your perfect poodle – whether you want a red, apricot, silver, brown or parti or multi-coloured, we can help you select the poodle just right for your family.  your poodle will be part of your family for a long time to come, so it’s important to have the right personality to meld with your family.
you are welcome to visit
we welcome visits from potential poodle parents. you are invited to come view our facilities, meet our dogs and see where your new best friend will get his or her start in life. we want you to be confident that you will bring home a happy, healthy puppy.

our puppies get the best start in life
we take pride in providing the best start in life for our puppies. for the puppies’ first few weeks, they spend their time solely with their mother and us keeping the mother relaxed and happy.  this ensures that she can provide them with the best nourishment.   cantope puppies are left with what mother nature gave them – intact dew claws and full tails.  please click on tales of tails to read about our reasons for this.
at 4-5 weeks of age we move them to a penned-in area in our living room so they can start socializing and interacting with people. they even get supervised outdoor time – fresh air is good for puppies as well as children. we also crate-train our puppies starting at 8 weeks of age.
when your puppy is ready to join your family, you can be confident that he or she  has had the absolute best start in life.
our commitment to our poodles and you
our commitment to the health and well being of our poodles doesn’t end when you take your new friend home. we are available by phone or email if you need help with growing pains or adjustments. your questions are always welcome so never feel shy about picking up the phone to call. no question is insignificant.  calls are answered during our business hours 8am to 8pm daily.
we want you to be confident that should your circumstances change and you can’t keep your poodle, we will help you re-home him or her.
we send each puppy a birthday card and include a comment card. we want to know about any health issues as well as any achievements.
but don’t take our word for it. please see the testimonials link above and read what other happy cantope poodle families have to say about their experiences with us and our dogs.

at cantope we emphasize happy and healthy – that’s our promise to you!happy poodling,diane and peter welsh
 










responsive web design by silver maple web
                    copyright © cantope standard poodles 2012-2025                










