












office of student financial aid





      skip to main content
    





office of student financial aid



toggle navigation









main navigation


my finaid account


types of aid


resources & policies


forms


financial aid process






















wear red  |  save green
the university of maryland aims for excellence in all things. we are committed to providing students from all backgrounds with pathways to accessible and affordable education by opening doors for talent and promise.
 






the university of maryland has launched a new investment in need-based financial aid, the terrapin commitment program, which will provide up to $20 million annually for students from the state of maryland.
the goal of the terrapin commitment program is to reduce the gap between a student’s total financial aid package and the cost of an education. the program began in january 2023 ensuring that tuition and fees are fully covered for pell eligible, in-state students who are enrolled full-time and have unmet financial need. learn more>> 






my finaid account
your finaid account is where you can check the status of any aid and/or offers, find disbursement information and learn more about entrance and exit counseling. 



popular faqs
check out these popular faqs to get answers to your financial aid and billing questions:
 


billing faqs
financial aid faqs
loan faqs



financial aid process
understanding the financial aid process is critical in setting realistic expectations. we are committed to providing you with helpful information and resources that can assist in making your investment in a umd education affordable.



types of aid
types of aid can be classified as either need-based, meaning you and your family are not able to cover educational expenses,  or non-need based, which generally refers to aid you receive based on merit or qualification. 



convenient resources
stay on track by taking advantage of these convenient resources:


verification process
important dates
helpful links
summer aid



apply for aid now
the 2025-26 free application for federal student aid (fafsa) is available. the university of maryland, college park school code is 002103. for an overview of the process, please watch this 2024-2025 fafsa walkthrough video.








in response to the coronavirus pandemic, the higher education emergency relief fund was created to provide universities with funds for emergency financial aid grants. learn more about the umd emergency financial aid grant, the umd student covid relief grant or the umd student covid relief grant ii.



















update:
as news about a pause in some federal assistance funding continues to evolve, it is important to know that the university of maryland is monitoring how it will impact members of our community.
we continue to learn and gather information about this recent memorandum from the office of management and budget, which specifically instructs federal agencies to temporarily pause or suspend federal grant, loan, and other financial assistance funding. initial statements from the u.s. department of education indicate that funds provided to individual students, such as pell grants and federal direct loans, are not impacted. in addition, gi benefits from the department of veterans affairs are also not affected. we are working to learn more about the impact on other forms of federal financial assistance. 
as we learn more about the memorandum, our staff in academic affairs, undergraduate admissions, and the office of student financial aid continue to closely monitor any impacts on our community. we will communicate with impacted individuals as soon as we can. ultimately, we want to remind you that umd remains committed to serving our students and providing world-class, accessible, and affordable higher education.
we appreciate your patience during this time. 






the 2025-26 fafsa is now live. please complete the application by umd's 2025-26 fafsa filing priority deadline,  march 1, 2025.  umd's school code is 002103. 
2025-26 students/families fafsa resources:

federal student aid estimator
"who's the parent on the fafsa form?" wizard
"creating your studentaid.gov account" page
pro tips for completing the fafsa form
federal student aid youtube channel: fafsa videos

resources available:

fafsa 2025-2026 walkthrough video









search our video library






affordable | low in-state tuition, providing a world-class education at a public institution pricetag.

value | ranked 10th for in-state and 16th for out-of-state students by  kiplinger's personal finance 100 best values in public colleges 2018.

access | we offer many financial aid programs including scholarships and grants to turn your dream into a degree. 






all undergraduate students

$17,032 - average amount of aid received
72% - freshmen that receive financial aid 
$82,860: median earnings 


















office of student financial aid

0115 mitchell building
7999 regents drive
college park, md 20742 usa
p: 301.314.8377
umdfinaid@umd.edu
©2022 all rights reserved




social networks menu


facebook


twitter


youtube










footer


consumer information & federal notices


contact us


office of graduate admissions


office of undergraduate admissions


web accessibility


privacy notice


site map













