







femalestars.com | nude celeb pics, nude movie stars













home page
actresses
movies
sex tapes
musicians
athletes
international
celeb cams





-->
  
  





members login:
 username: 





 password: 















members login here



 new!! live webcams - most popular in members area now  
 in addition to the best celeb scandals we added live cams
click to enjoy watching and chatting !!!! 







 

britney spears nude
 views: 38569


 




 

 mary louise parker - weeds
 views: 314852


 




 

jessica pare boobs
 views: 21568


 




 

jeniffer lopez selfies
 views: 12098


 




 

selena gomez scandal
 views: 28652


 




 

stormy daniels
 views: 31852


 





get access to the largest nude female celebrity collection on the net





celebs caught peeing public - see them all now !!!
celebrity radio host and reality tv star angela yee was caught pissing in public by the paparrazi. she thought she was safe when she pulled up her yellow skirt and urinated next to her car. it appears as though she was drinking and probably didn't realize anyone was watching. more

these days, everyone has an iphone and takes pictures all throughout the day. when celebs are involved in scandals, someone is probably there to catch it on film. these celebrities got caught peeing in public. more

not only do we have scandal pictures, but we also have movie scenes featuring famous actresses peeing. leslie mann got naked and did this peeing scene in the movie 'knocked up'. she looks incredible nude and this scene was surreal. more
can this be miley cyrus pulling her panties to the side and pissing in public? we're guessing that this picture was intended for a boyfriend and not the internet. celebs - be careful who you share your piss pics with.   more







 





kendall jenner sex video? omg! 
no one expected  this girl to be such a huge internet sensation, not even her. rumors started hitting the internet that there was a kendall jenner sex tape. we found the tape that everyone is questioning if it is her. we will let you decide. if kindall's topless photos didn't bring much attention, then this surely will. there will be a long time before she can take the size cock her sister kim kardashian did, but her experience this time was more then shocking, and this will be something for her to remember for a long time if this comes out to be her.
 click here to see it now!



 
 





ronda rousey nude
ronda rousey is constantly the center of attention in the ufc world today. not only is she the women's ufc champion but she's got a beautiful face and body to go with it. recently, she has been doing nude modeling shoots to show off how perfect her body is.  the ufc star is definitely going to stay in the center of the spotlight for a long time.
 click here to get to see more!



 
 





kristen bell nude
                    kristen bell is one of the sexiest actresses in movies right now and she shows off her body quite a bit.  apparently, some nude pictures found their way online and show the star totally exposed.  there's nothing better than seeing an a-list celebrity totally naked, especially when they are as hot as kristen bell.
                      click here to get to see more!






 





selena gomez scandal pics found 
                    selena gomez is now an accomplished actress, award winning singer and professional dancer.  she does it all!  supposedly, she was also into taking naked pictures of herself before her publicist put an end to it.  we came across some of these racy photos and we were totally shocked….and majorly turned on.
                      click here to get to see more!






 




miley cyrus sex tape 
                  we are huge fans of miley cyrus and always look forward to seeing her new sexy pictures.  she seems to be posting more and more half naked photos of herself to the net.  a recent sextape video was leaked and the girl totally resembles miley cyrus.we are still wating on confirmation of this video, but we are keeping are fingers crossed that it's her.
                    click here to get to see more!





 





amanda bynes naked photos scandal
we're constantly hearing about amanda bynes in the news and most of it isn't good.  she's had run-ins with the law on a few different occasions.  now, supposedly these are the naked pictures of her that found their way online.  it's hard to say if they are amanda bynes for sure, we'll let you be the judge.
 click here to get to see more!





 





salma hayek private nude pics
after twenty years of starring in movies, salma hayek is one of the biggest named celebrities in the world.  she's done a few sex scenes in her career, but never any fully nude scenes.  apparently, these leaked private photos of salma hayek made their way online this year.  come inside our members area and see the collection. click here to get to see more!





 





miranda cosgrove first time nude
miranda cosgrove just turned nineteen and she is really starting to let loose.  she has been showing a lot more skin since she turned 18 and now these nude pictures of her have surfaced the net.  we can't believe that she got topless and actually allowed someone to take the naked pics, he was a very lucky guy.  who knows, we might be able to see what happened after the pics were taken.  a miranda cosgrove sextape?
click here to get to see more!





 




emma watson caught pissing
we have been huge emma watson fans since she turned 18.  since then we've only had a couple opportunities to see her hot body.  apparently, the young hollywood actress had a little too much fun the other night.  these pics of her pissing in public made their way to the net and we are shocked!@. 
                    click here to get to see more!






 





margot robbie nude - the wolf of wall street
margot robbie had an amazing sex scene in the movie "the wolf of wall street' with leonardo dicaprio.  there's closeup views of her firm tits and tight ass.  before landing this role of a lifetime, she was involved in a topless scandal with will smith.  there were rumors that more happened between the two that night.


                    click here to get to see more!








 




shakira exposed!later this month shakira will be releasing her eighth studio album, so this is a perfect time for her alleged sextape to be leaked.   she's always been our favorite latina celebrity and this sex tape is one of the best we've ever seen.  she gives a really hot blowjob to her boyfriend right before he fucks her.  you won't believe all the dirty stuff she does on this homemade video. 
                  click here to get to see more!





 

 




anne hathaway shows pussy upskirt
christmas has come early since anne hathaway showed this pussy upskirt to the paparazzi.  she's one of the sexiest actresses around  and stunts like this are only helping her star power.  we've been covering her career for years, including the nude scenes that she's done and we are dying to show them to you.  if you like the anne hathaway pussy photos then you gotta see our members section. 
click here to get to see more!





 




kim kardashian's new sex tape?
the latest celebrity scandal to make its way to our site is supposedly the new kim kardashian sextape screenshots. they think, this is kanye west banging the shit out of kim k. the video shows him getting his big black cock sucked and then he fucks her in both holes.
 click here to get to see more!











nothing is like vampire sex


anna paquin, stephen moyer and alexander skarsgaard - bloody, naked and very close.the sight of the three sexy true blood stars, naked and bloody, isn't entirely new, as one or both of these things usually happens to many stars on the show. check out our exclusive photo clips from the first two fangtastic seasons. guaranteed to make your blood boil. 

















home page
actresses
movies
sex tapes
musicians
athletes
international
celeb cams












as 
        seen on international tv, radio, magazines







 







webmasters 
            who want to promote this site, click here!
            all models portrayed are eighteen (18) years of age or older.
            18 u.s.c. 2257 record keeping requirements compliance statement 
            please click 
              here to see that we are 2257 compliant . 
            our purpose is to provide you, our subscribers, with news, information, moive 
            reviews and photographs about the activities of public figures and well-known 
            celebrities. we reserve the right to make legitimate mention of the public activities 
            of such people. as stated in the restatement of torts, second, comment to section 
            652c, "no one has the right to object merely because his or her name or appearance 
            is brought before the public, since neither is in any way a private maner and 
            both are open to public observation.
members entrance | support 
              24/7 | privacy 
                policy | terms 
                  & conditions | contact 
                    us 












