








gaming labs international - global gaming testing & certification



















































































































×
search for:search button 


gli®


×



    


contact us 
careers

login

en

es




new to gli

why gli
submit new software
for slovenian customers only
a new machine
software modifications


gli standards

change management
gli-gsf
gli 11
gli 12-15
gli 16-20
gli 21-26
gli 27-33
management system certification policies & procedures


services

traditional gaming & casino/property
digital & igaming
pre-certification, quality and performance testing
jurisdictional consultation & regulatory advisory support
cybersecurity & professional services
forensic & expert witness
test automation
training, r&d, and education services
responsible gaming
inspections


gli certified mark
industry

lottery
operators
regulators
suppliers
tribal


tools

gliaccess®
gli link®


events
about us

locations
gli history
social responsibility
virtual lab tour
gli italy – whistleblowing
terms and conditions


resources/news

articles
blog
case studies
testimonials
news
webinars
white papers


 


    
















learn more














regulators
suppliers 
operators


ask gli







i look at gli as my left arm. i can’t function in my job without them, says cow creek gaming & regulatory commissioner ryan sadana. learn why in this new video, then contact us and let us show you all the ways gli makes your job easier and your jurisdiction ready for the future. watch video

—ryan sadana gaming inspector, cow creek gaming & regulatory commission



we represent 50 operators around the world. we purely focus on sports betting. gli have recently come on board as an auditor of the data companies that sign up for that, so it's something we’re excited about. i think the experience they’ve had, how many years they’ve been going, they've obviously evolved with the times from analyzing slot machines all the way through to mobile gaming, igaming, and so forth and i think that they’re a clear market leader in that area. watch video

—matt fowler head of global operations, international betting integrity association



for the expansion of gli and their growth over the years, i'd say the things they're offering with bulletproof and the technology services they provide through there are always going to help us in the future as technology grows and there becomes more mobile betting and more access for people to penetrate your systems. watch video

—kevin markey captain of the gaming division, oregon state police



i've always liked the aspect of the training environment because of the experts that gli brings on board. we had sports betting training about a year and a half ago, and that was awesome. watch video

—bill goforth executive director, nisqually tribal gaming agency



we chose gli for its rigorous standards. this certification will be an important milestone that reinforces our commitment to integrity and security.

—italo tavares ngx co-founder






ryan sadana - gaming inspector, cow creek gaming & regulatory commission



matt fowler - head of global operations, international betting integrity association



kevin markey - captain of the gaming division, oregon state police



bill goforth - executive director, nisqually tribal gaming agency



italo tavares, ngx co-founder





view all




gaming laboratories international - leading testing & certification services


services
revolutionizing global gaming certification


 gaming laboratories international (gli®) provides the gaming industry’s leading testing and certification services. and we are so much more than just testing, with an unsurpassed range of services and tools for regulators, suppliers and operators.





testing
one of our most popular requests is for pre-compliance testing services. these services involve working collaboratively.



certification
gli provides independent testing and inspection of electronic gaming products.



forensics
precise forensics protect the operator, regulator, and the player.



responsible gaming
rg initiatives are essential to maintaining public trust and is the cornerstone to the continued success of the gaming industry.



gli university
helping regulators keep as up-to-date as possible in new technologies.



igaming
pioneers in interactive gaming testing and consultancy.



professional services
your global resource for complete and thorough business solutions.



field inspection
identify threats and reduce risk before it's too late.



consulting
services for existing and emerging jurisdictions worldwide.



research & development
helping you identify opportunities for growth and enhanced quality.






events
meet us live in person





february 25, 2025 - february 27, 2025
sbc summit rio 2025





march 19, 2025 - march 20, 2025
sagse latam





march 31, 2025 - april 3, 2025
indian gaming association tradeshow





april 7, 2025 - april 10, 2025
sigma americas summit 2025 (bis sigma)





april 16, 2025 - april 17, 2025
regulators roundtable 2025




view all






 


 

rrt25 - registration is openrrt25 - registration is open
second slideg2e 2024 president and ceo james maida, gaming laboratories international gli
ice barelona 2025 featuring richard howarthice barelona 2025 featuring richard howarth
hallo compliance virtual meetup #3: south america and its whirlwind regulationshallo compliance virtual meetup #3: south america and its whirlwind regulations
ice barcelona 2025 featuring richard howarthice barcelona 2025 featuring richard howarth
staying on top of the industry with kelly myers, director of government affairs, glistaying on top of the industry with kelly myers, director of government affairs, gli
australiagli australia’s ceo ian hughes says aml, ai, cybersecurity and compliance driving increased testing
rrt24gli expressing thanks to igsa
inside asian gaminginside asian gaming (iag) interview with gli’s cco ian hughes at ice london 2024
first slideilluminating your path to greatness




 




×

    


thank you!
your details have been received! please click here to access your offer. we will also send a copy of offer to your inbox.





let's create game-changing experiences together.contact us




contact uscareerslogin 




gli standards




services
what we dotraditional gaming & casino/property
jurisdictional consultation & regulatory advisory support
forensic & expert witness
pre-certification, quality and performance testing
training, r&d, and education services
responsible gaming
inspections
test automation
cybersecurity & professional services
digital & igaming
terms & conditions
              for services




industrylottery industry it security & consulting services
operators
regulators
suppliers
tribal




toolsgliaccess®
gli link®




getting started 



about us

locations


gli history


social responsibility


virtual lab tour


gli italy – whistleblowing


terms and conditions







© copyright 2025 gaming laboratories international llc. all rights reserved. 
			- privacy policy - candidate privacy notice - terms and
            conditions
          - sitemap

cookies policy







we value your privacy! for details on the personal data we collect, how we use it and your rights, please read our candidate privacy notice.

        if you agree to provide consent for use of your personal data, please click 'accept' below.

        if you click 'decline', we wish you all the best in your career search!

accept
decline



















			close		


font resize

a-
a+reset font size



keyboard navigation



readable font



underline links



highlight links



clear cookies



images greyscale



invert colors



		close
	




accessibility by wah





























