










home - pleasant hill chamber of commerce

























































  
















skip to content















					login				








					email				








					925. 687.0700				














facebook icon





linkedin icon





instagram icon





youtube icon






































menu 
about us about us staff board of directors ambassadors 680 business group gac women’s business networking group young professional group code of ethicsmembership join the chamber member opportunities chamber membership business exposure & referrals sponsorships & marketing member information center latest news login to member information center member to member deals job postings request for proposal (rfp) learning center how to update your listing how to pay your invoices/dues how to post jobs opportunities how to create & manage eventsour community city of pleasant hill pleasant hill recreation & park district resources for your business real estate & relocation lodging shopping dining arts & culture area mapevents chamber calendar art, wine & music pleasant hill chamber golf tournament member events (submit)directorylogin now








 













welcome to the pleasant hill chamber of commerce






representing the local business community for 70 years.

















our professional groups are coming back in january, click on each one to find out more!












government affairs committee
 










women's business networking group










young professionals network


















680 business club









 





















find 
member directory
 
 
 
read more

 








join 
become a member
 
 
read more

 








network 
find an event
 
read more

 












the pleasant hill chamber is here to help our member businesses connect, succeed, and grow!








































welcome 
about us
 
pleasant hill, california, is located at the center of the 680 corridor, connecting businesses from san jose, san francisco and sacramento. our site provides valuable information for our members, potential members, residents and those visiting and relocating to the area. whether you’re looking for a local realtor, bank, restaurant or computer repair service, our members are here to serve you.
we invite you to explore our website and see for yourself why pleasant hill is one of the best places to work, live, shop, dine & play in the bay area!
 
 
read more

 


























why join 
message from the executive director
the pleasant hill chamber of commerce is the catalyst for change in our business community.  we help our members grow their businesses by convening networking opportunities, educational seminars and meetings with our elected officials.  when our government considers making changes that would impact our business community, we are the champion for our members communicating their voice throughout the decision-making process.  our staff and board of directors are laser focused on continuing to make our local and surrounding communities attractive to start and grow a business, raise a family and visit.  we hope you will join us in our mission and invest in our organization as a member!
 
 
learn more

 








upcoming events 


 
read more

 












thank you sponsors
















                                chevron                            














                                downtown pleasant hill                            














                                pacific gas & electric                            














                                republic services                            














                                visit pleasant hill                            














                                c&o travel group                            














                                national university                            






next
previous









 












© 2025 pleasant hill chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone


























resources









facebook icon





linkedin icon





instagram icon





youtube icon











directory




member directory 










login




member login 










get in touch






pleasant hill chamber of commerce









map




2255 contra costa blvd. ste 307pleasant hill, ca 94523 










phone




(925) 687-0700 










email




email us 


















 © 2025 pleasant hill chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved. site by growthzone 








 
















