





nils lofgren - world-renowned singer, songwriter, muti-instrumentalist. member e street band and crazy horse.













































home

about


history
music
photos



store


merch
music


press
contact


contact
links


rockality
custom strat


































view digital booklet

nils lofgren 
spares
for download and streaming
along the way of the past 55 years, songs holding a wide range of emotional pieces of me wound up getting left behind. basement demos never recorded, not quite right for the project, various reasons. 
now these songs, "spares," cover decades of writing and circumstance, in various periods of my musical and personal life are here, together to share.-nils




available on these digital platforms










nils lofgren 
mountains
out nowfor download and streaming
all-star cast including ringo starr, neil
young, cindy mizelle, the howard gospel choir, ron carter and
								david crosby
full-length cd and vinyl
available in the 
							online store
with lyrics download link
						new video release
"ain't the truth enough"




available on these digital platforms
spotify, itunes/apple, amazon, tidal, pandora, qobuz. youtube, deezer
* * click here to shop for mountains digital  * *






"ain't the truth enough" video from mountains












 
















nils lofgren's rockality ®
watch nils lofgren's amazing life stories


free rockality download: almost jimi
(1.4g mp4 video, allow 5 minutes to download)








nils lofgren bonus tracks
we’re excited to share these 39 bonus tracks of rare recordings and special demos that originally appeared on the 10 disc face the music box set which has been out of print for awhile. we’re sharing them digitally now. featuring unreleased grin tracks and favorites of nils including
   grin’s version of keith don’t go with an inspired performance by neil young on piano and vocals. also one of the greatest voices ever, lou gramm duets on some must dream and i’ll arise. 


• click here for track list and credits •
available on these digital platforms
itunes/apple, amazon, tidal, pandora, qobuz. youtube, deezer
* * click here to shop for bonus tracks  * *





nils lofgren "weathered"

live double disc recording of rare full band shows from nils lofgren on his most recent u.s. tour. for the first time in over 15 years, with a full rock band of dear friends, nils lofgren hit the road with a new album, blue with lou, featuring songs co-written with lou reed. every town, club, staff and audience played a part in these live recordings, inspiring the band every night. audience and band alike sharing their souls, gifts, spirit and energy make for a fresh, new live sound for nils.
			features nils lofgren on vocals, guitars and keyboards, tom lofgren on vocals, guitars, keyboards and percussion, kevin mccormick on bass guitar and vocals, cindy mizelle on vocals and percussion, and andy newmark on drums and groove.
			includes reworked classics from nils' vast catalogue, new live recordings from his most recent studio album, and a few choice cover renditions, including nils' brothers mike and mark addition on "mind your own business" and a tasty jam intro to "papa was a rolling stone", leading into his classic, "i came to dance".

• buy cd now •
bonus live "attitude city" mp3 emailed with website purchase
available on these digital platforms
spotify, itunes/apple, amazon, tidal, pandora, qobuz. youtube, deezer
* * click here to shop for weathered digital  * *







nils lofgren "blue with lou"
nils' first studio release in eight years features five previously unheard songs co-written by lou reed.
			 produced by nils and amy and recorded live at his home studio in arizona with longtime collaborators andy newmark (drums) and kevin mccormick (bass), featuring cindy mizelle vocals. saxophonist branford marsalis is featured on a new recording of the lofgren-reed composition “city lights.”
• buy now •





"pretty soon" video from blue with lou



check it out and share!








nils blind date jam!
®
digital video downloads

				
				no rehearsals. no homework. no advance discussions. this is where musicians come to jam. i throw out an idea, then we go for it and see where things lead. it's reckless, raw, unique and in the moment. this is where we can trust our musical instincts and enjoy the freedom of the unknown. it's where musicians come to play.
more


























rocklete(tm)
check out some of nils amazing 'rockletics' over the years.
(more)







rockality®
nils shares some of his engaging tales from the road.
(more)












about nils

versatile songwriter, singer and guitarist, nils has been working professionally since age 17. he has toured with neil young, ringo starr and is currently a member of bruce springsteen's e street band. after fronting the 70's group grin, nils embarked on a solo career and has been a sought after session player.
read more


updates
"acoustic live" audiophile vinyl and cd is available in hi res digital download formats, dsd and flac from acoustic sounds online.
						nils was profiled on aarp's "my generation" show. watch it online.
               grin's "gone crazy" and nils' "cry tough" available on the hip-o-select label. grin's "all out" is on american beat records. available at amazon.com.


contact

                    management consultant
full circle entertainment inc.
                    tom goldfogle
tom@fullcircleentertainment.net
                    301-879-9811 office
                    301-879-9190 fax
for all other inquiries:
info@nilslofgren.com


sign up

for the nils lofgren lists

































