





















home - mohonasen central school district



























































 












calendarcontact usdirectionsnewsschool meal menus








search











homeabout usacademicsathleticsboard of educationdistrict services










bradt primarypinewood intermediatedraper msmohonasen hscenter for advanced technology














employment opportunities










district news
news archive







february 13, 2025
2025 valentines for veterans
bradt students once again participated in the “valentines for vets” program, creating personal valentine’s day cards to express gratitude to military veterans. the program has been a tradition in the community, with various schools contributing handmade cards that are then delivered to local veterans. in addition to making cards, students had the opportunity to speak […] 









february 11, 2025
drone soccer team going to district ii championships






february 10, 2025
2025 art in three dimensions






february 3, 2025
kindergarten registration dates/ pre-k read aloud










calendar
full calendar





february 17


no school, presidents’ day 


february 18


no school 


february 19


no school 


february 20


no school 


february 21


no school 








featured video




mohoncares
the mohonasen central school district has been strengthening programs to help serve students both inside and outside the classroom. across the district, students in k-12 are provided food, clothing and toiletries.





portrait of a mohonasen graduate





growth oriented and knowledgeable



intellectually curious and creative



financially literate







team player / responsible citizen



effective communicator



dynamic problem solving / critical thinking skills










connect
classlinkfacebookinstagramparentsquareschooltoolx 






2072 curry roadschenectady, ny 12303phone: 518-356-8200
superintendent of schools:shannon shine



featured links


employment
driver education
familyid
mohonasen foundation for excellence
naviance
school meal menus
school apparel store
staff resources
technology support







combining area resourcesto empower students
more information >>

donate








this website is maintained by the mohonasen communications office. it is the goal of the mohonasen central school district that this website is accessible to all users. view our accessibility statement. the district is not responsible for facts or opinions contained on any linked site. some links and features on this site require the adobe acrobat reader to view. visit the adobe website to download the free acrobat reader. this website was produced by capital region boces engagement & development services, albany, ny.
copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.














