



editorial style guide | division of strategic communications




























 




skip to content




mybama







          division of strategic communications        




expand title bar menu



close title bar menu





          search this site
        



submit




about us
departments



expand departments menu



close departments menu

 brand strategy
ceremonies & events
communications
design & production
marketing
photography
social media
video & creative media
web strategy


staff
branding resources
ua news center
 





editorial style guide

introduction

the division of strategic communications uses the associated press stylebook as a guide for all copy the office produces, which includes journalistic and marketing pieces. for cases unique to the university of alabama and other exceptions to ap style, as well as matters not addressed by ap, use the ua editorial style guide that follows.
visit the graphics standards for the university’s graphic standards.
alphabetical listing of topics



a
b
c
d
e
f
g
i
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
w



appendices



a
b
c
d



a

academic degrees
avoid abbreviations. when lack of space makes abbreviations necessary, do not use periods. (e.g., ba, ms, mba)
formal names of degrees are capitalized, per ap style; informal names are not. do not capitalize specializations or majors within degrees.

master of science but master’s degree
bachelor of arts but bachelor’s degree
doctor of nursing in geriatrics

use apostrophes when writing bachelor’s and master’s degrees but do not use ’s with of constructions.
for the style rule on the use of dr., doctorate and doctoral, see the entry under section d of this style guide.
for a list of ua degrees, please review appendix c below.
academic divisions, ua
see divisions.
academic honors
do not italicize cum laude, magna cum laude, summa cum laude or with distinction.
act card
use act card but action card office.
addresses, campus
for all campus publications, give addresses for university of alabama departments and offices as follows:
the university of alabamaoffice or department nameoffice or department locationbox 870___ (campus box number, which is not a p.o. box number)tuscaloosa, al 35487-0___ (campus box number)205-348-____ or toll-free 800–___-____fax 205-348-____email addresswebsite address
the room number, building name, phone number, fax number and email address may be omitted as appropriate.include hall or building, as appropriate, for office or department locations (e.g., rose administration building) and place room numbers first, omitting the word “room” (e.g., 801 rose administration building).
do not use the 1- before telephone or fax numbers.
adviser/advisor
use adviser in news releases, except when advisor is part of an official name. for all other uses, advisor is acceptable. this is an exception to the ap stylebook.
alabama/state of alabama
acceptable as a second reference or short form of the university of alabama. take care to write so that the word cannot be confused with the state of alabama.
alabama experience, the
when writing about the alabama experience, lowercase the and experience. do not use quotation marks.
alabamian, not alabaman

back to top

b

bama
the abbreviation bama for the university of alabama is too informal for some university publications, so use it with caution.
bama bound orientation: the official name of orientation for undergraduates at the university. acceptable second reference: bama bound.
board of trustees 
the full name of the university’s governing board is capitalized as follows:the university of alabama system board of trustees
short forms of the name are not capitalized:

the board of trustees met monday.
the university’s board of trustees will meet monday.

buildings, names of
do not use a space between each letter-period pair in building names, such as b.b. comer hall.
use hall or building on first reference and in addresses, particularly in publications intended for an off-campus audience.
see appendix: campus building names for a list of official campus building names.

back to top

c

capstone, the
the capstone is a nickname for the university of alabama coined by former ua president g.h. denny when he referred to the university as the “capstone of the public school system of the state” in 1912. be aware that prospective students may not understand this meaning, although other audiences, such as alumni, may.
certificates and forms
the following guidelines apply to the titles of academic and professional certificates (as in class aa professional certificate); visas; government forms; specialized forms, such as financial aid forms; and other documents referred to by name.terms that are generally descriptive — such as application for admission, declaration of intent, or application for admission to candidacy — should not be capitalized.
capitalize the first word and all nouns, pronouns, adjectives, verbs and adverbs in the title of the form:

class aa certificate, but class aa certification
class a professional certificate
the “a” certification in school psychometry
form i-20ab certificate of eligibility
iap-66 certificate of eligibility
free application for federal student aid (fafsa)

when a number is part of a form’s title, use the numeral and omit any punctuation:

incorrect: form 1,040ez
correct: form 1040ez
incorrect: form two-a
correct: form 2a

classification, student
do not capitalize freshman, sophomore, junior, senior, graduate, postgraduate, postdoctoral, non-degree or any similar designation unless it is part of a title, a headline or the official name of an organization.
use freshman when writing of one first-year student, freshmen when writing of more than one. use freshman as a modifier.
colleges and schools, ua
see divisions.
cooperative education program, co-op 
co-op or co-op program is an acceptable second reference, but lowercase co-op when used as an adjective: the co-op experience
core curriculum, university of alabama
capitalize university of alabama core curriculum, university core curriculum and ua core curriculum, but lowercase curriculum in other uses:

core curriculum (even when referring to the ua core curriculum)
undergraduate curriculum
graduate curriculum
business curriculum

course level

a 300-level course
a senior-level course
a course at the 400 level
a course at the freshman level

course load
two words. generally refers to the number of course hours recommended or allowable each semester.
course numbers and titles
when a course number and title are given together, give the alpha symbol and number followed directly by the title. there is no intervening punctuation, and do not abbreviate words in the title.

art 110 drawing i
ee 350 electromechanics
en 398 modernism i: the cultural context

when a course title is given without the course number, you may uppercase the course title as long as it is the complete title.do not use alpha symbols when speaking generally of a department or program’s courses or of an academic discipline.

incorrect: students may count up to 18 hours in soc, fr or psc toward the major.
correct: students may count up to 18 hours in sociology, french or political science toward the major.

when listing courses by number, repeat the alpha symbol with each number.

incorrect: the required courses include en 101, 205, and 209 or 210.
correct: the required courses include en 101, en 205, and en 209 or en 210.

use a colon to indicate lecture-and-laboratory combinations. the alpha symbol is not repeated: ay 101:102courses offered for both graduate and undergraduate credit — and thus having two numbers — may be listed as follows: en 480/580. do not repeat alpha symbol.
any two distinct courses, no matter how closely linked, should be indicated by the word “and” instead of a colon.example: en 101 and en 102
coursework
one word. generally refers to the courses taken for degree credit.
credit hours
see numbers.
crimson ride
crimson tide 
originally used to describe or name the university of alabama’s football team, crimson tide is now often used to refer to other ncaa teams at the university of alabama. avoid overuse, particularly in non-sports contexts.
cum laude
see academic honors.
currency
never combine the symbol $ and the word dollars in the same context. the symbol replaces the word. using both is redundant.
correct: $10,000incorrect: $10,000 dollars

back to top

d

divisions
colleges and schools:

capstone college of nursing
college of arts and sciences, a&s
college of communication and information sciences, c&is
college of community health sciences
college of education
college of engineering
college of human environmental sciences
culverhouse college of business
honors college
new college (part of the college of arts and sciences)
school of library and information studies, slis, (part of the college of communication and information sciences)
school of music (part of the college of arts and sciences)
school of social work
the university of alabama school of law

administrative divisions:

division of advancement
division of community affairs
division of finance and operations
division of opportunities, connections and success
division of strategic communications
division of student life
office for academic affairs
office for research and economic development

degree programs
see programs, academic.
degrees, academic
see academic degrees.
denny chimes
the campanile on the quadrangle was constructed in 1929 and named after ua president george h. denny. when writing about the tower that contains the chimes, use singular verbs and do not use an article such as the if possible:

denny chimes stands on the main quad.
a campus landmark, denny chimes was completed in 1929.

when writing about the chimes themselves, use the plural verb form and the when the structure of the sentence permits:every day, the denny chimes sound out the time.try to avoid sentences that mix the two references, such as the following:

tricky: in the background stands denny chimes, which have been ringing the hours since 1929.
better: in the background stands denny chimes; its bells have been ringing the hours since 1929.

departments
departments should be lowercased (as per ap style).
disability accommodations and statements
see equal-opportunity statements.
disciplines
do not capitalize the names of academic disciplines or major or minor areas of study except those derived from proper nouns: english, but math.
dr., doctorate and doctoral
ua style uses “dr.” on first reference before the name of an individual who holds an earned doctorate (other than juris doctor). this is an exception to the ap stylebook.
people who hold the jd, or juris doctor, are not called “dr.” those who hold the terminal degree in that field — the doctor of juridical science or jsd — are. do not use “dr.” before the name of a person who has received an honorary doctorate. dr. autherine lucy foster is the exception to this rule.
doctoral is an adjective; doctorate is a noun. a doctorate or a doctoral degree, not a doctorate degree.
when listing ua faculty members in a table, cite only the highest degree attained, plus any relevant professional designation.

jane smith, phd, rn
mary jones, macc, cpa

avoid the use of phd in body copy as a synonym for doctorate. in tables, phd should be written without periods.

back to top

e

emerita refers to a woman, emeritus to a man, emeriti to a mixed group or to a group of either sex. place emerita, emeritus or emeriti after the formal title:

professor emeritus of english john smith but john smith, professor emeritus of english

professor emeritus is a title awarded by the ua system board of trustees. retired faculty members who have not had this title awarded to them should be referred to as former or retired faculty, not emeriti.
equal-opportunity statements
the university has a responsibility to clearly communicate its commitment to equal opportunity in education and employment and to making its programs and services accessible to those with disabilities. for the most current disability statements and other information, go to the website of ua’s equal opportunity programs.
ethnic background categories
for the optional ethnicity portion of applications to university programs, use the following categories:

american indian/alaskan native
asian
black/non-hispanic
hispanic
native hawaiian/pacific islander
white/non-hispanic
other______________


back to top

f

federal work-study program
ferguson theater
the ferguson theater is the proper name of the theater within the university of alabama student center.

back to top

g

game day
unless part of a formal name, game day should be two words, per ap style.
correct: the campus is always full of energy on game day.incorrect: the campus is always full of energy on gameday.

back to top

i

in-state, out-of-state
acceptable, but consider whether alabama resident and nonresident would be more precise.
interim program, interim term
interim is an acceptable short form for interim program or interim term, the academic term between spring and summer semesters.

back to top

m

magna cum laude
see academic honors.
major, minor
avoid overusing major in place of student majoring in.
midterm 
mound, the
historic, elevated area on the quad created on the site of franklin hall, one of ua’s original dormitories.
mybama

back to top

n

numbers
for credit hours, use figures no matter how small the number:

3-credit-hour course
15 hours’ credit
use figures for sat, act and similar test scores. use arabic figures in constructions such as sat-1. do not add commas to sat or other scores that reach into the thousands.

use figures for grade point averages. always include the decimal point and carry to at least one decimal place: 2.0. if several averages are cited in a table, carry all of them to the same place: 3.01, 2.18, 4.00, 1.80. the abbreviation gpa may follow the numbers if they are not described in the rest of the sentence: sam earned a 3.98 gpa. mary’s gpa was 3.89. his high school gpa was 3.1.
use figures in tables and charts. in tables and charts that include a total at the bottom, align the decimal points in each column. in other tables and charts, decimal alignment is preferred, but it is acceptable to align all figures along the right margin, particularly if the numbers used are a mixture of percentages, straight figures or fractions.

back to top

o

off campus, off-campus, on campus, on-campus
standard hyphenation rules apply.
office
capitalize office only when it is part of an official name.
orientation
do not capitalize when used in a general sense or on second reference. capitalize only when part of the name of an event or program. the official name of orientation for undergraduates at the university is bama bound orientation.

back to top

p

presidential village
when talking about the whole area, refer to it as presidential village. when referring to a specific residence hall, refer to them by name as either presidential i or presidential ii.
programs, academic
in general, do not capitalize the names of academic programs. capitalize names of programs in headings, subheadings, titles of works and tables of contents, as needed.
avoid using program in place of major or department. program often implies a separate administration or faculty.
when describing a student’s activities, it may be best to use department, major or degree program rather than simply program.

mfa program in creative writing
the doctoral program in applied statistics
university honors program
the doctoral program in mathematics
multiple abilities program
women’s studies program


back to top

q

quad, the quadrangle
in either its short or long form, this term refers to the central open green space where denny chimes is located.  the phrase “old quad” refers to woods quad.

back to top

r

résumé
use this spelling (with accents) to mean a curriculum vitae and to distinguish it from resume (to begin again after an interruption).
room numbers and names
usually, it is acceptable to drop the word room from addresses, as long as you do so consistently throughout the publication:our office is in 122 rose administration building.capitalize room and similar words when part of a proper or well-known name:

the president’s lounge
the birmingham room

if a room number includes a letter, put one hyphen between the letter and number. in those rare instances where there are two or more letters in a room number, use a hyphen only between the first letter or group of letters and the adjacent number.

c-212 clark hall
210-a reese phifer hall
b-129g h.m. comer hall


back to top

s

semesters
do not capitalize the common names of semesters, terms, academic sessions or periods (e.g., fall semester, registration, orientation, schedule pickup). if a semester or term is followed by a specific year, use capitalization (e.g., fall semester 2003). the special interim term should be capitalized.
strip, the
anentertainment district which includes restaurants, bars and specialty shops on university boulevard that stretches from roughly wallace wade avenue to reed street.
summa cum laude
see academic honors.
supe store
use as a second reference or informal reference for the university supply store, particularly when writing for on-campus audiences.

back to top

t

tapping on the mound
ua’s annual ceremony in which members of several honor societies are inducted as the culmination of honors week in april.
titles of works
italicize magazine and journal names, which is an exception to the ap stylebook.

back to top

u

uact
university core curriculum
see core curriculum, university of alabama.
university honors program, uhp
uhp is acceptable in all contexts as a second reference for university honors program.
university of alabama, the
always capitalize our proper name as follows: the university of alabama.

the university of alabama
the university of alabama at birmingham
the university of alabama in huntsville
the university of alabama system

capitalize university when it takes the place of our full name.ua is an acceptable short form or second reference for the university of alabama, noun and adjective forms. never use u of a.
urec
university recreation. urec is acceptable on second reference. rec is acceptable on second reference for outdoor rec, student recreation center, recreation fields, etc.

back to top

w

where legends are made

capitalize are
do not enclose in quotation marks (ap style exception)

work-study student

back to top

appendix a: campus buildings

updated: june 2024
following is a list of many ua and ua-related buildings, facilities and landmarks. for more information, visit the campus map.
parking decks and garages

capstone parking deck
magnolia parking deck
north ten hoor parking deck
presidential village ii parking garage
ridgecrest under deck
riverside parking deck
stadium drive parking deck
student center parking deck
transportation hub deck
tutwiler parking deck

landmarks and outdoor locations

1893 park
autherine lucy clock tower
cemetery
crimson promenade
denny chimes
malone-hood plaza
manderson landing, the park at
marr’s spring park
mound, the
moundville archaeological park
peter bryce preserve
quad, the
round house
shelby engineering and science quad
student center lawn
tuska plaza
ua arboretum
walk of champions
walk of fame
woods quad sculpture garden

athletics facilities

aquatic center
boathouse at manderson landing
coleman coliseum
foster auditorium
hank crisp indoor facility
harry pritchett running park
jerry pate golf center
john and ann rhoads softball stadium
mal m. moore athletic facility
ol’ colony golf course
parker-haun tennis facility
roberta alison baumgardner tennis facility
saban field at bryant-denny stadium
sam bailey track and field stadium
sewell-thomas stadium
stran-hardin arena
the university of alabama soccer stadium
strength and conditioning facility
the university of alabama tennis stadium

residence halls and dining facilities

blount hall (home to blount undergraduate initiative living-learning community)
bryant hall
burke hall, east and west
fresh food company, the
john h. england jr. hall
julia tutwiler hall
lakeside dining hall
lakeside east and west
parham hall
paty hall
ridgecrest east, south and west
riverside east, north and west

other buildings a-z
a-b

adams hall
aime building
alston hall
alumni hall
ancillary services building
autherine lucy hall
b.b. comer hall
barnwell hall
bevill building
bidgood hall
bruno business library
bryant academic center
bryant conference center
bryant hall annex
bryant museum
bryant-jordan hall
bryce main
bureau of mines buildings 1, 3, 4, 5

c-d

capital hall
capstone college of nursing
capstone village
carmichael hall
catherine and pettus randall welcome center, second reference: randall welcome center
clark hall
cyber hall
doster hall

e-f

east annex
east campus storm shelter
employee resource center
english building
facilities administration building
farrah hall

g-h

gallalee hall
garland hall (houses the sarah moody gallery of art)
geological survey of alabama / oil and gas board core repository facility
gordon palmer hall
gorgas house
gorgas library
greek assembly hall
h.m. comer hall
hardaway hall
hardaway hall annex
hewson hall
hillel student activity center
honors hall
honors hall annex
houser hall
human resources administration building
hydrologic instrumentation facility

i-l

intramural complex
judy bonner child development center
little hall
lloyd hall

m-n

mary harmon bryant hall (houses the w.s. hoole special collections library)
math and science education building
maxwell hall
mclure library
mcmillan building
moody music building
national water center
north engineering research center (nerc)
north lawn hall
northeast medical building

o-p

oliver-barnard hall
presidents hall
president’s mansion
printing and mail services facility

r

reese phifer hall
rodgers library
rose administration building
rowand-johnson hall
russell hall

s-t

science and engineering complex (sec)
school of medicine*
shelby hall
sid mcdonald hall
smart communities and innovation building (scib)
smith family center for the performing arts
smith hall (houses the alabama museum of natural history)
south engineering research center (serc)
south lawn office building
stallings center
student health center and pharmacy (shc)*
student recreation center
student services center
ten hoor hall
the bryce house
the corner store
the school of law
the university of alabama student center:  acceptable second reference – ua student center may be used when spacing is limited or on any reference as long as university of alabama has been spelled out before it.
tom barnes hall
tuomey hall

u-z

university club, the
university hall
university medical center (umc)*
university services campus community safe room
university police center
jones hall (oil and gas)
wade hall
witt activity center
woods hall (houses the sella-granata art gallery)

*housed within the same building but treated as separate

back to top

appendix b: recommended reading list

ua editorial style guide – for exceptions to the associated press stylebook and entries unique to the university of alabama
the associated press stylebook, latest edition — for everything else besides the ua style guide.  (available online by subscription and through ua libraries)
chicago manual of style, latest edition
merriam-webster, latest edition
national geographic atlas of the world, latest edition
the elements of style, latest edition

back to top

appendix c: degree description

source: ua registrarupdated may 2023

bachelor of arts
bachelor of arts in communication & information sciences
bachelor of fine arts
bachelor of music
bachelor of science
bachelor of science in aerospace engineering
bachelor of science in architectural engineering
bachelor of science in chemical engineering
bachelor of science in chemistry
bachelor of science in civil engineering
bachelor of science in computer engineering
bachelor of science in computer science
bachelor of science in construction engineering
bachelor of science in education
bachelor of science in electrical engineering
bachelor of science in environmental engineering
bachelor of science in geology
bachelor of science in human environmental sciences
bachelor of science in mechanical engineering
bachelor of science in metallurgical engineering
bachelor of science in musical audio engineering
bachelor of science in nursing
bachelor of social work
doctor of education
doctor of musical arts
doctor of nursing practice
doctor of philosophy
doctor of social work
educational specialist
juris doctor
juris masters
master of accountancy
master of arts
master of business administration
master of fine arts
master of laws
master of library & information studies
master of music
master of public administration
master of public health
master of science
master of science in aerospace engineering and mechanics
master of science in athletic training
master of science in business analytics
master of science in chemical engineering
master of science in chemistry
master of science in civil engineering
master of science in computer science
master of science in electrical engineering
master of science in environmental engineering
master of science in human environmental sciences
master of science in mechanical engineering
master of science in metallurgical engineering
master of science in nursing
master of social work
master of tax accounting


back to top

appendix d: accessibility rubric

accessibility rubric (pdf)
accessibility rubric (docx)











copyright © 2025
 the university of alabama


(205) 348-6010


contact ua






accessibility


sacscoc



            taskstream
          


equal opportunity


data access request


disclaimer


privacy









this website uses cookies to collect information to improve your browsing experience. please review our privacy statement for more information.
i understand






