







alex harris conversion expert - alex harris | conversion focused web designer | hollywood florida web design




































































skip to content







 





main menu




testimonials
booksmenu toggle

marketing optimization
boost ecommerce sales


aboutmenu toggle

contact
services
linkedin



contactcontact 
 

 
 





















alex harris is a conversion optimization director for enterprise business and ecommerce. 



increase website sales & leads 







 since 2000, alex harris aka @alexdesigns has designed and developed over one hundred different e-commerce and shopify plus websites. during this time, alex executed over seven thousand different a/b and multivariate split tests.alex harris wants to guest on your podcast, blog, video or live stream.email alex@alexdesigns.comhe specializes in creating dedicated landing pages, e-commerce, conversion rate optimization, and helping subscription-based websites make more money. the company’s goal is to help clients get the best web design while improving conversions. alex harris is now the director of conversion optimization at perficient. we are certified in optimizely, quantum metric, dynamic yield, adobe marketing cloud, and monetate.     follow @alexdesigns 







conversion optimization & landing pages 











  



conversion optimization
  







 



ecommerce growth
  







 



landing page design
  















increase website roi 



alex harris @alexdesigns 



our goal is to help clients get the best web design while improving conversions. consulting, web design and content marketing services are available for all platforms including wordpress, magento, shopify and bigcommerce. featured in: 



 


























 












it's not about winning awards, it's about results! 



want to improve your website’s conversion rates and make more revenue? contact me or learn about my web design and conversion optimization services. learn more about alex harris by contacting me today. 






contact alex



















 











testimonials 



over the last two decades we've help a lot of businesses make more money. here are some of the testimonials for alex harris… 











 
"alex really knows his stuff! the first split test that he recommended for our ecommerce store resulted in a big win."



simon gorman
ceo, wise choice market - real food. delivered.









"alex has been one of our secret weapons for many years. many of the great conversion results we got with clients was alex executing on our advice. of course clients loved him and you will too if you need better results from your design."



bryan eisenberg
best selling author and keynote speaker

















web design & conversion optimization in hollywood, florida
 



welcome, you are in the right place if you are looking to improve your conversion rates and generating leads from your website. from 2000-2011, i worked for a popular online diet and fitness company as the creative director. there i managed the web design / front-end development team, implemented a/b testing and optimized marketing campaigns for customer acquisition. now i work from home managing a small team. we specialize in creating build high converting ecommerce stores, websites and landing pages. we also do a lot of wordpress, conversion funnels and saas / web application design. 






read more




















sign up for updates:





leave this field empty if you're human: 












 


 







copyright © 2024 










alex harris | conversion focused web designer | hollywood florida web design













alex designs llc participates as an amazon associate & earns from qualifying purchases. 






 

 















