       
	hcb home
        
   
   skip to main content  





p: (855) hcb-4you






linkedin











search





search

when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select.

























meet highland


leadership


representatives & locations


news


carrier relationships


product offerings


solutions center




who we serve


blog


careers


contact





logout
myportal


register
login
















menu








  



we provide risk-management strategies and solutions to help financial professionals protect and grow their clients' assets.





life insurance | annuities | longevity planning | disability insurance









ready to elevate your business?all financial services distribution companies are not created equal. highland capital brokerage offers an unparalleled national team dedicated to supporting financial advisors who want to provide their clients with best-in-class life insurance, annuities,
    longevity planning, and disability insurance.
who we serve   contact us







we do more:advanced planningrisk management consultinglife insurance and planning solutionslongevity planning solutionscomplex and jumbo underwritingdisability insuranceeasylife platformoffshore/foreign nationals






we support:business growth and developmentcase managementholistic marketingpoint of saletechnologycustom sales strategies







we educate:best practicesblogswebinarseventscontinuing education (ce)






we listen:contact usprovide feedback































built by advisors, for advisorshighland capital brokerage was founded by a group of successful independent advisors whose goal was to help other advisors succeed through deep, unique financial services expertise and counsel to their clients. that founding principle lives on through our mission to be your most trusted, planning partner.










tour highlandbrokerage.com






 watch this video for a demo of our new website, then login or register for an account to access our library of resources and marketing material. 






recent blog posts









life insurance


september is life insurance awareness month


understanding why your client needs life insurance, and what they want to accomplish with it, is the driving force behind most policies. life insurance can: 

• provide financial security for loved ones
• cover outstanding debts
• fund children's education
• leave an inheritance 

read on to learn more.



                        learn moreabout september is life insurance awareness month











disability insurance


may is disability insurance awareness month


many of those who specialize in disability insurance (di) do so with more than just the bottom line in mind. we think di awareness month is special because we recognize its fundamental importance to working americans.



                        learn moreabout may is disability insurance awareness month











longevity planning


help your clients live longer and better lives


america is about to be swept up in a silver tsunami, and the forecast indicates an approaching storm that will linger for decades.



                        learn moreabout help your clients live longer and better lives








explore additional sales and marketing strategies on highland's blog.learn more












registration form



first name



last name





company name (optional)



zip code





email



phone number



password


password must be at least 8 characters in length
password is missing an uppercase character
password is missing a lowercase character
password is missing a number
password is missing a symbol




                            must be at least 8 characters in length, and include three of four of the following:
                            
an uppercase character
a lowercase character
a number
a symbol







are you currently working with highland?

i'm currently working with highland.



who are you currently working with?



tell us how you heard about us? (optional)




are you a licensed agent?

i am a licensed agent and agree to the terms and conditions.



reset
submit






  















highland capital brokerage is a dynamic life insurance, annuity, longevity planning, and disability insurance distribution company providing innovative protection and income solutions to advisors. we listen. we educate. we support. we do more. we elevate your business as your trusted, planning partner. contact us today.



call us: (855) hcb-4you or (855) 422-4968





meet highland



hcb home


careers


carrier relationships


leadership


news


product offerings


who we serve






we do more



advanced planning


easylife


foreign national


solutions center






our channels



osaic life & annuity


ria


risk management consultants


signature life


signature private






connect



contact


representatives & locations










privacy


terms of use


disclosure


collection notice for california residents


hcb, ltd. privacy






linkedin
linked in







    
