

texana: texas books, people, history and texas life











  
texas news & culture



lone star bookstore

cookbook reviews

texas events calendar
news stories
texas sports store
texas golf



online since 1997






texana: 

search lone star bookstore







texas book reviews
reviews of cookbooks, texas wine books and 
books about texas

texas events calendar

the best online listing of texas events, including fairs, rodeos, cook-offs, 
food and wine festivals, 
plus other texas celebrations

notable native texans
the famous and infamous born in texas

texas sports store
clothing for ut, texas a&m and texas tech


gardening:
texas bluebonnets

texas azaleas

special feature:
texas independence day

texascooking on flickr
texascooking on delicio.us


  











visit texas cooking 
www.texascooking.com

over 600 recipes, great articles on barbecue, chili, seafood, desserts
and more.











tripping the trinity river
by larry hodge
on the edge of the dallas/fort worth metroplex, not far from dfw airport, kayakers paddle lazily by the lush green island in the middle of the trinity river as 
four wild turkeys in succession blast off and fly right over their heads, flapping mightily, heading for the dense forest on the other side.  



texas events



texas hill country wine & food festival:
wine downpour at the sunday fair
by steve labinski
foodies and wine connoisseurs from austin and the central texas area enjoyed
  their own kind of woodstock last sunday, gathering together in the wet, muddy
  fields of driftwood to enjoy the closing party for
  the texas hill country wine and food festival.




texana history

letters from the alamo
by lori grossman
the alamo's acting commander, lieutenant colonel william barret travis, fought mexican forces not only with conventional weapons, but also with the ammunition of the written word. 



recent book reviews




hummingbirds of texas
birdwatching is arguably the state's fastest growing sport.  many parts of the state lie in migratory paths hummingbirds





lone star nation
historian h.w. brands spins an entertaining and balanced telling of this american epic, the battle for texas independence.  starting with the original
settlements, painting life at the time, a group of heroic american settlers face down general santa anna, and other threats.




texas cemeteries
from the simplest slab of stone to the most ornate weathered marble, every grave marker in a texas cemetary bears witness to an interesting life. bill harvey makes readers appreciate the many stories about the lives of important texans, which these silent stones can tell. 
 reviewed




hell's half acre
a detailed and interesting look at frontier fort worth's legendary vice district, commonly known as hell's half acre.




touring texas gardenstexas' best kept secret is its gardens.  stephens tours public and private gardens around the state, collecting
useful information for day-trips, visits and vacations.  reviewed




advertisement








news: 
beloved blue catfish splash passes away

look for notable newsin the texas news 

texas politics:

the big rich

book review by steve labinski
texas loves big stories about itself, and nothing reads bigger than the ups and downs of its most famous entreprenuers, the big four oilmen h.l. hunt, clint murchison, roy cullen and sid richardson.  containing interesting biographies, the book eventually wades into deep water by trying to pinpoint texas' political origins.





browse all reviewed booksin the lone star bookstore 




lovin' that lone star flag

book review by alfredo alvarez
texans have never been shy about pride in their state. so it's high time for someone to offer, in the form of a large coffee table book, examples of some of the many ways that texans show and display their state's famous flag. 






for the best barbecue in texas, go to wyoming 
by rick vanderpool

it being almost a personal crusade to sample the best "q" from as many different
texas joints (under the pretense of photographing the signs) as time, funds, and my arteries 
will allow, it was with no small measure of anticipation that i departed lubbock, the morning of june 24,
on a quest that would have amounted to finding the end of the 
rainbow - in gustatory terms, that is.









texas fish


texan snags worlds-largest blue catfish
weighing in at over 125 pounds, grinning catfish splash is quite the tourist attraction.



texas quarters


texas quarters make change
june, 2004 introduced the state's official quarter.  the lone star state's 
quarter already sparks great interest.



texas women


quotable texas women
texas is and has always been peopled by strong characters that, as often as not, know how to turn a phrase. this quality runs deep in texas women. 









texana,
part of the texas cooking network of websites
e-mail: info@texascooking.com


visit texas cooking main site -

search grandma's cookbook for recipes 

texas wines & wineries -

visit the texana web sites




© 2012
mesquite management corp.  -- all rights reserved




