



connecticut state police























menu





photos
csp troops
csp k9
csp motor unit
forums
email













go here for the official csp site




























                      troopers march from troop h in hartford to take part in funeral services for tfc kenneth hall, killed in the line of duty sept. 2, 2010 
                    








note: these pages are neither
                      authorized by nor connected in any official way
                      with the connecticut department of public safety,
                      division of state police; nor do they represent
                      the opinions of that agency or any official of
                      the state of connecticut. this site was
                      originally constructed long ago when the csp had no
                      official site.








 












                      first state police agency in the nation to
                      celebrate one hundred years!!
 in
                      may, 2003, the connecticut state police held its
                      100 year anniversary ball, the first state police
                      agency in the nation to reach this
                      milestone.





                        the connecticut state police is one of the oldest state police agencies in the united states.
                        its origin dates back to 1903, when the agency was originally formed with five officers to combat
                        the growing problem of illegal liquor manufacturing and transportation. it may be hard to
                        believe now, but these early state policemen had to rely mostly on the railroad to move about the
                        state. and even when patrolling by car and motorcycle became possible, there still was no
                        radio system. officers on patrol maintained contact with the barracks by telephone.
                        when the desk officer needed to contact a patrolling trooper, he would make a phone call to one of
                        several stores or gas stations on the man's patrol. the proprietor would raise a small
                        flag, and the officer would stop and call in when he saw it. in those days, and even up to the 
                        '60s, these men reported to the barracks for duty and went on patrol which consisted of a 12 hour shift or more,
                        whatever was needed. they returned to the barracks for meals and rest, went back out on patrol, and
                        repeated the cycle for 5 or 6 days, at which time they were given a day off. one day off. there was no overtime,
                        there were no maximum duty hours, and a man never knew where he would end up or when he would get
                        home. there was also no concept of storing the motorcycles when the weather turned cold. 
                        troopers rode in all kinds of weather, and stuffed their uniforms with newspaper for
                        insulation. and nobody got rich.
today, the
                      connecticut state police has evolved into one of the most respected law enforcement agencies in
                      the world. along the way, it has been on the forefront of many important advances in
                      police technology.






many more new vintage photos added in the photos pages!














































                        the connecticut state police is a diverse agency that consists not only of patrol functions, but many other
                        missions, from state fire marshal, with a large arson section, to street gang units, drug enforcement, welfare fraud,
                        specialized traffic and motor unit; the emergency services unit, which includes a top-notch
                        scuba unit whose members have all completed the intensely difficult u.s. navy dive training; tactical units, explosive
                        disposal, aviation, marine patrol, and one of the oldest and most advanced k-9 units in the
                        country, and possibly the world. additional units are major crime, casino and gambling, organized crime, extradition,
                        and other specialized divisions. the connecticut
                        state police also operates one of the most advanced forensic laboratories in the world, formerly under the supervision
                        of doctor henry lee, who has investigated many landmark cases - you may remember him from the o.j. simpson trial, the
                        jon benet ramsey case, and others. dr. lee also served briefly as a commissioner of the department.





                      	if you're accustomed to thinking of troopers as highway ticket machines, you might not realize that in connecticut,
                         there are large rural areas and many small towns that do not have regular police departments of their own. in many
                         other states, county sheriffs provide law enforcement for rural areas. in connecticut, the sheriff agencies had no responsibilities 
                         outside of the courts and prisoner transport, and were eliminated in the year 2000. the state police have the job of
                         providing or supervising all law enforcement in these rural towns. this means that when a trooper leaves the barracks
                         on patrol, he or she may have responsibility for coverage of two, three, or even four towns. the next radio call
                         that a trooper gets may be an armed robbery, burglary, family fight, missing child, or any other type of crime; or it
                         may be a car accident many miles away. and unlike officers in other agencies, when a connecticut trooper is
                         assigned to one of these incidents, he or she is expected to handle the full investigation, and does not hand it off
                         to another unit. even if it's a major crime, like a homicide, the trooper originally assigned stays involved in
                         the case.





                      	state police men and women also know the meaning of the saying, "troopers ride alone". in most cases,
                         their nearest backup is a long way off, and probably not available anyway. new troopers have to learn quickly to
                         be self-sufficient. and when they make arrests, there's no "wagon" to transport the prisoners, and
                         no "cages" in the cruisers. this is not a job where you just write tickets and eat doughnuts.






















web page by tom seeley,lieutenant, csp retired





















