



liposuction surgery information | liposuction4you.com


















your anatomy
researching the procedure
plastic surgeon information
consultation information
surgery information
recovery information
general information
contact us
















liposuction is always among the most popular elective cosmetic procedures in the united states and throughout the world. liposuction surgery can help you achieve the silhouette you have always wanted. it can also give you a sleeker, smoother body and remove those areas of fat that resist diet and exercise. however, liposuction is not a substitute for diet and exercise and is considered a serious surgical procedure. a discussion with a plastic surgeon can help you to understand the options for liposuction surgery. plastic surgeons in florida often perform liposuction to harvest fat and apply it to breast augmentation miami patients to create fuller breast using this technique know as breast augmentation using fat transfer.
the goal of this website is to assist people in learning about their options in liposuction and any appropriate liposuction alternative. i want you to feel comfortable with your choices and the goal of this website is to educate you without sugarcoating the reality of liposuction. while liposuction can improve the appearance of your body, it can also cause you to look worse if you do not choose your plastic surgeon correctly or if you are not a good candidate for the liposuction procedure in the first place. you must have reasonable expectations about what liposuction can and cannot do and what the risks and possible risks and complications of liposuction are. while this procedure is very popular and it may seem like everyone is having it done, it is still surgery and all surgery has risks.
because of the popularity of liposuction—and the money to be made with it—many doctors who perform it are not qualified or skilled at it. this site will help you in finding the best doctor for you.
i have performed a lot of research on the various liposuction techniques and what the risks and complications are. i have had liposuction twice, once removing 3650 ml from my abdomen, hips, and inner and outer thighs; and another procedure to remove a little more from my inner thighs and to get fat grafting to an area on the saddlebags where i felt i had a contour irregularity from the first procedure. you can read about my liposuction experience as well as view my liposuction before-and-after photos.
if you are considering liposuction, you need to  educate yourself on what can happen and how to increase your chances of a  positive outcome. my goal is to provide you with the tools to help you educate  yourself and find a good plastic surgeon, and to support you during the  entire liposuction experience.




 


area is locked























contact us


(updated on 07/26/13)
© 2009 -  ceatus media group llc
images and text on this site belong to ceatus media group. copying or reproducing any text or graphics from this website is strictly prohibited by copyright law. please read our copyright infringement policy.








