
      home
     









homeskip to main contentskip to footersitemapdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files. all blackhawk community credit union branches will be closed on monday, february 17th in observance of presidents' day. close alertblackhawk community credit union 

personal


save & spend


checking

savings

debit cards

budgeting & debt management

digital banking



invest


wealth management



borrow


credit cards

mortgage loans

consumer loans





business


save & spend


business checking

business savings

business debit cards



manage


business services

business bill pay login



borrow


business lending team

business & commercial loans





about us


news

our history

leadership

annual reports

community giveback

financial literacy

security



routing #275978048 open main navigation  close main navigation  open site search  close site search  open online banking login  close online banking loginonline bankingusername loginforgot passwordenroll what are you looking for? start your searchblackhawk community credit union 


your needs,our priority.
your financial needs come first. we're dedicated to providing the tools and support that empower you to achieve your goals.
about bhccu





  



calling all nonprofitdifference makers!
apply today to receive a $15,000 donationfrom blackhawk community credit union
apply now






  



celebrate 60 years and 6.00% apy with us!
open a 52 week challenge savings accountand earn 6.00% apy for our 60th anniversary year.
because 60 never looked so good.

about 52 week challenge






 click here to start or stop the slider's autoplay feature a shared past, a strong future.
welcome to blackhawk community credit union and a better way to do money. we honor the strength we have forged together, in partnership with you, through generations of service. our members are shareholders and our profits are reinvested in you by offering better rates and personalized service.
helping you get more out of your money. #peoplehelpingpeople
the difference
      rates
we are known for giving back to our membership through competitive rates on savings, checking, loans, and credit cards. it is just another benefit of belonging to a cooperative.
view all rates    mortgage loans  15 yr fixed low as  6.125% apr*    auto loans  as low as  6.99% apr*    certificates  as high as  4.00% apy**  *apr is annual percentage rate. rates are subject to change. see rates page for additional details
**apy means annual percentage yield. rates are subject to change. see rates for additional details.  redeem your curewards
have you ever left a present unopened? the answer should be no! the same goes for your cu rewards - don't leave this gift unopened. redeem the rewards that you've earned!
redeem rewards  

explore credit card options




  



digital banking solutions






  



contactless cards






  

online security




  

explore business loans




 click here to start or stop the slider's autoplay feature 



keep tabs onwhat matters.
member alerts will keep you in the loopabout your account, shares, or loans.
learn about alerts








  let's stay in touch.
enter your email address to be the first to know what we are up to at blackhawk.       email address  sign up

contact us

branch/atm locations and hours

careers

financial calculators

nmls# 506462



make a payment

open an account

apply for a loan

online & mobile

member alerts



membership

privacy

disclosures and accessibility

secure file upload

security

 redeem yourcu rewards instagram  facebook  linked in  youtubenational credit union administration  equal housing lender 

go to the top of the pagerouting #275978048©  blackhawk community credit union agent connect


 