











:: lycogel ::












































 




























home
our products
lycogel moments
lycogel looks
our technology
colour matching
about us
faqs
contact
 











english


dutch















introducing the new and improved lycogel
lycogel has a reputation for providing technically formulated, quality products to benefit any skin type. our skincare makeup enables our customers to feel confident by improving the skin’s health, texture and appearence, enabling them to connect with their inner beauty. we continue to innovate and develop products to meet our customers’ ever changing needs.
our products











take a look...
see our impressive products in action. design your perfect look with lycogel.
lycogel looks











do you have a moment?
our products meet you where you are, at any moment you please.
lycogel moments













lycogel lovers remain loyal for life! if you are selective about what you use on your skin, then lycogel is the perfect range for you. give your skin what it needs and deserves. about us










oxygen
moisture
nutrients
breathable
delivery
durable

the lycogel difference achieve healthy and beautiful skin with lycogel. don’t underestimate the powerful active ingredients in our lyco-complex and our designer gel base technology. our technology









why is oxygen important to the skin? oxygen literally breathes life into your skin. oxygen increases cellular respiration and metabolism while supporting collagen and elastin synthesis. view faq




what is lyco-complex? our skin needs oxygen, hydration and nutrients to remain in optimal condition. that is why all lycogel products are formulated with our revolutionary lyco-complex. lyco-complex is the name we coined to represent the powerful combination of three ingredients of plant origin, that supplement the skin with oxygen, hydration and nutrition. view faq




what is designer gel base? the designer gel base has been developed to behave as an oxygen permeable matrix which allows he skin to breathe from the moment it is applied onto the skin. simultaneously the breathable matrix forms a strong bond with the skin. this creates an extended opportunity for the functional ingredients to be presented to the skin which results in optimal absorption, protection and the desired look throughout the day. view faq












color match your perfect skin tone color matching
lycogel provides the perfect color match for every skin type and tone. our technologically advanced range of products enables you to achieve the exact level of coverage and finish you desire. look and feel amazing with lycogel! 

















copyright © 2025 lycogel 
																		terms of use
privacy policy




















this site uses cookies:  find out moreokay, thanks




