


underdog sports




















    
	underdog sports
	
  
sports from an insider's point of view, offering a fresh perspective on both the minor leagues and the business of sports.





friday, december 28, 2007



	 
	 underdog returns!
	 
    


the holiday season has come to an end, and the look on your face speaks volumes. like bill belichick realizing that his new england patriots will tackle history against eli and his giants in what is a meaningless contest for the softer side of manning, you discovered that underdog is back.now, before you nestle into your usb-powered recliner and set your egg-timer looking for new posts, be forewarned: underdog will not likely make daily posts. fact is, they might not even be weekly. mark your calendar for "sporadic" and you will remain up-to-date, though. so, without further ado, let's take a look at what's news in the four major sports.nflin case you hadn't heard, the aforementioned patriots will take on the new york football giants on saturday night in their pursuit of perfection. there is little doubt that the pats will win, barring a buster douglas-like upset. headlines galore have been dedicated to the patriots, 16-0, the giants starting lineup, and that vegas odds put the over-under at six offensive plays before eli manning makes that "mommy, make him give me the ball back" pouty face.what should be making at least as much news, though, is how the nfl--a business juggernaut with few peers--and the upstart nfl network caved to big cable like brett favre before a record-setting michael strahan. the pats-giants game was scheduled to air on the nfl network, which has distribution to a population roughly the equivalent of rhode island. (ok, ok, its distribution is really 43 million of the nearly 113 million u.s. homes with television.) so history was going to be made and, like the 100-point game by wilt chamberlain in hershey, pennsylvania, no one would have seen it. but this week the nfl caved and made arrangements for the game to be carried on both cbs and nbc.and with that, goliath was felled.see, the nfl had been in a stalemate with big cable companies like comcast and time warner since launching the nfl network. the nfl wants the channel carried on basic or extended basic tiers, at a charge of 65 to 70 cents per subscriber. the cable giants would prefer to place it on a sports-specific premium tier, where the subscribers that want it will pay a premium and cover the substantial fees. the nfl couldn't see how its brand name didn't command respect, but a comcast-backed weak network like versus ended up on extended basic. the two sides are still arguing, with consumer and political pressure mounting, and still no resolution.so the nfl and the nfl network needed this game to be widely unavailable, like the november 29 meeting between the green bay packers and dallas cowboys on the second-year network. they needed irate fans to call, write, and scream to congressmen and cable systems alike. they needed a historic event to take place in obscurity because big cable was bullying the poor, defenseless nfl. and they had it coming this weekend.but instead of letting the pressure mount until big cable cowered, the nfl buckled. now, not only will the game be seen nationally, it will be covered by three networks--the nfl network, cbs, and nbc. that's a first, topping super bowl i in 1967, which was carried by cbs and nbc.by failing to hold its ground, the nfl lost whatever competitive advantage it had, namely that consumers wanted to see a game that was only on the nfl network. isn't that how a channel earns viewers and how cable networks validate carriage fees--by airing programs viewers want to watch! instead of using this to its advantage, the nfl gave it away... and lost.mlbwhile the rest of the country languishes in a post-mitchell report hangover, underdog will instead touch on an annual event that is troublesomely puzzling: hall of fame balloting.ballots have been distributed for this year's hall of fame voting, giving rise to debates over who should be enshrined in cooperstown and who should be relegated to paying for admission. goose gossage? jim rice? dale murphy? tim raines?what is most puzzling is how the debate rages on for candidates going through the process yet again, like rice and gossage. nothing against either player, but have they done anything since becoming eligible that would make them more attractive to voters? has murphy's career aged like fine wine since his retirement in 1993, making him a better fit for cooperstown? does andre dawson seem more hall-worthy the further we get from his playing days... and the harder they are to remember?it is understandable when a candidate is brushed aside because three other players of obvious cooperstown caliber are eligible. this was the case in 1999, when nolan ryan, george brett, and robin yount were elected, leaving carlton fisk on the outside looking in. this was rectified a year later, when fisk earned his spot in the hall.but what of players like rice and gossage, who are perennially at the heart of hall of fame debates? they could hope for a fate like that of bruce sutter, who was elected in his 13th year of eligibility in 2006. and many predict gossage to be a frontrunner this year, his ninth year on the ballot. he fell 21 votes shy in 2007, picking up 71.2% of the vote--and no player has ever had a percentage as high and not been voted in the next year.but how does this happen? it's difficult to argue that after years of disappointingly coming up short, a player suddenly becomes hall of fame material. sometimes a year can be thin on eye-popping candidates, making long-suffering players into possible hall of famers for voters who insist on putting someone on the ballot. and after several years, writers can turn a player's case into a cause, rattling cages and tugging at heartstrings until a borderline career morphs into a story with a hollywood ending.in an era when current players are stained by missteps and transgressions, and media outlets are constantly in search of a unique story, a sport that is more steeped in tradition than any other finds itself reaching back in time for heroes. and when there aren't any new heroes to anoint, we transform good players into great ones.but does this mean these players really deserve to be hall of famers? hardly. in underdog's opinion, it devalues the hall of fame into a grandiose all-star sham.nbathe new york knicks have an 8-20 record, just a half-game from being the worst in the eastern conference. the team's coach has had a very public feud with its moody star, stephon marbury. and who could ignore the public spectacle surrounding the sexual harassment lawsuit against the knicks and the stunning testimony by and about the team's president of basketball operations.what is amazing is that, despite all this, coach and president of basketball operations isiah thomas can even go out in public in new york, let alone still have his job. this is the same player that has besmirched a superstar playing career with embarrassment in toronto, the cba, indiana, and now new york.the knicks could make great progress in the eyes of their fans if they declared the entire isiah era a lost cause and simply cut thomas loose. new york fans might not normally be willing to support a horrible team or might lack patience for a rebuilding franchise. but the overflowing enthusiasm upon isiah's departure could give the knicks carte blanche for a couple of years.in the face of all that has happened with this franchise since isiah's arrival four years ago, underdog has to wonder just one thing: what the hell was knicks owner james dolan doing in the pictures that isiah must have stashed away somewhere? it must be inexcusably horrific, since no team owner could logically and voluntarily submit his team and its fan base to such outrageously poor leadership.nhlthe post-lockout national hockey league has much to be happy about: forgiving fans, young talent, financial certainty. so why can't it get its games on a real network in the united states?until 2005, the nhl had a home on espn. this brought the weakest of the four major sports into millions of mainstream homes. more people were exposed to the game, which helped the sport's fan base grow.then the nhl granted us broadcast rights to comcast-owned outdoor life network, a network best known at the time for carrying the tour de france. (it should be noted that comcast is also a partner in comcast-spectacor, which owns, among other entities, the nhl's philadelphia flyers.) in doing so, the league went from mainstream to footnote. the broadcasts were of poor quality, the sets amateurish, and the presentation sub-par.outdoor life has since become versus, which now has a more sports-oriented bent--but not many more viewers. the production has improved, but is anyone left to watch it? the new nhl, with a more wide-open style and young stars that would appeal to a broader audience, toils in self-imposed obscurity. most people still get their hockey fix on espn, though now it's on sportscenter, in highlights relegated to the last twenty minutes of the show.if the nhl is to do more than simply survive the post-lockout era, it will have to jump ship at the end of the versus contract. sure, a new deal with espn won't initially be as rich as the oln/versus pact. but without espn's broad audience, the ill-conceived lockout will all be for naught, because hockey's fan base will dwindle into nothingness. commissioner gary bettman will have to swallow his pride and prove that he knows what's in the best interests for the nhl's teams, players, and fans.



posted by underdog at 1:21 am
0 comments






saturday, april 15, 2006



	 
	 underdog returns with random disappointments
	 
    


it's been a while, so underdog isn't going to rush in with a treatise on any one subject. instead, he'll weigh in on a variety of subjects that have crossed his television and puter in recent days...roger clemens is right now the lead story on espn.com, as jayson stark opines the rocket could return to the field by mid-summer. it'll take the right situation--requiring both a genuine opportunity to win the world series, superstar money, and ultra-superstar pampering and treatment--to lure him. no doubt that if the team is a legitimate contender, as the houston astros were with clemens last year, his value is evident. but what happens if, after his arrival, the team's fortunes turn south. is he still a benefit then, a valuable team player even though he travels on his own and is afforded his own schedule? will he be a divisive figure considering that he is outspoken and obviously only interested in getting more for himself? (if he were team oriented, he'd be in uniform right now for the astros.) like many abrasive, me-first talents in sports today, clemens' negatives will be overlooked in favor of his potential. after all, even though he will be 44 years old at the start of the world series, clemens remains arguably the game's best pitcher. he's coming off a career-best 1.87 era, an unthinkable figure nowadays. so though underdog doesn't like how clemens is holding the game hostage merely for his own benefit, he'd applaud if the rocket touched down in boston... and spew vitriol should he don pinstripes for the new york yankees again.speaking of players dragging out career decisions, future hall-of-famer brett favre still has not notified the green bay packers if he will return for the 2006 season. the consummate leader, the man who played with childlike enthusiasm, is now showing a more childlike side by holding the packers hostage. the organization has reportedly given favre deadlines, which the mississippi native has ignored. in fact, he seems more intent on dragging out the process because he was given a deadline. the team has now pushed back the trigger date for favre's $3 million roster bonus for a fourth time, all with the hopes that the franchise qb will return. and why shouldn't they? they are entirely invested in favre, not because he has started a record 241 games at the sport's toughest position, but because the packers have danced so long with favre this off-season that they have no viable alternative any longer. pick up a free agent? no one of consequence is left. jump into the fray and trade up in the draft? desperation would force them to overspend. so it's a mess of their own doing, with more than a bit of help from favre. unfortunately, since he's been a packer for 14 years and bled green and gold all that time, we expected more of favre, and he hasn't delivered. in the twilight of his career, he has allowed selfishness to tarnish his legacy.on an entirely different income level fans will find the association of minor league umpires (amlu), the union representing umpires at all levels of affiliated minor league baseball. amlu has been on strike for the first week of the season after being unable to come to terms on a new contract with the professional baseball umpire corp., which oversees these arbiters from an administrative level. amlu reps have been seeking better wages and per diems for umpires since the last contract expired; the pay range for minor league umps a meager $5,000 to $15,000 per season. the pbuc made a final offer in the last week of march and, when that was rejected, instructed all teams to find local replacements. through one week of play, only managers have expressed any dissatisfaction with the sub umps, which have been pulled from the high school and college ranks, as well as some formerly retired men in blue. the level of play is higher and the game faster, managers say, and that is especially evident in double-a and triple-a, where the players are closer to big league caliber. but minor league officials, who are actually seeing a savings by paying the replacement umps less than they did union members, haven't heard enough complaints to consider caving. and since the majority of fans at minor league parks are casual, the pressure to get professionals back behind the plate won't come from the stands. this will be up to player development officials, likely after continued sub-par performance and increased complaints from managers, coaches, and scouts. the worst-case scenario is a player is hurt because a replacement ump loses control of a game and teams decide to police themselves with beanballs and bench-clearing brawls. it's time baseball and the pbuc realizes that it needs to protect the game and its players, not just watch the bottom line. the game expects to develop major league-quality players, coaches, managers, administrators, and trainers through its minor league system, and the idea behind the pbuc was to do the same for umpires. that means paying umpires enough that they can focus on the game, not make it a cool side job to do during the summer. i don't imagine baseball would like being a minor league umpire compared to being a lifeguard at the beach for the summer. but it's hard to tell, because right now there are probably a few lifeguards calling balls and strikes at a minor league park near you.underdog thinks it's unfortunate that all three of the above are making this kind of selfish and self-destructive news. what's worse, though, is that much of the above will be forgotten in the near future when their issues are resolved... which underdog fears will mean that we are doomed to suffer through this turmoil again.



posted by underdog at 8:54 pm
2 comments






monday, february 27, 2006



	 
	 olympic hangover
	 
    


after a technology-imposed olympic break, underdog returns with some random thoughts about the olympics, among other things…amidst all the positive stories from the games, it's difficult for american fans to look past some of our disappointments. lindsey jacobellis, one of the previously unknown athletes nbc and others made into household names to sell the olympics, turned her expected gold medal into silver when she fell after trying to turn a trick just before the finish line in the women's snowboard cross. with gold around her neck and the media behind her, she was prepared to reap at least a moderate windfall. now she will be remembered for one of the more prominent "oh no!" moments in an event that no one other than x-gamers even knew existed.chad hedrick fell short of eric heiden's five gold medals in speedskating at one games but managed to become just the third american to claim three with a gold, silver and bronze. teammate shani davis became the first black athlete to win an individual gold at the winter olympics. but what we'll remember more is the sniping between the two that led fans to wonder aloud why the term "teammates" was ever used to describe them. davis backed out of the men's team pursuit, an event that saw the now-undermanned americans lose to the eventual gold-medal-winning italians. that raised the ire of hedrick, who publicly questioned whether davis was even part of the u.s. squad or a team all his own. with international press all around, the tiff grew into headline news, compounded by hedrick refusing to congratulate davis on his gold and davis walking out of the post-race press conference. despite his historic win, davis deserves to be chastised for leaving his teammates high and dry; he's there as an american first, and he would have still had a day off between the team pursuit and his next event. but hedrick could have used some p.r. strategy of his own. he would have been better off taking the high road and not commenting on davis. the u.s. media, which becomes overwhelmingly patriotic when the olympic flame is lit, would have roasted davis for his selfishness without hedrick's prompting. instead, hedrick sounded like he was more concerned with is quest for heiden's record and no less self-centered than davis.speaking of hedrick and heiden, why is it that every olympiad sees another american athlete who hopes to reach the rarified air of heiden's five medals or mark spitz's seven swimming golds? underdog wonders if, deep down in the minds of these athletes, if that is what they're really shooting for, or if they are happy to be participating and hoping to win once or twice. more likely, the united states p.r. machine manufactures these olympic quests to raise the public's interest in and anticipation of the games. what the american people are left with after the olympics, though, is the hollow disappointment that another hero-to-be fell short of an all-time record, instead of elation at an individual winning multiple medals. consider that hedrick's accomplishments are all the more amazing because he has been on skates for less than four years. instead, all sniping with davis aside, we look back at these olympics and feel compelled to remember what hedrick didn't achieve.the men's ice hockey finals featured neighboring nations, sweden and finland, in a grudge match that turned into a game for the ages. but most north american fans didn't catch the game at 8 am sunday because the canadian and american teams, stocked with nhl talent, both failed to advance to even the semifinals. more was expected from the canadians than the u.s. squad, but managing just one win in the preliminary round and a loss in the quarterfinals was simply not acceptable for the american program. mike modano then compounded the embarrassment by opening his mouth, an act that tends to be followed by maudlin violins and childlike crying. although his questioning of the leadership of the united states program was unwarranted, there will be a lot of pressure on the americans to fare better the next time around. it was lucky for the underachieving team that there was an ocean and at least a six hour time difference between them and their fans. but when the olympics come to vancouver in 2010, you can bet fan and media frenzy – as well as the pressure accompanying pressure – will be enormous. and if you think the americans will feel the heat in four years, it'll be nothing like what the host canadians will endure.there's an interesting possible twist to the men's hockey event at the 2010 vancouver games. the debate has already begun in north america as to whether the nhl should take a hiatus and allow pros to skate in the olympics. after all, college and major junior players could have been ousted in the quarterfinals, too, and it would have been far less embarrassing for the countries and the nhl. if neither the canadians nor the americans win gold in vancouver, expect national hockey league officials to pull their support and let the olympic programs return to the days of amateur players. the novelty of bringing all the best players together for national glory has subsided. the nhl is realizing there is little to be gained and much credibility to be lost, especially on its home turf, with professional participation in the olympics. the league has to be very image-conscious as it tries to rebuild from a costly lost season. furthermore, taking three weeks off in the season’s final third is not a recipe for building drama and interest. expect this experiment to come to and end in four years, with the nhl throwing its weight behind the world cup of hockey.the united states won 25 medals – nine gold, nine silver, and seven bronze – a total second only to germany at the torino olympics. but take a closer look at the medals won. four medals (two golds, two silvers) in the halfpipe, a gold and a silver in snowboard cross, three medals in short track skating, and another in freestyle skiing. if those don't sound like your traditional events, that's because they're not. none of them were even olympic medal sports before 1992, with the snowboard events not arriving until 1998. so 40% of american medals in these games came in events that were part of the so-called "extreme makeover" of the winter olympics. and that number could have been higher, what with jeremy bloom's disappointing moguls run and apolo anton ohno expected to nab more than his three medals on the short track. underdog has to wonder if the push to blend some extreme games into the winter olympics has been led by an american program that generally is not as competitive in traditional events.his nike-produced web site invited fans to "join the brazen, the unintimidated." it might as well have said the loudmouth, the misguided, the disappointing, because bode miller was all of those. what he was not was an olympic champion, or even close to it. no american athlete – perhaps no participant in these olympic games – attracted more attention entering torino than miller. and despite his nike ads declaring that he is driven by personal satisfaction and not medals and records, miller has to be the biggest goat of these olympics. the self-guided miller, who abhors the traditional media attention and prefers to ski for the love of it, managed to position himself square in the limelight approaching the games. he agreed to an interview with rolling stone, in which he admitted to skiing world cup events drunk. no amount of backpedaling by u.s. ski officials or half-hearted clarifications by miller was going to wash off that stain, but it did thrust him into mainstream media. when the increased attention unearthed that he and several other american skiers sought treatment from a questionable doctor in mexico, miller countered by openly implying that lance armstrong and barry bonds have used performance-enhancing drugs. now say what you will about bonds (who underdog would like to point out had never tested positive to a banned substance), but armstrong is possibly the most-tested athlete in the world—and he's come up clean every time. miller's strategy of casting dispersions on other record-breaking athletes did nothing to help his case. in fact, it placed him in an unviable position upon his arrival in torino: he had to medal, if not win, multiple events just in hopes of justifying the hype and backing up his bluster. anything less would constitute failure. much to the chagrin of nike and others who had built miller up, he became the deer in olympic headlights, failing to earn a medal and even being disqualified from a pair of events. no matter what he achieves in the future, he will always be the athlete who wilted under his enormous self-imposed olympic pressure. miller replaces dan o’brien and dave johnson, subjects of the reebok "dan or dave?" marketing blitz prior to the 1992 summer games in barcelona, as the biggest media-backed olympic bust in recent years. maybe the trick is to not endorse a major shoe manufacturer until after you've won something at the olympics.in closing, an observation about the olympics, which many claim unite the world in a quest for athletic achievement and sportsmanship. a friend of underdog's once said that the olympics really have an opposite effect of him and many americans. instead of bringing people closer together, he found himself rooting so hard for the united states that he came to hate all other countries during the games. in that case, here's to the end of the olympics and the return to international harmony – until the next prominent competition for national pride, the world baseball classic… which kicks off on friday. 



posted by underdog at 8:14 pm
1 comments






monday, february 06, 2006



	 
	 thoughts following the super bowl
	 
    


for many, the super bowl just didn't live up the hype this year. maybe it was the lack of the season's dominating team (the indianapolis colts) or the fact that we spent the last two weeks trying to figure why, beyond jerome bettis, we even wanted to watch. even a lot of the commercials were disappointing, especially when you eliminate those from anheuser-busch. but looking back through the nachos-induced indigestion, underdog has a few thoughts...it's ironic how much of a difference a few weeks make. several weeks ago, pittsburgh steelers linebacker joey porter complained for all to hear about the tainted officiating in the steelers' win over indianapolis. porter argued that the nfl wanted their 2005 darling cots, led by marketable household names like peyton manning, marvin harrison, and edgerrin james, to reach the super bowl. as a result, game officials botched an interception call in the fourth quarter that gave the colts a chance to nearly come back from a 21-10 deficit. said porter after the game, "come on, man, don't take the game away from us like that."but in the two weeks prior to the super bowl, the story of bettis returning home to close out his career as a champion, combined with the dearth of marketable personalities on the seattle seahawks, made the steelers the new media darlings. several critical calls during the super bowl went pittsburgh's way, much to the outrage of the pacific northwest. one led to a touchdown for the steelers when they would have otherwise been held to a field goal attempt, and another took a seahawks touchdown off the board. underdog has to wonder, is porter still as critical of the officials now?the super bowl was held in detroit for the second time ever and the first since january, 1982. (ok, so when the san francisco 49ers won their first super bowl it was in pontiac, michigan, but that's close enough.) detroit has a rich music history; there are more than enough potential themes and acts to populate several super bowl halftime shows. so, who does the nfl choose to keep our attention during the world's longest halftime? geriatric rockers the rolling stones, all the way from london, england. and the detroit music scene was relegated to the pre-game show and the national anthem, which it had to share with new orleans.now it's true that motown, the record label that is synonymous with detroit, was celebrated in super bowl halftime shows twice before. super bowl xvi was a solute to the 60's and motown, while super bowl xxxii celebrated motown's 40th anniversary. still, repetition doesn't seem to be a problem for the halftime show, which has seen nelly and justin timberlake take the stage twice in recent years, gloria estefan three times, and the up with people troupe parading through our living rooms an unforgivable four times.of course, the stones show has a lot to do with the last time we saw timberlake at the super bowl, when his "wardrobe malfunction" with janet jackson caused an uproar and backlash we're still experiencing two years later. in fact, the rolling stones agreed to be censored last night to avoid a similar catastrophe. according to news reports today, the nfl had technicians reduce the volume on mick jagger's microphone at the end of the line "you make a dead man come" in the song "start me up" and when he made a barnyard reference to "cocks" in "rough justice." apparently the nfl is so sensitive about its image that these lyrics, which are allowed on radio stations throughout america, are too racy for the super bowl. which is why the average age of the last two halftime performers is over 60 years old, and why most fans under the age of 40 spent more time checking out the halftime buffet than jagger's prancing and pouting. (however, if the nfl's machinations helped avoid a wardrobe malfunction that would have exposed jagger in any way, well then, underdog would like to join the entire civilized world in a hearty "thank you.")according to the major market reports released to day by nielsen, tv ratings for the super bowl were down for a second consecutive year. 41.8% of televisions in the 56 largest tv markets tuned in to the super bowl, down from 43.4% in the major markets last year. the overall ratings are due out on tuesday, but the major markets are a pretty clear indication of the super bowl's audience; these markets make up 70 percent of the total households with televisions. still, this makes 16 consecutive years, and 24 out of the past 25 years, in which the super bowl drew a rating over 40.but enough about numbers--what fans really want to talk about are the commercials. as usual, anheuser-busch commercials were among the most prevalent and well-liked during the big game. in fact, a spotbowl.com survey of viewers gave the beer mega-brand four of the top five commercials during this super bowl. but stealing the top spot was fedex and its "cave man" ad, which featured a prehistoric man getting fired and then stomped by a dinosaur after not using the shipping service, which hadn't even been invented yet. the more widely-accepted "ad meter" from usa today gave bud light's "magic fridge" commercial billing as this year's top ad, the eighth strait year the newspaper's real-time focus groups have given the nod to the beermaker.among the other ads that were well-received was sierra mist's "airport security" spot; whether it helps, though, is another thing, since sierra mist lags well behind sprite and 7-up in its category. disney received very good reviews for its new spin on the staple, "i'm going to disney world," which featured a host of players from both teams privately practicing the line before the game. ameriquest's "medical misunderstandings" spot, which ends with a technician killing a fly with defibrillator paddles, also drew laughs from viewers. it's interesting that both of ameriquest's ads highlighted amusing misunderstandings. consumer "misunderstandings" with the lender recently forced ameriquest to enter into a $325 million settlement with 49 attorneys general. ameriquest admitted to improper lending practices, including routinely engaging in a bait-and-switch routine with customers.the most disappointing series of ads had to belong to pepsi. a regular at the super bowl, pepsi executives seemed to think that the star power of p. diddy and jackie chan would somehow carry the commercials. they were very wrong, and even the cute, last-second substitution of a diet coke can as a "stunt double" for the diet pepsi star in one spot couldn't save the brand from an embarrassing showing. it's also a little disappointing to see companies like fidelity federal and slim-fast spend $2.5 million for a 30-second ad and not even come up with an original spot. at least companies like careerbuilder.com took their familiar themes and came up with something new.underdog just figures that if you're going to spend $83,333.33 per second on a commercial spot, you'd prefers viewers don't decide after five seconds that your ad is one they can miss for a bathroom break. 



posted by underdog at 4:24 pm
0 comments






saturday, january 28, 2006



	 
	 when we have nothing left to fight about...
	 
    


it seems that at texas a&m, their concern isn't on a basketball team that has stumbled to a 2-4 start in the big 12. and why should they be concerned about their football program, which has managed one winning season in the last four campaigns and this year finished 5-6? instead, the aggies have set their sights on a much bigger and more important opponent.the seattle seahawks.see, the media has been celebrating the notion of seattle fans being the 12th man, that secret weapon at home that helped the seahawks to an undefeated record at qwest field en route to the super bowl. the seahawks' 12th man dates back to the 1980's, when the seahawks called the kingdome home and steve largent was setting records. the team went so far as to retire the number 12 in 1984. a "12th man" banner now flies at qwest field and a no. 12 flag is atop the space needle.but this offends the sensitivities of the a&m faithful, who have been celebrating their 12th man tradition since 1922. upon entering kyle field, fans are greeted by the pronouncements "welcome to aggieland" and "home of the 12th man" on the fascia inside the seating bowl. students stand and sway and create a generally unnerving environment for visiting teams, resulting in a 25-13 home record since 2000.keep in mind, though, that not all of texas a&m's football traditions have fared well of late. the school also used to enjoy a large annual bonfire to rally the students before a big game. on november 18, 1999, this tradition turned to tragedy with the collapse of several thousand logs being used for a bonfire prior to the school's clash with the texas longhorns. twelve students were killed and at least 27 others injured.anyway, the school thought so much of its 12th man tradition that it twice filed trademarks for "the 12th man". but those applications were submitted in 1990 and 1996. in other words, the first application was 68 years after the tradition began--and six years after the seahawks retired the number 12 jersey in honor of their fans.of course, back then, a&m was also winning conference championships and going to major bowls. now the program is floundering, and raising a stink while seattle is gearing up for a super bowl gets the aggies a little national ink.so what if they look foolish in the process. take a closer look at the trademark filed by texas a&m. it says the mark is used for "entertainment services, namely organizing and conducting intercollegiate sporting events."yes, intercollegiate. it would be understandable if the aggies were vigilant in their defense of the 12th man against, say, the longhorns or maybe the savannah college of art and design.but the seahawks? come on.but texas a&m hasn't let a little truth get in the way of its own story-making. athletics director bill byrne said the school has challenged both the chicago bears and buffalo bills when those teams organized 12th man violations. but the seahawks have been "brazen" in their use of the 12th man theme, and byrne said the team has been "slow-rolling" in responding to the school's request to cease and desist.that's a shock, seeing as the school doesn't seem to have a legal leg to stand on.underdog's recommendation to a&m is this: sit down, shut up, and try to figure out how you're going to beat texas or even get back into the polls. you screwed yourself, after all, when you limited your trademark to college athletics. and stop it with the pathetic pr attempts at stealing ink from seattle. let the seahawks enjoy their first trip to the super bowl. after all, they do deserve a little sympathy--this is their first trip to the big game and they don't get a nice destination like california, florida, or the former party-town leader, new orleans. they're stuck with detroit. so have some pity and leave them alone.and honestly, shouldn't there be more of a focus on athletics and not trademarks? in 1996, when texas a&m filed its second trademark application for "the 12th man", the school finished 6-6, equaling the number of losses it suffered in the prior four years combined. since 2000, the aggies haven't finished higher than third in the south division of the big 12 and they've failed to finish any season in the top 25.but this practice of trademarking athletic lingo might find its origin in pat riley, miami heat president/head coach. back when he led the los angeles lakers to three straight nba titles from 1986 to 1988, he coined the now commonplace term "three-peat." protecting his newfound creativity was his corporate entity, riles & company, which trademarked the term. riley is now entitled to receive a licensing fee from any entity that uses "three-peat" for commercial purposes. of course, while riley might have "three-peat" to his credit, he has won the same amount of nba titles as underdog has since the trademark application: zero.so underdog's final words are: when you start adding trademarks to your resume, you run the risk of having only trademarks on your resume. to the aggies and riley, stick to your x's and o's. actually, riley, you should just stick to the front office. 



posted by underdog at 5:15 pm
1 comments






wednesday, january 25, 2006



	 
	 world baseball classic update
	 
    


last week, the bush administration relented and gave cuba the ok to participate in the world baseball classic. the reason may have been that cuba has participated in other athletic contests on u.s. soil in recent years, from the olympics to a home-and-home baseball series with the baltimore orioles. it may have also been that cuba greed to donate any proceeds it would have received to hurricane relief efforts.it's also likely that the opportunity to embarrass cuba was at or near the top of the list. though cuba won olympic gold in 2004, it did so against international amateur competition, not major league players. and the cuban program has been on the decline in recent years, as a result of defections and limited international play because fidel castro fears even more defections. the administration may have given cuba the ok because it in turn gives the americans a chance to slap around castro in one of the few places he has managed to defeat the u.s., on the baseball field.also, alex rodriguez, inc. has evaluated all offers, consulted with his board of directors, put out opinion polls and evaluated focus groups... and opted to play for the united states at the wbc. of course, that news came in the same week that barry bonds bowed out of the event, citing health concerns because of his achy knees. (those same concerns haven't dissuaded him from visiting the buffet for seconds, judging from recent video of him on the golf course.) but as espn's jayson stark points out, bonds is far from alone. americans not participating in the wbc include gary sheffield, jim edmonds, randy johnson, roy oswalt, john smoltz, mark buehrle, todd helton, torii hunter, and troy glaus.so much for the spectacle of the best against the best. 



posted by underdog at 3:22 pm
0 comments









	 
	 baseball in edinburg makes washington, d.c. look organized
	 
    


on one hand you had a team with a championship history and a questionable future, and on the other you had a new league with an unnamed franchise and a hopeful future. one continued to operate out of the stadium's main office even though it was mired in bankruptcy, and the other began operations in the city's skybox even though it didn't have a general manager.such was the sordid circumstances of professional baseball in edinburg, texas, where a judge's ruling on monday may have gone a long way to sorting things out.the edinburg roadrunners were a member of the independent central baseball league since 2001, and won multiple championships. but in early 2005, they ran afoul of the city because of late rent charges. the city in turn terminated the team's ten-year lease and began to work with the franchise on a year-to-year basis. at the end of the 2005 season, the city rejected an offer by the roadrunners to increase the annual rent by 45% and booted them from the park.part of the reason the city was so cavalier about the roadrunners' proposal was that there was another suitor. the united league was being formed by john bryant and byron pierce, the founders of the central league (it was born the texas-louisiana league), and they were interested in edinburg. they offered a more lucrative lease and, well, little else. a fledgling league, bryant and pierce at that time only had eyes on two other texas cities, harlingen and amarillo.so the legal wrangling began. the roadrunners immediately filed a lawsuit citing breach of contract against the city, seeking an injunction barring the city from working with another league. a week later, the team filed for bankruptcy protection; it couldn't very well sell tickets and sponsorships to cover its costs if it wasn't sure about its ballpark.the heart of the roadrunners' lawsuit was that the city had effectively modified its original lease, which called for four monthly installment of $12,500 during the summer, by accepting late payments. by setting that precedent, the city couldn't turn around and terminate the lease for more late payments, the team argued. all legalities aside, the roadrunners could have avoided this entire fiasco by making timely payments. annual rent of $50,000 is exceptionally reasonable for a facility built in 2001, and it's not as if the roadrunners were suffering at the gate.complicating matters--as if they needed it--was the central league's evolution into part of the american association. it's a long story that can be addressed later, but the long and the short of it was that five former members of the central league were leaving for the new american association. the san angelo colts jumped to the united league, and the jackson senators would ultimately fold. which left the old roadrunners without a league. of course, the american association said it could find a place for the old franchise if it won its legal battle.meanwhile, the new united league franchise set up shop in the only place it was allowed at the ballpark--the city's luxury suite overlooking the field. not that the team had much to work with. officially it was barred from saying it was the legal tenant of the stadium, so tickets and sponsorships were off the table. the team didn't even have a name or a general manager.well, on monday judge noe gonzalez issued a summary judgment in the breach of contract lawsuit--for the city and against the roadrunners. this allows the united league to begin setting up shop at the park, where it hopes to soon occupy the main offices. the league named a general manager, michael beasley, released a schedule, and hopes to announce a name shortly.the roadrunners? well, they're expected to appeal the ruling, though a summary judgment doesn't give much reason for optimism. still, underdog has heard one legal opinion familiar with the generalities of the case that the roadrunners may actually have a legal leg to stand on. then again, that would have required an actual trial, an unlikely scenario with a baseball season looming and the selling season dwindling.so what are the prospects for this as-yet-named team? they're off to a rocky start to say the least. area residents are rightfully leery about supporting a new team when they saw nothing wrong with the old one. it's almost february and opening day is may 16; there's a lot to get done in a very short time for an existing team, let along one that needs to do everything from designing a logo to putting it on uniforms, let alone finding players to fill those uniforms. add to the mix that beasley, who has a long resume in baseball and is coming over from arenafootball2, has never been a baseball general manager. the outlook is bumpy at best.and then there's the league itself, which may take an uneven path and make it downright treacherous. six teams are part of the united league's inaugural season and only one, san angelo, is a continuing operation. the others are all starting from scratch, though they all have minor league histories of varying level of success and recent failure. of course, the markets match their leadership. the texas-louisiana league under bryant's and pierce's nurturing vacated no less than nine markets in its first five years of operation, limping forward at that time with just seven teams. bryant left the circuit and pierce was later ousted. add to the mix brad and gary wendt, who helped bring professional baseball to central missouri in the form of the mid-missouri mavericks--only to suspend the team's operations after three remarkably unsuccessful years. at least the league has a flashy new, albeit only half-operational, web site.in the end, maybe everyone--from roadrunners to the city of edinburg to the united league--will get exactly what they deserve, which is a lot of nothing but memories and debt. unfortunately, the folks that lose out the most might be baseball fans. 



posted by underdog at 2:17 pm
0 comments






tuesday, january 24, 2006



	 
	 steelers fan teaches students about stupidity... by example
	 
    


underdog promised readers an insider's look at the business of sports. today is one of those days in which underdog will stray from that mission. this story is likely to become more of a punch line than anything else, but it was nevertheless eye-catching.on friday, beaver falls high school junior joshua vannoy walked into one of his honors classes wearing the jersey of his favorite player, former denver broncos quarterback john elway. unfortunately for him, it was two days before the broncos were to take on the pittsburgh steelers in the afc championship game... and beaver falls is less than 40 miles outside of pittsburgh. even worse, vannoy's teacher, john kelly, was expressing his allegiance by wearing the jersey of steelers quarterback ben roethlisberger. (as a side note, this conflict of quarterbacks' jerseys took place at a school that joe namath once led to the wpial title.)so kelly demonstrated that among the asinine, insensitive, self-centered teachers out there, he is the most asinine, insensitive, and self-centered. when vannoy sat at his desk, he was told by kelly to move to another. when vannoy did so, he was told to move again. "that's my desk," vannoy reportedly said, "and your books aren't allowed on my desk."where was the student supposed to sit for his midterm exam? on the floor, at the center of a circle of desks. other students had their tests handed to them; kelly threw vannoy's to him, scattering the papers across the floor.as one would imagine, vannoy was shaken. ridicule in high school is an unfortunate reality, but public ridicule from one's own teacher is an unexpected and shocking cruelty.but kelly wasn't finished. during the exam, he handed notebook paper out to the students and instructed them to "throw the paper at the denver fan." (some reports even have kelly using the words, "stinking denver fan.") as any good teacher would, he led by example, crumpling a paper and launching the first missile at vannoy, hitting him in the back of the head. when one of the girls in the class said she wasn't comfortable with this, kelly took her paper and tossed it at vannoy on her behalf.vannoy said he felt "dehumanized." traumatized by his treatment during the midterm, the national honors society member with a 3.8 grade-point average was unable to complete one-third of the test. after all, this was an honors ethnic relations class, where students are supposed to be taught about diversity and acceptance.kelly then went on to prove the adage, "better to have someone think you are a fool than to open your mouth and remove all doubt." he defended his actions as "silly fun" designed to teach a lesson. "i can't believe he was upset," he added. after all, kelly admitted, he had done the same thing to an indianapolis colts fan before the steelers faced that team a week earlier.amazingly, principal thomas karczewski was equally dim-witted. when confronted by the situation, karczewski replied, "'what do you want me to do? the worst i can do is probably write him up." vannoy asked for a retest, but the principal "blew him off."the issue has since been presented to the superintendent and the school board president. they have promised an investigation and condemned such actions in general, without admitting vannoy specifically was wronged by kelly.as has become customary in this litigious society, vannoy's family has since consulted attorneys about their next course of action. normally, underdog would roll his eyes about taking it to the courts, but in this case, he supports it wholeheartedly. in fact, he is disappointed that cruel and unusual punishment is outlawed. underdog has visions of kelly standing at the entrance to invesco field at mile high in denver, where legions of broncos fans wearing elway jerseys could march by and toss something--anything, so long as it hurts--at the teacher.of course, afterwards kelly would never be allowed to set foot in another school, let alone teach at one. after all, isn't it hard enough already to be a teenager and a high school student without throwing morons like john kelly into the mix? 



posted by underdog at 11:36 am
0 comments













about me




name: 
  underdog
who is underdog? and why should you care what he has to say? take a look at his profile to see for yourself.


view my profile



links

oursportscentral
baseball america

blogs i read

praeclarus beris

previous posts

underdog returns!
underdog returns with random disappointments
olympic hangover
thoughts following the super bowl
when we have nothing left to fight about...
world baseball classic update
baseball in edinburg makes washington, d.c. look o...
steelers fan teaches students about stupidity... b...
new moniker in tampa bay?
world baseball classic struggling through ineptitu...

archives

january 2006
february 2006
april 2006
december 2007

















 



