









homefinal - emlrc | lifesaving education for lifesavers

























































facebook




twitter




instagram


faemsmd
fcep
  
 
 










home
about

femf
board of directors
weekly enewsletter
emlrc/fcep/femf privacy and copyright policy
staff


education & events

online

bytes that you can view
emlrc online


events

als/bls competition
2024 florida pediatric ems symposium


other

joint sponsorship




florida pedready
resources

ems vaccine training kit


support

corporate partners 2025
partnership opportunities
donate to emlrc


contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 










the emergency medicine learning & resource center
 
 
 




 



 



 



 
 


 
 
 




membership news & announcements

 we moved!
 emlrc announces new permanent headquarters emlrc is pleased to announce the relocation of the femf/emlrc headquarters. emlrc remains immensely grateful for the generous contributions from our donors and the active participation of our members. please stay tuned for more updates. effective june 1, 2024, emlrc’s new permanent mailing address is: 400 n wymore rd. winter park, fl 32789 
faemsmd announces new 2024- 2026 officers 
congratulations to our 2024-2026 faemsmd officers!
president: marshall frank, do vice-president: christian zuver, md secretary-treasurer: david arbona calderon md, facep, faaem member-at-large (seat 1): angus jameson, md, mph member-at-large (seat 2): desmond fitzpatrick, md
we extend our gratitude to immediate past president, dr. benjamin abo, and outgoing member-at-large, dr. mike lozano, for their exceptional leadership and active engagement with faemsmd.

fcep & femf welcome returning corporate partners for 2025 


fcep & femf are pleased to welcome three corporate partners supporting our 2025 initiatives. please join us in thanking empros (em innovator level), as well as epcf and usacs (both em advocates), for their ongoing commitment to fcep programming and our mission. their generous support helps advance emergency medicine education, advocacy and professional development for our members.
 




welcome new faemsmd members!
 



join us in welcoming the newest members of the florida association of ems medical directors!






nathan roney, md — primary member, century ambulance (duval &amp; taylor county)
lauren murray — ems fellow, alachua county fire rescue
audrey hritz — medical student, burrell college of osteopathic medicine

thank you for your membership and for contributing to the advancement of ems in florida!

save the date: fcep-femf meetings & events
 please save the date and join us for these upcoming meetings and events! 
 
fcep & femf 2024-2025 calendar




resources







florida pedready program
free pediatric resources for ems agencies and emergency departments

 
 
visit now

 
 
 



about:
the emergency medicine learning & resource center (emlrc) is a non-profit organization dedicated to advancing emergency care through advocacy and education.
 
learn more

 
 
  

 
 
 







the florida emergency medicine foundation (femf), dba emergency medicine learning & resource center (emlrc), is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization that prepares florida and the nation for emergencies and disasters by educating and training emergency care providers.
femf’s sister organization, the florida college of emergency physicians (fcep), is a 501(c)6 medical specialty organization representing florida’s emergency physicians and the 10 million patients they serve every year.
 
 

address:
florida emergency medicine foundation 400 n. wymore rd. winter park, fl 32789
phone: (407) 281-7396
 
copyright 2022 | © florida emergency medicine foundation, unless otherwise noted. all rights reserved.
 
 

follow us:
 
followfollowfollowfollow
 
contact us

 
 
  

 

 








