







home — ultronic systems

































































 















 mequon, wi 53092
  262-250-1130 

info@ultronic.com











 


























search for:



 

home
news
about us
capabilities

hardware design
software design
rapid prototyping
manufacturing support


careers
contact us


home
news
about us
capabilities 

hardware design
software design
rapid prototyping
manufacturing support


careers
contact us
 
















































concept developmentyou’ve got a great idea. now what?

our process starts with listening and asking the right questions. our goal is to fully understand your vision, timeline, and budget. this is only the first step in our communication. we stay in constant contact to make sure we are in sync every step of the way.
view our solutionsdesign & prototypingyour idea begins to come to life.

our experts outline the design requirements needed to assess feasibility and to match your expectations of performance, schedule, and cost. we can create an early prototype on-site to validate your concept and plan for manufacturability.view our solutionsimplementationhere’s the fun part. 

our highly skilled team brings together your concept, the design requirements, and feedback from early prototyping to create a fully functioning product.view our solutionsverificationmaking sure it all goes according to plan. 

you don’t want to get to the manufacturing phase and then discover something is not right. we ensure all design requirements have been met and that the product has been properly tested. if necessary, we generate a pilot run to minimize your risk exposure.  
view our solutionsmanufacturing supportguiding you through the final step.

trust us to help you navigate the manufacturing process, starting with connecting you with a contract manufacturer that is the perfect fit for your product. we provide all the necessary data to efficiently manufacture your product—all while you retain control of your intellectual propertyview our solutions 



previous



next



















delivering innovative engineering design solutions for entrepreneurs and businesses 




























embedded systems
wireless communications
sensors & control
lower power design

 

						learn more						



























pc applications
mobile app development
graphical user interfaces
embedded software

 

						learn more						



























on-site prototyping
preliminary prototypes
pilot run capabilities
3-d printing & cad utilities

 

						learn more						



























network of manufacturers
manufacture-ready data
ongoing support
automated test fixtures

 

						learn more						




















whether you are seeking turnkey product development, or you need additional support for your engineering team, ultronic systems has the experience and expertise you need.






















key advantages




























 



experiencedwe have over 20 years of industrial expertise.










 



responsivewe always reply to client queries within 24 hours.










 



technologywe use advanced technology in all of our projects.






















ask the expert




what engineering projects are keeping you up at night? let us help.











 












your name *
 


your email *
 




your company
 


your phone number *
 




your message *
 
this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.



 























 



contact us 6316 eastwood courtmequon, wi 53092 united states
262-250-1130mon-fri, 9am until 6pm
info@ultronic.comwe reply within 24 hours


 












		        				© copyright 2020 — ultronic systems, inc. - privacy policy 









this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





                                necessary                            


necessary

always enabled 


necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.







































