


karen susman




































home
expertise

communication


- presentation skills
- networking skills
- communication styles
- building community   &nbspinvolvement
- witness preparation



delivery


- coaching
- training





about
clients






karen susman is not a dog trainer. but, have you ever felt you and the person you’re trying to communicate with are two different species?  you might as well be talking terrier. if you start panting when you have to speak to a group, converse face-to-face, lead meetings or network, karen will put you at ease. result: your message is received and acted on. now, that’s something to bark about!






coaching
 specific techniques to improve your communication issues. karen’s 30 years of experience created a vast toolbox to insure you’ll be your best.  witness preparation coaching helps witnesses shine in depositions and trials.

















her warmth and sincerity make karen’s message resonate in a way that sticks with you long after you’re back at your desk.
brandon babcockpast president iabc/iowasprudential



in the ten years i have been putting together these annual meetings, i’ve never received near the positive feedback that i have heard on your presentation.
michael wildvpparsons brinckerhoff



in just a few sessions, i made noticeable progress in my content, organization and delivery. i recommend you contact karen.
david cohndavid cohn and associates



i am more comfortable, confident, structured and clearer as a result of karen’s coaching. i have a long way to go, and will travel on that path with karen.
ned breslinceowater for people



i appreciate all the help you provided to get me to where i am!
glen daiggerpresidentinternational water association



every time i consider planning a conference or training, i think of karen first.
chuck reidcolorado city/county managers association



..a great deal of food for thought presented with energy, enthusiasm and humor…just what we needed!
robert felsburg, p.e.cceamerican council of engineering companies 



your presentation on networking was rated the number one session at the 56th annual roads & streets conference.
janice l. burnettexecutive directoracec arizona



you connected your remarks to managers’ specific duties. you emphasized points i suggested. you summed up our meeting for us. that’s what we wanted.
scott fishervp/hrroyal crest dairy, inc.



the reviews have been great! you helped make my presentation dynamic for me to give and for the audience to hear.
paula mccannkutak rock attorneys










karen susman
karen susman and associates
3352 s magnolia st.
denver, co 80224

phone: 888.678.8818
email: karen@karensusman.com

























privacy policy
all rights reserved for karen susman, copyright 2012-2025




