




los angeles wood arbors, decks, fences, gates & more













 










peter a. kirsch-korff

	      wood arbors, decks, fences & gates - builder
		   
los angeles      pasadena      hollywood      la canada     malibu  

 


home
portfolios & design guides

arbors
decks
fences
gates
treehouses
more


specialties

architectural styles
client designs
solutions
high quality
worry free
carved art


pricing

arbors
decks
fences
gates
treehouses
more


about

 philosophy & bio
how i work
testimonials
featured in
articles


contact








        


   
	     
	         	  
                   




beautiful wood arbors, decks, fences, gates & more
hi! i design and build   wood arbors, decks, fences, driveway gates, garden pergolas, pool equipment enclosures,    tree houses and more for   homeowners   in the los angeles area.
i build everything  on site, do all the work myself, and  work for one client at a time so i can make sure the work is done right and on time.  with over 25 years of woodworking experience, my specialties include solving design and building challenges, creating client inspired designs, matching existing structures, reflecting the architecture style of your home, and using high quality construction materials and methods.
i provide a lot of information  online so you can find the right builder for you. 



my online portfolio features 250+ photos of my work so you can see what i have built and the architectural styles i can enhance ... craftsman, modern, spanish bungalow, mission, southwestern,  mediterranean, cottage, and asian/fusion. 


my design guides help you get inspired, explore design options and set a budget based on your needs. 


 several  articles help you select the right wood, compare estimates, find the right builder and care for your new deck, arbor, gate or tree house.


to help you decide if i am the right  builder for you, i have included client testimonials and an in-depth look at my work philosophy and  how i work.  and if you want to check the current status of my contractor's license (# 701028), visit the california contractors state license board.


       if my work looks familiar, you may have seen it featured in a magazine or tv show. 





i look forward to interacting with homeowners who want to increase the beauty and value of their property.  please take a moment to  make sure you are comfortable with my prices and building schedule before you call me to set up an appointment. 
 
privacy policy & affiliate links
 
permission is granted to anyone who wants to 
    use my work for inspiration outside of the la area.
 


















arbors
decks
fences
gates
treehouses
built-ins & more





serving the los angeles area communities of altadena, arcadia, bel air, beverly hills, bradbury, brentwood, chino hills, claremont, diamond bar, encino, glendale, glendora, granada hills, hancock park, hidden hills, hollywood, la canada flintridge, la crescenta-montrose, los angeles, los feliz, malibu, monrovia,  northridge, north hills, pacific palisades, pasadena, pomona, porter ranch, rancho cucumonga, san fernando valley, san gabriel valley, santa monica, sherman oaks, silver lake, south pasadena, studio city, van nuys, west hills, west hollywood, westwood,  and 
        west los angeles. 
california licensed contractor #701028








portfolio & design guides
      specialties     articles     about     contact     related links     


©  2023 kirsch-korff.com      










