




lmi components


















home | about us | terms of sale | contact us    
            
			

















what is rohs? 
rohs is the acronym for restriction of hazardous substances. rohs, also known as directive 2002/95/ec, originated in the european union and restricts the use of specific hazardous materials found in electrical and electronic products. all applicable products in the eu market after july 1, 2006 must pass rohs compliance. 

what are the restricted materials mandated under rohs?
the substances banned under rohs are lead (pb), mercury (hg), cadmium (cd), hexavalent chromium (crvi), polybrominated biphenyls (pbb) and polybrominated diphenyl ethers (pbde). 

why is rohs compliance important?
the restricted materials are hazardous to the environment and pollute landfills, and are dangerous in terms of occupational exposure during manufacturing and recycling.

how are products tested for rohs compliance?
portable rohs analyzers, also known as x-ray fluorescence or xrf metal analyzers, are used for screening and verification of rohs compliance. 

which companies are affected by the rohs directive?
any business that sells applicable electronic products, sub-assemblies or components directly to eu countries, or sells to resellers, distributors or integrators that in turn sell products to eu countries, is impacted if they utilize any of the restricted materials.











 



 


 





product selection guide 













fixed printed circuit board terminal blocks
                                                            
                                                            




																pin spacings: 3.5mm through 18mm
															













spring contact printed circuit board terminal blocks
                                                            
                                                            




																pin spacings: 2.54mm through 10.16mm
															


















pluggable terminal blocks
                                                            
                                                            




																pin spacings: 3.5mm through 10.16mm
															













printed circuit board headers
                                                            
                                                            




																pin spacings: 3.5mm through 10.16mm
															


















din 41612 type d/e/f female connectors 32 & 48 pin
                                                            
                                                            


















din 41612 male & female printed circuit board connectors type d/e/f
                                                            
                                                            























edge card terminal block connector pcb & panel mount
                                                            
                                                            




																pin spacings: 5.08mm
															













panel mount & through chassis terminal blocks & connectors
                                                            
                                                            























pcb & panel mount barrier terminal blocks & strips
                                                            
                                                            




																pin spacings: 6.35mm / .374
															













din rail mounted interface modules flat ribbon / d-sub / relay
                                                            
                                                            























universal din rail mounted terminal blocks
                                                            
                                                            


















universal crimp terminal and lugs
                                                            
                                                            





















 


 



terms and conditions | privacy statement

© 2018, lmi components 
by simboliq 


 











