





best discount benefits




















reusable contact form using bootstrap and php - reusable form






















best discount benefits



home
providers
services
benefits
contact












best discount benefits
health savings and discount programs are your affordable alternative to control your expenses
read more








best discount benefits
discover how to save money and earn residual income by showing others how you did it!
read more








 
freedom solutions inc
fsi, the parent company of best discount benefits, was incorporated
            in 2000 and is now a virginia based financial services company.
 



best discount benefits
best discount benefits has carefully researched affordable health care savings and discount programs to bring you the best available. search, compare, and select from the services on this site. the services offered by best discount benefits are not insurance. 



 
smart consumer group
 the smart consumer group is an educational organization which will help you save more and spend less. it features a special section for veterans..
read more









our providers




 



 












our services






new dental choice
plans to save you money on your dental care.



call-a-doctor plus
no co-pay telemedicine with many extra added benefits.  



careington
many options to save on dental, vision, hearing, and muich more.











benefit details





 


call a doctor plus
call a doctor plus is an innovative health care program which gives you unlimited, 24/7 access to doctors and other industry professionals from the comfort and convenience of your phone or computer. it covers for your entire family. it's on-demand healthcare for the body, mind, and wallet!

telemedicine benefit with u.s. board certified doctors
telephone consultations
legal & financial advisors
medical bill saver
online worklife resources
wellcard discount card (a free prescription and healthcare discount card. enrollment in the call a doctor plus program is not required to enroll in the wellcard program.)

all this for one low monthly price of $19.95!



 


careington
don't let rising health care costs prevent you from receiving the care you need. with careington discount health care products, you save on dental care, vision care, telemedicine services, diabetes care supplies, chiropractic and alternative medicine, prescriptions, and more.
individual plans start as low as $8.95/month



 


new dental choice
save 15% to 60% on all your dental procedures with a dental discount plan
				  becoming a new dental choice dental discount plan member is affordable and easy!
individual plan $8/month    family plan $10/month




















get in touch
contact us







 send your message in the form below and we will reply to you as quickly as possible.


 name:



 email:



 message:


submit →

 sent your message successfully! 
 error sorry there was an error sending your form. 










about us
best discount benefits is a subsidiary of freedom  solutions, inc. (fsi), a virginia financial services corporation. fsi provides innovative financial programs with special emphasis on serving members of the military, veterans, federal employees, and small business owners.






contact information
best discount benefits

						  
					760-631-4300
						  
					  info@bestdiscountbenefits.com
privacy policy









            copyright © all rights reserved | this template is made with  by colorlib



















