


































ingram marine group






















home




who we are




services




resources




join our team




contact




documents













                            setting the river industry standard of excellence.                        











ingram's story
we have a rich history dating back to 1946.

get to know us



what we offer
ingram has an extensive portfolio of services.

find out more



towline
find the latest information on your shipment.

track your order



conditions
current traffic on the river.

today's report



questions?
let us point you in the right direction.

get started now
 





the reliable transportation solution

ingram transports dry and liquid commodities on over 4,500 miles of america’s inland waterways. with our meticulously maintained fleet and superior customer service, we can efficiently get your cargo to its destination.
request a quote









our goal is zero harm
at ingram, our associates are our most important and valuable resource.
over the years, we have developed training tools that have set the industry standard on safety.
find out more









work for the leading company on the inland rivers
interested in a career that is exciting and unique? we are looking for talented individuals to be a part of our dynamic team.




        why ingram?
    



        marine careers
    



        shore careers
    



        apply online
    
 












navigating a responsible course
did you know that barges are the most energy-efficient way to move commodities? ingram is committed to remaining an industry leader in environmental stewardship.


find out why barges are best
emissions calculator









                ingram marine group
            

                setting the river industry standard of excellence.
            


                headquarters
                615.298.8200
                4400 harding pike

                nashville, tn 37205
            

                paducah landing & career inquiries
                270.441.1600
                1000 s. third street
                paducah, ky 42003
            


                contact us
            



important links

request a quoteour servicescustomer resourcescareerstowlineingram company storemediacontact us








© copyright 2015 ingram marine group - all rights reserved            





 



 



 



 








