




matthew paper dds | compassionate dentistry
































410-531-6600

3900 ten oaks road, suite 5, glenelg, md 21737










home
our dentist
dental care

cosmetic dentistry

teeth whitening
veneers


tmj treatment


for new patients
specials and promotions
reviews
contact us
composite fillings
crowns
dental implant restorations
dentures
periodontal care
sealants
 














matthew paper dds
keeping your smiles bright and beautiful
            whether you are here to improve your smile with cosmetic dentistry, you are visiting for general dentistry services, or you are looking for a solution for sleep apnea or tmj disorders, we will ensure that your experience is positive and pleasant.
        





meet the staff
dr. paper graduated fromthe university of marylandat college park. 
read more


new patient forms
you can complete the formsonline or print them out foryour next appointment.
read more


see our specials
mention our website when youcall or visit our officeto receive our special offers
read more




your dentist in glenelg, maryland - welcome to the practice of
matthew paper. dds

welcome to our family and cosmetic dentistry practice in glenelg, maryland!
we believe in treating our patients like the wonderful individuals they are. you will never be viewed as another number in a chart. instead, dr. paper and our team members will talk with and actively listen to you. we want to know why you’ve come to us and the care you desire, so we can find the treatment approach that’s right for your situation.
every member of our long-standing, friendly team work together to help you and your family learn how to achieve healthier and more beautiful smiles in ways that are easy to understand. as a team, each of us is committed to providing you with the highest level of clinical and customer care. we’re here to help you, listen to you, support you, and encourage you. whether you are here to improve your smile with cosmetic dentistry or you are visiting for general dentistry services, tmj  disorder or are looking to straighten you teeth with invisalign®  we will ensure that your experience is positive and pleasant.
for almost 12 years, we have provided compassionate, experienced dentistry to the communities of glenelg, highland, clarksville, dayton, ellicott city, columbia, marriottsville, and the surrounding areas in maryland. our office is also convenient for those in woodstock, cooksville, mount airy, glenwood, sykesville, west friendship, and woodbine. we invite you to contact our office today to schedule your visit with our caring and compassionate dentist. together, we can help you achieve the healthy and radiant smile that you have always wanted.
we are a nextdoor favorite!!




schedule a appointment
to schedule an appointment, please contact us at: 

(410) 531-6600

 




	
    <!-- old footer style
	<div id="footer">
    
		home | 
our dentist | 
dental care | 
for new patients | 
specials and promotions | 
contact us | 
covid-19 update


xxx.xxx.xxxx | 
    		
xxxx x  xxxxx, xxxxx
xx xxxxx


        
		© copyright 2025 matthew paper dds. all rights reserved.




x




                        we are open, please review our covid-19 guidelines                    

here







