





	genogram software - genopro


















 
toggle navigation














home
download genopro
buy
articles
genoprox

genealogy

genealogy software
genogram software



help | support

starting my family tree
support forum
 our youtube channel
 our facebook page











  


genopro 2020
the best genealogy software for drawing family trees and genograms.





new medical records


                          we have a brand new medical history panel which allows you to keep history of medical records
                          of each individual in the genogram.  you can record vital signs, images, symptoms, diagnosis, and more.learn more...






new medical custom tags


                          included with the new medical history panel, we have included new custom medical tags.
                          with the custom tags, you can add any custom field that you wish to the medical history panel, giving you outstanding flexibility. learn more...







new infection tracking


                          the new medical history panel can create automatically new icon labels on your genogram related to the results of tests.  these
                          new icon labels can help you track viral infection propagation. learn more






new criminal history


genopro 2020 also includes a new criminal history panel which allows you to enter general criminal history information
                          and label an individual as being incarcerated allowing the viewer to quickly identify incarcerated individuals. learn more...








problem spotter


                          the problem spotter is a great to find errors in your family tree.  it runs automatically in
                          the background looking for potential issues or errors you might have in your family tree or genogram. learn more...






picture mode


                          the picture mode is a feature turning a regular family tree into a picture tree.  it's a great way to show a tree to someone who knows the faces but not the names. learn more...







contextual toolbar


                          the contextual toolbar is great feature that helps you build and expand your tree quickly by displaying common tools to add parents, spouses and children to a selected individual or family.  learn more...






report templates


                          the already powerful report generator has many improved templates that generate reports in html with picture albums, timelines, birthday calendars, interactive svg and to generate pdfs of your family tree. learn more...












                    get  genopro 2020 now!
                 

try it free (6.1 mb)
                 







what is genopro?



genopro is the most intuitive and complete family tree and genogram creation tool.
a genogram is a family tree that includes additional information about the relationships and the individuals. genograms are used by doctors, family therapists, genealogists, sociologists, social workers, researchers, and anyone who is
                    interested in discovering patterns and issues in a family. learn more about genograms by clicking here. 
genopro makes it easy to build simple family trees, but it also allows you to easily and quickly build complex family trees.  not all families are simple.




sample medical genogram displaying the test results of a virus








draw


                  draw intuitively, quickly, and easily your complete family tree. add pictures to create a picture album.
                





view


                  view the "big picture" of the family.  genopro can hold thousands of individual and relations easily.  regardless of how big or complex your family is, genopro can help you build the tree.
                





generate


                  generate and print detailed family reports with pictures in the language you want.
                




quote 33 of 60
“ i'll have to plug the (commercial, non-free!) software we're using, which took some time getting used to, but which has proven to be the nicest and most usable interface i've had to deal with in the field of genealogy software.”
christian reis (~kiko), process model for free software projectsuniversidade de são paulosao carlos, brazil




 





academic program
developers
privacy
contact
site map
terms & conditions
refund policy
















