


home - society for the preservation of old mills































skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








add me to your mailing list











member login
my shopping cart


 


shopping cart
cancel






share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter













home member signupomn news old mill news spoom grant program forumsmembership spoom grant program member signup printable applications who can join spoom benefits forumschapters spoom grant program canadian great lakes kentucky mid-atlantic northeast tide mill timsmills & milling spoom grant program bookstore forums mill rosters photo albums documents bookstore donationsabout us about us board of directors/staff history spoom grant program old mill news archives by-laws contact us who can join spoom


 




“spoom”
the society for the preservation of old mills
welcomes you
within these pages you’ll find information on our organization members, histories, and our programs that foster an appreciation of “mills” and their preservation as historical places in the american landscape. 
simply click on the page menus – about us, news, photos albums, etc. additional areas are coming soon. such as chapters, mill registry, among others. please note that our website is new and that additional information will be added in due time. your understanding is appreciated.
meanwhile, if not a member, 
we encourage you to consider becoming a “spoomer” 
and join in on the effort to keep alive our nation’s milling heritage.  
click here for:
member signup / information
on behalf of our membership –
charles yeske, presidentcheck out our
spoom group on
facebook




slideshow
home page mill album 01









slideshow
home page mill album 02







did you know?
 


members can:
1) add their own upcoming mill events to the 'events' calendar? 
 use the calendar button. 
2) add photo albums of favorite mill(s) and visits to mills.
3) read/join public and members' only discussion forums. 
plus create new topics about working with mills, equipment, methods or classifieds.

help share and preserve!




 




click the links if you have questions about
 logging in   passwords   invoices   payments/renewals

technical issues can be answered by calling
(866) 457-2582
7:30am - 6:00pm central time
if you have questions about spoom, policies, membership, activities, etc, 
go to our contact us page.




home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 







