

















how to buy carpet wisely and avoid scams








how                 
to buy carpet and flooring wisely
 
carpet
| pad |
installing |
recommended 
stores

 (free   
information by consumer advocate - no flooring sales)
 
how                             
to buy carpet wisely and avoid scams? 
 
if          
you're in the market for new carpeting but feel lost in a sea of confusion, the carpet professor is here to help you make wise and informed        
choices so you can feel confident making your selection and satisfied with your new carpet        
purchase from start to finish. notice:   
i don't sell or install carpet anymore. this website is for information purposes   
only. i retired in 2006 and now freely offer my 30+        
years of carpet knowledge & experience to consumers. i   
do not receive any revenue or commissions from your carpet purchase. support for   
my website is sustained through relevant ads for products & services i hope   
you find interesting. best                                             
places to buy new carpet?
i          
always recommend buying from a reputable locally-owned                                                     
carpet and flooring store. i                                                                           
never suggest buying carpet from big-box retailers like home depot or lowe's. i   
also suggest you avoid buying carpet from any                                         
nationally advertised                                                                           
"shop-at-home" retailers like costco and empire today. there are more          
advantages and less risk if you buy from a well-established, locally-owned carpet        
store.
          
                                                                                        
                                                                                              
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                 
1.                                                                           
new carpet is more costly than you might think!


if   
you think the price of a dozen eggs is high... most                                                                           
homeowners experience some degree of sticker shock when they discover the true                                                                           
"final cost" of buying new carpet, padding and installation. choosing                                                                           
the right materials and getting qualified installation is just part of the                                                                           
overall costs involved. there                                                                           
can be quite a few additional fees and charges to ensure                                                                           
your new flooring is installed properly. there                                                                           
can be unforeseen and unexpected installation costs you may                                                                           
encounter including: 


   removal of the old carpet &   
    pad, dump fees

subfloor   
    repair or dry-rot issues

door   
    trimming, baseboard adjustment or replacement

fixing   
    squeaky floors and loose steps & stairs

   installing   
    transition metals or custom                                                   
    thresholds, 

   tack-less removal and                                                   
    replacement,

   custom stair work and                                                   
    upholstery


some                                                                           
of these extra fees can be avoided if you can do some of the preliminary work                                                   
yourself, like removing all the old carpet and pad and hauling it away. these                                                                           
are just a few of the more common extra fees and charges you might encounter and                                                                           
can easily add up to hundreds or more when buying new flooring of any type. if                                                                           
you plan on replacing your carpet or flooring in a mobile home, you can expect                                                                           
to pay a bit more for installation costs and floor preparation fees. how much                                                                           
does carpet installation cost?
 
 
2.                                                                           
unscrupulous carpet retailers
there                                                                           
are literally dozens of retail carpet scams you need to watch out for. one of                                                                           
the more common scams is to over-measure your material needs. this is a scam          
when it is intentional. some          
salespeople are not very good at measuring and might over-measure you due to a          
lack of experience. this is why it is wise to have your measurements verified.          
getting at least 3 free bids/estimates is one way to try to verify your material          
needs. 
 
being                                    
over-measured                                                                           
means you will also be overcharged for padding and installation too since the                                                                           
total price you pay is based upon the total amount of material you require.
most                                                                           
homeowners don't know exactly how much material they actually need for                                                                           
their flooring project. for example: if you actually need 100                                                                           
yards of carpet for your home... a                                       
sly salesperson may say you need 110 yards of                                                                           
carpet. if you are over-measured by just 10 yards, you stand to                                                                           
overpay by $500 or more.
 
have                                   
you been over-measured?   you should always get several estimates or bids from local                                                                           
retailers. this gives you the ability to compare estimates side by side to                                                                           
determine who you want to do business with, based on several factors. how                                                                           
to measure for carpet in 4 simple steps 
 
 
3.          
avoid common carpet scams 
homeowners                                                                           
need to know what pitfalls to watch out for and how to avoid common carpet                                                                           
buying mistakes, sneaky sales tricks and common sales gimmicks. i will also                                                                           
show you how to recognize and avoid common scams and rip-offs. it's                                                                           
very easy for unsuspecting homeowners to become a victim of a carpet scam. to                                                                           
avoid this, you need to be aware of these sneaky tricks and lies carpet sellers                                                                           
use to deceive you. 
 

#1                                                                           
the carpet fiber scam
they tell you polyester is just as durable as nylon.    
about carpet    
fibers
 
#2                                                                           
the measuring scam
they over-charge you for materials and labor.    
how to avoid carpet    
measuring scams
 
#3                                                                           
the installation scam
they offer free basic installation then add on more fees                                                                           
later. carpet    
from lowe's or hd?
 

take                                        
your time!  do some comparison shopping by visiting a few local carpet retailers.                                                                           
take several carpet samples home with you and also take them with you from store                                                                           
to store to compare. choosing the right carpet for your home will be time                                                                           
consuming, and often be complicated and frustrating for you. getting a fair                                                                           
& square price for your entire carpet job will require that you do some                                                                           
reading about carpet specifications and learn about the fibers they use to make                                                                           
carpets. 
 
 
4.         
get qualified carpet installation
carpet                                                                          
installed improperly can easily lose half of it's intended lifespan. you need to                                                                          
make sure your carpet is installed correctly. if you hire an independent                                                                          
carpet installer, you will need to check                                                                          
your carpet installer's references, make a few phone calls, verify your                                                                          
state contractor requirements. verify their surety bond, state license,                                                                          
business liability insurance and even verify their workers' compensation                                                                          
insurance policy. 
 
if                                                                          
you buy from a reputable carpet dealer they will provide installation and use                                                                          
their own qualified installers to do the job. this is the best way to avoid                                              
carpet installation problems, and you don't have to verify all their                                        
information.


how much does carpet                                                                          
installation cost? 

   how to get qualified carpet                                                                          
installation?

10                                        
    questions to ask every carpet installer.pdf


 
5.         
choose the right grade of carpet and padding.
the                                                                          
retail carpet marketplace has changed so dramatically over the past 35 years                                                                          
that few homeowners today have a clue about how to select the proper grade of                                                                          
carpet for their home. get it wrong and you stand to lose thousands. 
 
my                                                                          
research reveals that about 74% of all homeowners end up choosing the wrong                                                                          
grade of carpet or padding to meet their needs and goals. i also find that                                                                          
about 84% of homeowners end up with a poor-quality installation job. most                                                                          
homeowners don't spend enough money to buy the right grade of carpet and soon                                                                          
become unhappy with their  carpet durability and                                                                         
performance.
 
 
carpet                                                                          
longevity vs. carpet cost
how                                                                          
long do you want your new carpet to last? 5 years, 10 years, 20 years? not                                                                          
all carpets are created equal so you need to learn how to choose the right                                                                          
carpet based on how well it is constructed. that means you need to learn all                                                                          
about carpet specifications and how to interpret                                                                          
them. 
 
don't                                                                          
make the costly mistake of buying new carpet and padding                                                                          
until you learn how to select the right grade of carpet to meet your needs and                                                                          
goals. i                                                                          
highly recommend you start by taking my                                                                           
carpet foot traffic test to see what grade of carpet you need to buy. you want to                                                                          
choose a carpet and padding that is capable of tolerating your                                                                          
level of foot traffic for as many years as you desire.
 
key to getting a great carpet deal!


1.                                                                          
  expert advice about carpet                                                                          
  selection
2.                                                                          
  how to get accurate measuring
3.                                                                          
  how to get qualified carpet installation
4.       
  current carpet cost and special deals

most                                                                          
consumers get it wrong with at least one or more of these critical areas. the                                                                          
truth is, most consumers don't know what makes one                                                                          
carpet better than another? i receive plenty of emails from homeowners                                                                          
who have bought the wrong carpet and want me to help them try to make it right. usually                                                                          
it's already too late. don't become a victim of a scam!
 
 
secrets                                                                          
to buying new carpet wisely
you                                                                          
must choose the right grade (quality) and style of carpet as is predetermined by                                                                          
your own specific needs, goals and lifestyle. the only way to determine this                                                                          
effectively is to have a fundamental understanding of carpet                                                                          
specifications. this                                        
includes face-weight, pile height, tuft twist, fiber type                                                                          
and how they affect carpet durability and longevity. other factors that                                                  
you may want to consider are anti-static and anti-stain properties of the carpet in                                                                          
question. how much                                                                          
does new carpet cost?
 
 
secrets to        
your carpet success
not                                          
only must you hire a qualified carpet installer, you must also choose the right                                          
grade of carpet and padding too. just as important is making sure you buy from                                          
an honest and reputable carpet and flooring dealer. that's how to purchase new carpet                                          
like a pro! see                                          
who i recommend near you.
 
when            
it comes to shopping for carpet, it's important to be aware of the best and worst            
places to shop. you don't want to wander into any place that is known for using        
shady sales gimmicks. while many carpet retailers are honest and reputable, there are            
unfortunately some who use sneaky sales tactics and scams to take advantage of            
unsuspecting homeowners. top           
10 best places to buy carpet
 
learn       
more:


choosing                                                                         
    the right carpet                                                                         
    style

about 
    carpet                                                                         
    measuring

choosing                                                                         
    the right carpet padding

all                                        
    about carpet                                                                         
    specifications

definition                                                                         
    of free basic carpet                                                                         
    installation

carpet seams - how to measure, build and create

carpet              
    seaming diagram pdf
                                                                       
 

