

radiocom radio electronic consulting services





this is  radiocom.net... in marshfield,
massachusetts where
the very first voice radio
broadcast took place in 1906 thanks to prof. reginald a. fessenden 

rf and electronic help available here !!  d.c. to light.....

imagineering-consulting 
dc    
      to rf to light projects.
cost effective one of a kind products.  e-mail     
to vze43pw7 (at)  verizon.net  for details... 
  
some local pages; 

   
marshfield,   
massachusetts  - a historical time line from 1600..   
marshfield taxpayers assn..
 
reginald a. fessenden
    
- radio pioneer - made world's first radio broadcast.. w1frv    
radio society...   
fred   
seitz  - biography of reg. fessenden   
deluge civilization - writings of prof. reginald a. fessenden 
tesla
    
- first ac electricity genius and more...
u.s. naval aviation squadron vx6  in the antarctic..    
operation deep freeze... 

  
u.s.c.g.   
communications station     
 - marshfield - nmf 
first  
trans-atlantic underseas  
cable.... 
nantucket     
lightship... wvl-612...
stonehorse lightship - a local man's version... 
 
radiocom.net 
antennas, accessories, custom work... 
consulting, outsourcing    
and manufacturing shop 
can you use some    
electronic/technical/rf help on a short term project but cannot justify hiring someone full time?? we have rent-a-tech    
services that may fit your bill... sometimes it just requires    
another opinion from someone who is not in the 'middle' to see    
improvements and cost lowering reworks.. the local cottage    
industry can also help with those light manufacturing items too..  vze43pw7    
@ verizon.net

    


   
dave riley - aa1a 
  radio free marshfield, massachusetts, usa   
former ham radio    
calls/stations: w1aai-w4odr-kg4aa-kg4bl-kc4usx-k1nap-w3pqt-w1mma
   
     
commercial station work: wbz -   
kdka - wowo - wplm       
former    
shipboard assignments: khlx-wghk-kigp-wlde-wnlh-wzje-wdzc-wcjy
kftu-wjmv-kpfd-ksbk-knfd-ksbg-wldf-ntnr   
kc4usx -    
k1nap operation    
deep freeze, u.s. navy  1964-1967
  

marshfield,   
mass.  is just south of    
boston on the coast where reginald fessenden performed radio magic in 1906 by making the   
first public   
radio voice broadcast . keeping the spirit of experimenting live has    
lead me to many  interesting positions in life and i thank    
the forefathers of our vocation/avocation for a swell work    
career. among many interests here are:

electronic/rf prototyping,   
consulting and outsourcing at: radiocom.net
.
 
merchant   
marine  "sparks"..now gmdss instructor and maintainer..am  retired from sailing as a    
radio/electronics officer with arco marine.. it was the last of    
the commercial telegraph jobs.. here is some info on the new gmdss    
system as well as remaining cw operations as they exist..february    
1, 1999 was the official start of the gmdss system and the end of cw.     
check this shoreside history memorial.. http://www.radiomarine.org/ 
laser communications.. this is one of the remaining amateur   
forefronts dedicated to the art of improvement.. the basic   
technology hasn't changed much in 30 years but surplus components
are now affordable.. how about   
building a simple laser set-up..??.. building laser comms using   
voice, data, sub carrier and range techniques is fun and   
educational... check out the www.qsl.net
 

'  
laser-reflector' and the very comprehensive laser home pages of  
k3pgp... here is a local effort at modulating a   
solid state laser diode.  this circuit controls laser current and modulation at base-band as well as sub carrier frequencies. it has been used with  
a 3 milli-watt printer diode that communicates for many miles and  
also a 30 milli-watt that reflects signals from clouds and 'other'  
layers..  
there are various ways to get from point a to point b with a computer... some  
are interested in cutting the twisted pair ethernet wires and inserting lasers,  
microwave, part-15 devices, etc.. imagination, the last frontier... 
lowfer band communications..   
this
  
baseband transverter used   
with the subcarrier laser equipment has other uses. it makes an   
all mode transceiver covering 0-500 khz. out of a hf amateur   
transceiver by using the transverter port. this will allow the   
reception of whistlers, vlf, part 15, fema, boulder nist 60 khz.,   
european broadcasting, aero beacons, lowfer band, dgps stations,   
the 500 khz. cw marine band and even the new 136khz  band.   
here is a jpeg image of the prototype.   
if you are interested in low band comms  then check out the longwave   
club of america    and the 'lowfer reflector' on  www.qsl.net

antennas.. once in the antenna manufacturing business, my   
best seller was known as the aa1a sidekick because it mounted on   
the top or side of a mast or tower or the side of a building, was   
ruggedly built and outperformed like antennas tested against it..   
it was essentially two half waves in phase and is a real   
performer on vhf-uhf.. since then another idea hit using this   
type of  phasing and mounting.. i call it a double up-side-down   
'j' pole.. this is a  pix   
of 2 stacked side by side which gives lots of gain fore and aft   
in 2 lobes with about 8 to 10 db in on the sides. it is like the   
sidekick except the half wave elements are separated by a half   
wave space, affording more gain.. the prototype   
 connected to a ht and walked through the woods   
gets full quiet from stations down on cape cod about 30 miles   
away at ground level. this antenna remains the best performer in   
its class and uses brass/copper construction allowing it to stay   
up in new england salt air for many years..    
best antenna here.. after   
years of fooling around with various wire antennas, beams and verticals i   
finally can say that the best overall performing wire antenna is the 'loop   
skywire' by dave, w0mhs, this was arrived at by accident here in consequence of   
hearing so many good reports about the g5rv style that i decided to build a 160m   
versions which would be just right for me. it was a disappointment except on 40m   
where it was really designed but had much qrn compared to the vertical full wave   
loop.  i tried to justify keeping it up but something had to go. i tried   
230 ft. ( 1/2 wave @ 160m ) of heavy wire connected to the ends of the 160/g5rv   
'inverted vee' configuration' which made for a 430ft. horizontal loop up about 70   
ft. it is a little short of design length for 160 but performs just fine. the   
received noise is way down just like on the other loops but performance seems to   
go up by the band. ten meters may be open but i snag the weakest i can hear   
which is better than with the 80m loop, the 250 ft. end fed wire and even the   
multi-band beam.. i took the 80m loop down, will remove the multi-band beam and   
leave the 250ft. wire for use as a tuned parasitic... so, call it a modified   
g5rv/160/w0mhs and that's where it came from thanks to innovative hams there is   
always something to think over..  am developing a few rules about antennas:   
1. never use a marconi ( vertical ) except on a ship or at salt water.   
2. use loops if you want to have less electrostatic noise in your receiver plus   
some gain.   
3. use loops or wire antennas especially over poor conducting earth like here @   
02050 where silica sand is most lossey.   
4. the more wire, the better. you can always attach a relay or two to get you   
fed more around the loop in the case of directional issues.   
5. a compound bow and arrow with 3/8th deep socket over point will let you shoot   
a light weight monofilament line from a reel  right over the top of any   
tree and right down the other side where you can hoist your lanyard. forget   
springs, pulleys, extra line as the soft branches are the spring. don't forget   
to pull through back and forth from time to time if tree 'grows' around your   
line.  
 am developing a few rules about antennas:   
1. never use a vertical except on a ship or at salt water or vhf/uhf.   
2. use loops if you want to have less electrostatic noise in your receiver plus some gain.   
3. use loops or wire antennas especially over poor conducting earth like here @ 02050 where silica sand is most lossey.
4. the more wire, the better. you can always attach a relay or two to
get you fed more around the loop in the case of directional issues.
5. a compound bow and arrow with 3/8th deep socket over point will let
you shoot a light weight monofilament line from a reel right over the
top of any tree and right down the other side where you can hoist your
lanyard. forget springs, pulleys, extra line as the soft branches are
the spring. don't forget to pull through back and forth from time to
time if tree 'grows' around your line.   
73s de dave - aa1a -

 
stealth antennas.. modern
day apartment dwellers and home owners who are restricted by antenna
laws should not give up. heavy copper tubing well bent and tuned can
compete with larger outdoor antennas. don't loose your signals because
of the law. i work european stations on hf keyboard and can say that a
well tuned small indoor antenna sounds louder than some of the aluminum
moonrakers. soon i will post a pix and info on a small indoor medfer
transmit antenna with very high 'q' and low dc losses making it a
better performer than wire antenna equivalents. see www.radiocom.net 
loop antennas.. this is another subject lying dormant for   
years and who knows the historical roots of this very useful   
antenna that reg fessenden invented  here at brant rock.. if   
you listen to the 160m ham band right down to vlf then this quiet antenna  is for you and it takes far less space than a  
beverage . it can be rigged as a very directional e probe or a  
larger loop covering vlf through mf and using combinations of  
sense phasing make deep nulls towards the offending noise and  
qrm.. for instance, beacon 'qi' in yarmouth, ns on 206 khz. is  
10db over s9 here and if nulled out with the loop/wire  
combination, 'disappears' into white noise and then i hear 'ore'  
in orange, mass., otherwise no trace of 'ore'.. 
accurate frequency  
reference.. build a poor   
man's cesium clock..    
what this amounts to is a loopstick or active antenna that is   
tuned to the loran 'c' pulses on 100 khz...  the various prf   
rates are sub-multiples of 100 khz.. therefore if you use your   
local 100 khz. reference as the sync input to your scope then you   
can 'strobe' the loran signals on the trace and adjust your   
reference to 'stop' the pulses from drifting across the trace   
thus emulating 'your' cesium clock at nist.. the same idea works well on 60khz. wwvb from boulder,   
colorado.   i choose nantucket loran-c- as it is much   
closer and probably has less phase error.. the stability usually   
comes out to about 30 hz. at 10ghz.. 
coherent 'bpsk' information is available on  the   
www.qsl.net  'bpsk' reflector, and ve2iq has the latest free download of the coherent   
communications program...this package also makes a nice fft and   
audio spectrum analyzer all via your serial port.. i have been   
using the coherent program for years and believe me it is nice to   
be able to run 20 watts  underneath loud qrm/qrn and still   
print data even though you cannot hear the signal..  it really digs into the noise... 
10 ghz.  
ssb/cw..hilltopping.. dx.. start  
with the wa1mba pages for some top shelf  
microwave bending.. surplus 'bricks' and other microwave surplus  
from the cold war is making stable cw/ssb/fm operation on this  
band a reality. 250 milliwatts and a 1 foot dish make a nice  
hilltop rig that runs into any vhf transceiver as the i.f.. this  
unit has made 275 mile qso's.. it is especially popular when your  
operating from a rare grid square.. 
home brew spectrum  
analyzer.. the poor   
man's version     
is a real fun project with much learning and usefulness.. the   
unit  sees from 10 to 700 mhz.. and outputs into your   
simplest of 'o' scopes.. there are many cool mods to make it do   
much more..... this is one of my all time fun, useful projects as   
well as being cost effective.. i added afc and was able to   
tune/lock into comms from hf to uhf.. i leave it running so that   
28 mhz. is at the left and approx.150 mhz is on the right hand   
side of the trace.. once as i was testing this out on the 'ss   
arco alaska' in the pacific, all kinds of spikes were rising up   
across the entire trace.. i went and turned on the crew tv and   
saw calgary, denver, and phoenix tv all full quiet..  the   
'e' skip was wide open.. good dx catcher/alarm..!!.. 
surplus conversions.. what a feeling it is to take an old boat  
anchor and turn it into something useful.. i recently found a  
very clean navy rak vlf-mf receiver that had one owner since ww2  
and had never been issued to the fleet.. the first thing i did  
was dis-connect and discard the remote vacuum tube power  
supply... the entire receiver looks as good as new with all the  
tubes in place but built onto the tube socket of each stage is a  
fet transistor, 2 resistors and a capacitor.. now the entire  
receiver runs on a 9v transistor battery and sounds great..

stonehorse  
lightship wal-501 is history and one of those iron ships that stood watch in   
nantucket sound until 1951...

u.s.s. salem - the ww 2 heavy cruiser is alive in the   
quincy, mass. shipyard and is well represented by local hams. the   
ship's call sign  k1usn formerly niqy can be heard on the   
bands during operations. come visit the several radio rooms   
aboard.. 
marconi radio club - w1aa - visit the foremost page of the very active  
marconi radio club with their on air events and historical  
information.. 
cw -  
telegraph and related  
organizations such as the society of wireless  pioneers  and the  veteran  
wireless operators association 
 are going strong if cw is your liking..   
these fine organizations are two ways to keep the interest in a   
lost art.. no matter what the general feelings concerning cw out   
in the ham community, here are two friendly venues...



    
73s from dave riley - aa1a -  vze43pw7     
(at)   verizon.net

    
  

