


















	forte bank

















skip to main content














careers




resources


>

locations




contact










blog




about us






















personal



checking


freestyle checking


interest checking


primetime checking


deposit rates




savings & money market


statement savings


choice savings


kids club savings


teens with green club 


community choice money market


deposit rates




cds, hsas, & iras


certificates of deposit


health savings account


individual retirement accounts


deposit rates




online & mobile banking


online banking & bill pay


mobile banking


mobile deposit


zelle




debit & credit cards


debit cards


greenlight



greenlight faq









credit cards




more banking services





business



we're in business to build yours


checking


small business checking


small business checking plus


business checking


business debit cards 


deposit rates




savings & money market


business statement savings


business community choice money market


business community investor money market


deposit rates




cds & hsas


business certificates of deposit 


health savings account


deposit rates




commercial lending


commercial loans


equipment leasing


municipal equipment leasing


agricultural loans


sba loans




business online & mobile banking


employee benefit banking


business credit cards


cash management





lending



mortgage loans


home equity loans and lines of credit


mortgage center


get preapproved


loan status


meet our mortgage lenders


mortgage rates




consumer loans


auto, boat, & personal loans


meet our consumer lenders


consumer loan rates




commercial lending


commercial loans


equipment leasing


municipal equipment leasing


agricultural loans


sba loans


meet our commercial lenders




apply for a mortgage





investment services




take our mortgage quiz




community connection



























connect with us










































financial calculators




online loan center




open account





consumer education




ag financial statement




individual financial statement






resource center
simply click on one of the topics to learn more about it!









community center




we remain committed to your financial security. we will use this space to keep you up-to-date on how you can protect yourself from online fraud, identity theft, phishing scams and other security topics.



online safety tip reminders


                by 
                jen novotny
                 | may 29, 2019
            

	protect yourself against hackers and online identity thieves.

read our online safety reminders for more information.


















“your community bank.  your opportunity bank.”

all of us at forte bank believe strongly that community banking offers customers and the community a tremendous value. our customers deserve the best in financial services and we work hard to achieve that.
read more about forte bank




learn about us









testimonials








tammy was super friendly and made my car buying process easy.
kathleen e.


nothing better than working with a local bank. tammy took care of me from day one and was meticulous about the details! i've been a long-time customer and that will never change!
steve r.


tammy made the entire process quick and easy. she explained everything in detail and was very professional throughout.
cindy k.


i chose forte bank because it’s been my bank my whole life. i wouldn’t go anywhere else!!
 david g.


wendy was excellent to work with. we highly recommend forte bank.
scott and heidi m.


forte bank is great! lori made the process of getting a loan to purchase my first home very smooth and easy.
jarid b.


i must add a note regarding your wonderful employees at forte bank. they are friendly, welcoming, and fun to visit. i rarely use the drive-thru because i’d rather pop inside and say hello.
carol s.


thank you, lori for assisting in the purchase of my home. besides being a lender, you have become a good friend and sounding board for advice and direction regarding wise options and decisions for my finances.
 carol s.


forte bank is a great bank. we loved working with forte bank and lori mihm.
ryan a.


process was easy, fast, great communication throughout the process.
lori h.


wonderful experience. would highly recommend.
sue o.


lori was amazing! she made this process so easy and painless. thank you!!!
 danielle w.


we are so fortunate to have found a bank that was so dedicated to making the loan process so easy and understandable! everything was explained in detail and all of our questions were answered. the atmosphere was so welcoming and wendy and the team definitely strived for excellence. we are looking forward to continuing our relationship with forte bank as we move forward in building our family's forever home!
brenda r.


it was great working with lori and forte bank. we're looking forward to living in hartford and banking at forte bank!
joe k.


we have been customers for years, and will be in the future. wendy is wonderful to work with and always goes the extra mile.
kyle a.


it was a very smooth process and wendy was great to work with. thanks forte bank!
mitch w.


friendly, helpful, easy and the best customer service. it honestly was such a pleasant experience!
maggie g.


wendy was awesome! so patient and professional.
joanne p.


wendy was very helpful, friendly and responsive.
kacie a.


everyone is very friendly and accommodating! wendy is so helpful and patient, and explains everything.
jody w.


we would highly recommend forte bank. wendy was great to work with, and the service was fast, friendly and efficient!
pat m.


it has been a pleasure to work with forte bank. lori is very friendly and did a great job!
jeri l.


we are so happy to have purchased a new home for the third time! lori mihm at forte bank has been great to work with for all of our financing needs over the years.
margie s.


lori was so easy to work with! she immediately got to work and got my loan approved. she alleviated all of the stress of purchasing a home!
bonnie l.


wendy was very supportive and helpful throughout our loan process!
heather c.


lori is amazing! so knowledgeable and very easy to work with. she makes you feel like you are the most important person in the world. i highly recommend working with her. you won't regret it!
sara m.


forte bank backed us from the beginning. we wouldn’t have gone anywhere without them.
frank campana
the nutman company


at forte bank, we feel like our business really matters to them. if we were at a big bank, we would be a number, but at forte bank, they make us feel important and that means a lot to us. we feel like we have a partnership with them. they want us to succeed and they really care about our business.
rick schmitz
little switzerland


i have a personal relationship at forte bank. from the bank president down to the tellers, everyone is supportive of me. they are always friendly and attentive to my needs. they come to the restaurant and that keeps us all like a family.
cynthia sieloff
perc place


we feel confident that we have chosen a bank that is working with us as a team to help our business. they know us, they know who we are and what we are doing, and it’s obvious that they’ve made a personal commitment to do everything they can for us.
wendy smith
faith & giggles


forte bank has been an excellent partner and wonderful to work with. we’ve established personal relationships with the people there. we can put faces with names, and we know that we can ask anyone a question and we’ll get an answer.
mike patenaude
d&m auto body


forte bank is a great bank with great people. they make you feel at home. i highly recommend them.
dave s.


i love this bank. they are always friendly, always helpful and always patient.
marilyn r.


the staff at forte bank are the friendliest around and are fast, courteous, and accurate.
sheryl s.


forte bank has awesome customer service!
sandy v.


i had a closing with them in spring and it was organized and went very smoothly.
kari k.
realtor


we are long-time customers and always happy with the service we receive. everyone is so friendly. they greet me by name when i walk in the door, and they’re very efficient and helpful. i highly recommend forte bank!
mary m.


i love forte bank. the customer service is terrific. it's so nice to have a hometown bank where they know you by name when you walk through the door.
jennifer r.


all of the employees at forte bank are friendly and helpful via phone or in person. i don't know what more anyone could ask for from their bank. forte bank has it all and i'm more than happy to recommend them to friends and family.
debbie f.


i love forte bank because they take care of all my banking needs and usually without me having to go there. i've been with them since i opened my first checking account more than 30 years ago! my husband and i have since taken out car loans, home loans and equity loans, and they also handle our savings and investment accounts.
debbie f.


forte bank is the best bank you could ever imagine. there are friendly staff in all locations who know your name and will help you with anything!!! a #1 bank in my opinion. i will never leave.
lynn p.





















grün hexe

“everyone at forte bank is so 'midwest nice.' that's always a positive for me, especially coming from the hospitality industry." — ashley gregoriou, co-owner, the grün hexe


read more about the the grün hexe




small business spotlight













hartford office: 262-673-5800
richfield office: 262-628-5500
slinger office: 262-644-7606
west bend office: 262-450-4200
milwaukee lpo (by appointment only): 
262-224-7783













aba routing #: 075902463 nmlsr id#: 409428




privacy policy
terms & conditions
us patriot act
contact us
secure upload center
site map

















website design by lkcs



© 2024 forte bankloans subject to credit approval.
















   



