











maryland humanities











































skip to content

menu







search for:






home





about us

about us
mission, vision & values
our impact in maryland
our staff & board
our partners
2023 annual report
jobs & other opportunities



you are an integral part of our success. see what you made possible in 2023.
 



programs


programs
maryland center for the book

maryland at the national book festival
route one reads


maryland history day

about the contest

district competitions
maryland history day 2025 state contest
special prizes
maryland history day winners
maryland honorees at national history day


for students

get feedback and support
research days
sample projects


for teachers

outreach and professional development
teaching with primary sources at maryland humanities
sign up for teacher enews


for parents
for judges and other volunteers
frequently asked questions


museum on main street

spark!
past museum on main street tours


one maryland one book

top 3: one maryland one book 2025
how to participate
partner hub
free e-books of one maryland one book selections
about the 2024 one maryland one book
one maryland one book feedback
read & response
past picks
faqs


regional humanities networks

regions
events
resources


veterans book groups
past programs
 


congratulations to the 7 maryland students who earned national history day recognition!
 



grants

grants
become a grant reviewer
awarded grants
past grant special initiatives



spark dialogue and stimulate the thoughtful exchange of ideas. apply for a grant.
 



ways to give

ways to give
donate

our donors
judy dobbs fund for history


advocate

the heart of the matter


volunteer



learn how you can help ensure that the humanities continue to shape maryland's future.
 



news & resources

news & resources
news
racial equity
lunch with lindsey
blog
video highlights
sparks of inspiration
press kit
enews sign-up
covid-19


latest blog postnational poetry month wrap-upapril 28, 2024 



events




donate
sign up for news 





maryland humanities






 



one maryland one book celebrates its milestone 15th year with naima coster’s what's mine and yours.
learn more 







get inspired
view all programs







leveraging partnerships, building resili


regional humanities network
working with local communities, we provide opportunities for partners located across maryland to collaborate, share resources, build capacity and demonstrate the value of humanities work in their communities.








sharing the love of books statewide


one maryland one book
encouraging a love of reading and a deeper sense of community, one maryland one book is like a statewide book club. every marylander is invited to participate through one of the hundreds of events happening around the state.








influencing the future through the past


maryland history day
in a friendly competition, students in grades 6-12 immerse themselves in a facet of history that interests them by researching it in-depth and presenting it in a creative way.








a spotlight of maryland's rich heritage


museum on main street
this unique cultural collaboration between the smithsonian institution and maryland humanities brings high-quality traveling exhibitions to small communities across the state, who make locally focused companion exhibits.








connecting veterans through literature


veterans book group
veterans book groups aim to bring veterans of all eras together to talk about military experiences and returning to civilian life while providing an informal, supportive environment for discussion, spurred by the shared reading of literature.








explore baltimore literary history


literary mount vernon walking tour
a guided walking tour through baltimore’s mt. vernon neighborhood visits the homes and haunts of some of our state’s literary legends, providing insights into the contexts and influences of their work.








celebrating books & literary heritage


maryland center for the book
with our network of partners, mcfb develops and supports literary programs that promote and celebrate books, reading, libraries, maryland writers, and the state’s literary heritage.








sharing stories, building community


maryland voices
maryland humanities brings oral history training to schools and communities with maryland voices, an oral history project led by maryland humanities staff and trained oral historians.













see our latest
view all news






literary walking tour
explore sites of interest in baltimore’s mount vernon cultural district on an upcoming saturday. learn more.



 




blog post

national poetry month wrap-up

april 28, 2024





blog post

problem-solving & finding human connection through history day

april 16, 2024







                      in the news                    

nearly $400,000 in federal funding awarded to chesapeake bay conservation efforts in maryland

december 20, 2024





                      press release                    

maryland humanities supports 90 nonprofit organizations with general operating funding

december 20, 2024





                      press release                    

bethesda and frederick residents join board of statewide nonprofit

december 5, 2024






events
view all events













					there are no upcoming events.					




















“this oral history experience was amazing. i learned so much and will never forget this. i loved it, i was super skeptical at first. i felt like we had a lack of planning but i think everything went so great.”

​standing together: veterans oral history project, student participant 



“the program has definitely helped me refocus on caring for patients versus helping physicians treat their diseases.”

​literature & medicine participant 



“again it was a wonderful experience with your students and a great project for them. to see and talk to real vietnam vets is important to get real stories. you have a lot of work to do but it is a really worthwhile experience for the students “as well” as us vietnam vets.”

​standing together: veterans oral history project, veteran participant 



“this was the first time i felt comfortable admitting that i was a female viet nam vet!”

veterans book group participant 



“across three months of programming, kent county witnessed an explosion of 39 free public humanities and arts program presented by more than 20 community partners. hosted by local churches, businesses, storefronts, art galleries, environmental groups and government agencies, these programs included lectures, exhibitions, walking tours, poster contests, book discussions, school field trips and oral history projects.  this wide-ranging and grassroots approach to fostering civic dialogue created a moment for the community to pause and reflect – to consider together its diverse work experiences and shared economic histories while also discussing the county’s economic potential and planning policies moving forward.”

barbara foster, vice president, g.a.r. post #25 sumner hall, chestertown, md, host site, museum on main street 



“[one maryland one book is] excellent! i come to as many of the one maryland one book events and will continue to do so—always pleased!”

one maryland one book 2016 participant 



“all of [this event] was wonderful! i enjoyed ms. ifill’s facilitation very much! i enjoyed taylor branch. i hadn’t heard him before; he was very refreshing. ms. wilkerson was fabulous. i appreciate her candor and passion.”

pulitzer 100 event attendee 



“the omob 2014 selection seemed to touch the hearts of so many teachers and students. everyone who read the story was in awe of the struggles, the will to survive, and then the motivation to write the memoir. the distance between us created such an impact on each reader that s/he handed the book to someone with the request, “you must read this story!” plus, the selection was inter-disciplinary and ‘captured’ students in all grade and academic levels. renya grande captivated the readers who, “couldn’t put the book down.” it is one of the best selections. thank you!!”

​one maryland one book 2014 teacher 



“[the humanities] are what allow us to see the beauty of the world. i often think that humans are the only species that can reflect on how beautiful the world is, can step back and take intense delight in the sounds and colors of it all, can record not only the world but our reactions to it. the humanities matter because beauty matters.”

​maryland humanities survey participant 



“one of my students, a boy who works 35 hours a week at mcdonalds, took the time to write me a letter stating the book had changed his life.”

​one maryland one book 2015 teacher 





share your feedback






about us
maryland humanities is a statewide, educational nonprofit organization that creates and supports bold experiences that explore and elevate our shared stories to connect people, enhance lives, and enrich communities.


maryland humanities 3600 clipper mill road,suite 320baltimore, maryland 21211  
                

                  (410) 685-0095(410) 685-0795 faxinfo@mdhumanities.org




join the conversation   twitterfacebookyoutubeinstagram


featured donor or partner






©2025 maryland humanities council
jobs & other opportunities
financial information
privacy policy
board room login
 























 






