

















































menu
home
getting started

checklist
is homeschooling legal?
legal summary for kansas
register


support groups
beyond the basics
resources
events

check facebook


about check

bylaws


 



































christian home education coalition of kansas


check is a kansas state homeschool organization comprised of local support groups around the state of kansas including kansas city’s midwest parent educators (mpe), wichita’s kansas home educators (kshe, formally tpa), and others.
the 2025 homeschool capitol day will be february 6, 2025.  all kansas homeschooling families are invited to join us. highlights of your capitol day experience can include:

helping distribute sweet treats and homeschool fact sheets to legislators
meeting personally with your own state legislators (make appointment prior)
touring the capitol and the dome (call 785-296-3966 to schedule tours)
observing the legislature in action
learning from legislators and others about how kansas government works
hearing from our featured speaker and original underground homeschooler israel wayne

to assist in our planning, please register at the following link:  https://forms.gle/a2uaorxjdkladjsb7.for more details, is our capitol day page at the link above.  parking information at: kansas state capitol – directions and parking – kansas historical society
for information concerning the 2025 homeschool conferences of mpe and kshe, see the links below.

mpe’s conference will be april 4-5, 2025 at the kci expo center in kansas city. see: midwest parent educators (mpe) homeschool conference and curriculum fair.  
kshe’s will be april 11-12, 2025 at the park city arena.  see: kansas home educators homeschool expo.

for more current news, see the check’s facebook page. check’s mission is to further the interests of private home education in kansas by providing accurate, helpful information; encouraging local support groups; and advocating for home education. check works closely with the home school legal defense association to protect our freedoms.
on this site you will find:

getting started– information to help you get stated in homeschooling including information on kansas legalities.
support groups – information and links to local support groups in kansas.
beyond the basics -learn about homeschooling the high school years, about kansas speech and debate clubs, more.
resources -where to go to get more information.
events – learn about kansas two regional homeschool conference and check’s annual legislative day
about check – learn more about check’s mission and how to contact check

 







recent facebook posts 

no recent facebook posts to show
like check on facebook


latest pins on pinterest 




kansas museum of history, topeka, ks.  http://www.kshs.org/museum



 









useful linksmidwest parent educators (kansas city)
kansas home educators (wichita)
check on facebook
 




go

 











copyright © 2025 check. all rights reserved.						













