


























ophthalmology | raleigh, durham, north carolina | duke health




























            skip navigation
        



















          menu
        







search

submit



























duke header image link










schedule with my duke health (mychart)
as a returning patient for this doctor, please schedule an appointment using your my duke health (mychart) account.
      

sign in to my duke health (mychart) 
don't have a my duke health (mychart) account? sign up now




          account help
        

          if you have trouble logging in, have questions about how to use my duke health (mychart), need more information about
          your account, or need to contact customer service, please
          view our faqs.
        



×












 













							ophthalmology
						







for more information

919-681-3937






our providers
          


eye care specialists
          


why choose duke
          


our locations
          


conditions and treatments
          











home







treatments for adults



ophthalmology
specialty eye care for the full range of eye conditions



view pediatric ophthalmology










for more information

919-681-3937








duke ophthalmologists specialize in diagnosing and treating the full range of eye conditions including corneal disease, retinal disease, glaucoma, eye cancer, and others. we use the most advanced diagnostic, surgical, and non-surgical treatments to provide effective, personalized care. our goal is to ensure prompt treatment at the earliest possible stage to halt or slow the progression of eye diseases.














our providers
            
meet our doctors, view their profiles, and select the one that’s right for you.
            
find an eye specialist







specialists for all your eye care needs




our ophthalmologists include specialists who are expertly equipped to treat a wide range of conditions. 

ocular immunologists specialize in immunological diseases of the eye, including autoimmune disorders.
retinal specialists are experts in retinal degeneration, both genetic and nongenetic.
oculofacial plastic surgeons are ophthalmologists who are specially trained to improve the appearance of your eyes and face and to preserve your vision following cancer, trauma, or congenital defects.
ocular oncologists work with a team of cancer experts to treat eye cancer.




















schedule a new appointment online





you can schedule a new appointment with some of our providers online. use this link to find available times and clinic locations.






schedule a new appointment




or call

919-681-3937











why choose duke




comprehensive care
we combine specialized testing, evaluation, and time with your eye doctor in one visit so you can avoid multiple trips to the clinic. our goal is to create an effective treatment plan tailored to your needs. 
access to routine eye care
if you require vision correction, optometrists at north carolina eye ear nose and throat perform routine eye exams to assess the health of your eyes and your visual acuity. they offer prescription glasses and contact lens fittings and prescriptions.
expert surgical team
our skilled eye surgeons work closely with anesthesiologists and nurses who have focused their training and experience in eye surgery. our dedicated surgical suites are equipped with the latest technology for the best outcome.


















our locations


duke health offers locations throughout the triangle. find one near you.



find a location













respected leaders
duke eye doctors are respected leaders in ophthalmology. they serve in leadership roles for professional societies, share their expertise and research with peers around the world, and train the next generation of ophthalmologists. our eye doctors research and develop innovative eye imaging methods, surgical techniques, and treatments that improve patient care. 
remote, written second opinion reports
get a written second opinion report from a duke health specialist from the comfort of your home. a second opinion can confirm or offer a different diagnosis, provide information about the most advanced treatments available, and ensure confidence in your decisions when faced with a serious medical condition. learn more about our remote second opinion platform and process.
compassionate, supportive environment
we offer patient support services, including educational materials and programs.










conditions and treatments






corneal disease



corneal disease treatments




corneal transplant surgery (keratoplasty)





cosmetic surgery



blepharoplasty




facial rejuvenation




oculoplastics





retinal disease



diabetic retinopathy




gene therapy for inherited retinal diseases




macular degeneration




retinal detachments





vision correction



clear lens extraction (cle)  




implantable collamer lens (icl) surgery




lasik










photorefractive keratectomy (prk)




specialty contact lenses




vision correction surgery





other eye conditions and treatments



cataract surgery




dry eye




eye cancer




eye movement disorders




eye stroke care 




glaucoma




ocular immunology




optic nerve disorders




prose (prosthetic replacement of the ocular surface ecosystem) treatment




uveitis




vision rehabilitation











specialized eye care services




urgent eye care
our comprehensive specialists provide treatment for urgent conditions such as ocular trauma, infections, acute visual problems, and other emergency eye care needs.
vision rehabilitation
our low vision rehabilitation program is staffed by dedicated occupational therapists who use a variety of equipment and assistive technology to maximize your quality of life.
advanced imaging technology
we use the most powerful imaging available such as fundus photography and optical coherence tomography (oct) devices to take detailed pictures of your eyes. these technologies help your eye doctor diagnose your eye condition and recommend the most appropriate treatment.  






















best eye hospital in north carolina

where you receive your care matters. duke university hospital is proud of our team and the exceptional care they provide. they are why our ophthalmology program is ranked seventh in the nation and is the highest-ranked program in north carolina, according to u.s. news & world report for 2024–2025.








this page was medically reviewed on 12/15/2023 by							


																			anupama b. horne, md
																				| ophthalmologist
																													












back to top











duke health home page

facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram
linkedin



855-855-6484







duke health anti-racism pledge
notice of nondiscrimination
notice of privacy practices
accessibility
price transparency
payment plans and financial assistance
terms and conditions
website privacy policy




duke children's
duke school of medicine
duke school of nursing
duke university




about duke health
careers
contact us
email sign up
giving
newsroom
referring physicians











copyright © 2004-2025 duke university health system














