


stitch marker swap























    
	stitch marker swap
	
  
a swap of hand made or otherwise stitch markers for your knitting and/or crocheting



sunday, october 16, 2005



	 
	 swap 2 sign ups until oct.31st
	 
    


this swap will only run for one month and be for 1 set of 6 markers total,  3 pairs or whatever you choose to send, we won't have a questionaire keeping it simple.email:   stitchmarkerswaps@yahoo.com your name, mailing addressemail addressblgo (if available) no need to have one for this swap but definatly have to have an email and mailing address))you can have as many partners as you choose number of people permitting of course.would like to have the swap completed by november break wed november 23rd for school breaks, college and vacations. so anytime from reciving your partner(s) info until then will be appropreiate. you can also reveil yourself anyway you choose. feel free to contact your partner via email to let her know something is on the wayany questions? let us knowlet the sign ups begin!



posted by soapy at 8:04 pm

       |
      3 comments






tuesday, october 11, 2005



	 
	 thanks yous and nearing the end!
	 
    


ok after all the confusion i'm glad that it's working out in the endnot everyone's participation for the reveil which was optional anyway so i sent out all the ones that were received so everyone should receive them shortly if not already.also a huge thank you for the surprise rak markers some included and to my pals.. i love them all and boy are lots of you very talented...i dont' mind doing another swap but will promise to keep it very simple without any confusion will post more info to the blog soon!thanks again everyone it's been interesting & fun!a special thanks to jenn for jumping in and helping when i got to far behind had 2 minor cirisis over the past couple weeks ds knocked out cold with a bad concusion and my dd in an accident and rushed tot the hospital by ambulance. hopefully the thrid will not follow anytime soon!!! life is strating to get back to somewhat noramlity this week... children are feeling betterthank you sooo much jen!!also a huge thanks to the angles that have jumped in at am oments noticed and surprises too!michelle



posted by soapy at 1:11 pm

       |
      1 comments






wednesday, october 05, 2005



	 
	 please check your email
	 
    


please check the email account that you signed up for the swap with. some people did not get all of their aug and sept markers. i am in the process of tracking down who did not keep their end of the bargin. any people out there that would like to be angels please drop an email to stitchmarkerswaps@yahoo.comthanks everyonejenn(i'm helping out michelle while she deals with some family issues)



posted by jenn at 11:06 pm

       |
      1 comments






saturday, august 20, 2005



	 
	 important!
	 
    


please check your email boxes with the email you sign up with for the swap regarding important info!!certain people isp is being tracked and will be dealt with occordingly. i will not go itno details but this person is defiantely a trouble maker and a coward at that.



posted by soapy at 12:11 am

       |
      1 comments






thursday, august 18, 2005



	 
	 are your markers in the mail yet? important!
	 
    


i haven't heard anyone say they didn't recieve theres. i've been emailing people and the responses so far were that they have them but hadn't upload to their blogs yet or some thank you and i forward theat on to the appropreiate people because they didn't have blogs. so don't worry just yet, it's only mid month some went out late i hear and remember this was opened internationally as well. so please allow a bit more time to reach you. some are posting to the knitty thread that can be found here to say thank you but not all poeple are part of knittyheres the link:  http://www.knittyboard.com/viewtopic.php?t=11979 please remember some did say they apologize but they sent theirs out late. please make sure that there all in the mail now! if not get them in the mail now! i'm not going to hold everyone's hand here it's getting to be ridicolous the amount of email that i get. if people aren't recieving there markers by a certian date i will drop them and fill in with replacements and i will post your names with the shipments haven't been received i will not play games. with only a couple exceptions overseas everyone should have there markers long before the end of the month!flakers will not be tolerated at all and it's not fair to all those who do sign up and furfill their obligation and others shouldn't be depreived for those who don't.so far i do have a list  that i'm watching closly and will keep watching. if i don't hear something within a reasonable amount of time then will take action from there. we do have some sweet people who've offered to be an angel and fill in to pick up the slack where others don't . if your thinking or would like to be on the angel list in case of bad swappers/flakers please contact me,remember you know the commitment before you joined and should've of thought about it before signing up so please continue to be responsible it's not much and doesn't take alot of effort here.please contact the proper email account for the swap and not my personal account or you may get lost and not answered. thats why it's set up this wayon a more positive note looks las though things are going along very well for the most part. i do hope everyone is enjoying sending as much as receiving there markers. isnt' mail just fun! don't let the very few people spoil the rest of everyone's fun. by the end you will have at the very least the amount of markers you sign up for or more. can't wait to see people markers at the end the whole stash....lolthank you &much appreicated



posted by soapy at 4:29 pm

       |
      3 comments






friday, august 05, 2005



	 
	 revieling at the end!? future swaps or not?
	 
    


i don't know what to tell y'all if you don't want to don't! it's very simple no need to stress out. this was meant for a little fun and based on the majority of everyone's responses to early questions reguarding it. it's not a big deal i will however still include everyone that does participate if someone's missing there loss.i will not figure out who didn't participate and not include themselves, that's up to you. i will mail out all those that i recieve only.i am thinking that after this swap is closed that i may reconsider continuing future ones!  i will see this to the end, not to worry.......i will keep a list if someone else wants to take it over. i have everything saved. please contact me private about it.



posted by soapy at 1:18 pm

       |
      0 comments






tuesday, august 02, 2005



	 
	 information for reveiling!
	 
    


as promised i have something fun planned but i do need all of your help to do this!everyone should've recived a separte email actually 2 about this already. i need you to send me one self addressed stamped  5x7 or 4x6 envelope and include inside your name, info, blog/page address if you have them.one for each person you send out.  if you send out 1, 2 or 3 packs per month then you have 3, 6, or 9 sps correct so included with a self addressed envelope to me should be your clues or info 3, 6 or 9 times. you'll be recieving back your self addressed envelope with your sp reveiling who they are you'll have 3, 6 or 9 puzzles and/or clues to figure them out... then you can either have 3 clues included, or write your info on paper or cardstock make sure it's big enough to be cut around letters and stuff so it'd be a puzzle that the other person has to put together to reveil yourself or into letters or pieces of info that needs to be descrambled to figure out who you are.keep each separate in little baggies or paper cliped.then i'd separate them into each persons return envelope  of each sender by each month and will mail them out all togetheri've done these things before and it can been lots of fun!  you can send however you want  as easy or hard as you like.please send them by sept.2st for me so i can have the time to separate and match them to each person. if you already sent out your before this  thats ok still please include for this anyway! thanks and be creative and have fun!let me know if you have anymore questions.



posted by soapy at 11:07 pm

       |
      6 comments










est time zone 


buttons

your host
michelle
participants
tammy
suzie
michelle
jennifer r
lynn m
deb
kristina
julie
roxy
joyceanna
angela
lynn b
debbie c
sandra
kimberly
christy
jennifer l
cheryl g
catherine
rebecca
susan t
danielle
moze
cheryl s
ines
becky
korin
shanidy
gina c
beth
ashley c
laura
melissa
annie
carol b
emily
kim
janet
sherry
liz
jessica
kat
sarah c
linda c
heather z
zonda
ari
vicki
katie
sheryl
bethanie
jen l
elspeth
kelly m
nyxxie
gali
renee
manda
johanna
janet
previous posts

swap 2 sign ups until oct.31st
thanks yous and nearing the end!
please check your email
important!
are your markers in the mail yet? important!
revieling at the end!? future swaps or not?
information for reveiling!
important!!!!!
sms signs are now closed!!!
important info! away and last chance to sign up

archives

june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
october 2005




free hit counter





 







