  doc martins of maui | next gen sunscreen     808-875-0322 info@docmartinsmaui.comhomecontact us    alohacontact us select page  doc martin’s sunscreen is evolvingaloha!we couldn’t be more excited to tell you that doc martin is getting some much needed love and being upgraded to reef safe with a whole new look!we’re now going by doc hawaii, because what sums us up better than the nickname of our founder and the place we love.we’ll be back soon, better than ever. put your email in the box below and we’ll contact you when we launch.mahalo and see you soon.about doc martindr. george martin established his dermatology practice on maui in 1989, and has successfully treated over 10,000+ patients over the years. his areas of expertise include laser surgery, skin cancer and reconstructive surgery, as well as, general dermatology.his passion to play daily in the waters surrounding maui led him to create the most water resistant sunscreen available.he and his global team are now redefining what sunscreens look and feel like to offer reef safe formulations for a new generation of athletes and sun natives who are passionate about spending time outdoors, while being protected from the sun.aloha contact ussign up for updatesbe the first to know when the new doc hawaii is launched. submit your name and email and we'll contact you as soon as it's available.thank you for signing up! name  email    sign up     what our customers are sayingeffective and not greasy“we spend the summer on the boat or the trails and this has become our favorite sunscreen. my husband, who perspires a lot in the sun really likes that this sunscreen seems to stay on and not feel oily as the mercury heats up. one tube served the two of us all summer.” gigiunobest sunscreen“been using this sunscreen since i was a little kid. i grew up in hawaii and was always outdoors. i have never gotten a sunburn while using this stuff. this stuff is the real deal. i am so happy that i found this on amazon, as i no longer live in hawaii. absolutely the best sunscreen ever. just use a about a dime sized dollop and rub it in your hands until warm and easy to spread. apply to skin everywhere you need it. even a tiny amount on your skin will work.” jrob contact us  facebook © 2019 doc martin's of maui sunblock | all rights reserved worldwide hosting by hpn     


