








hybrid cloud software for a smarter business | ibm




























































home



hybrid cloud software for a smarter business 




                



  
    hybrid cloud software for a smarter business






    


            

                    


  
  
      speed your digital reinvention® by infusing the intelligence of ai and the agility of hybrid cloud to modernize, predict, automate and add security to your business
  




    


                


learn why it matters



explore all products






































            
                
                    

     
    overview




    


                
                
            
        



      



  
    building a smarter business






    


    


three critical imperatives will determine a smarter, more responsive business:
it will become decentralized, open and secure.automation will fuel the future of work.winners will scale the value of data with ai.
 
our hybrid cloud software helps you achieve these initiatives:
build upon an open, modular services architecture for any cloud.protect and extend existing investments.support from an ecosystem of partners.















  


     
    our software attributes




    


    


make your business more intelligent, resilient and flexible





            summary
        

            modernize
        

            predict
        

            automate
        

            secure
        










        



  
    hybrid cloud software






    


    


            


  
  
      our hybrid cloud software offerings are uniquely designed to help you modernize, predict, automate and secure your business by unlocking the intelligence of ai and the agility of hybrid cloud.
  




    


        



            learn more about the hybrid cloud strategy
            
            
        


            calculate the value of hybrid cloud for your company
            
            
        















        



  
    modernize your it environment






    


    


            


  
  
      accelerate, integrate and manage agile it landscapes from the data center to the edge. our hybrid cloud software — delivered using ibm cloud pak® solutions running on red hat® openshift® — provides an integrated solution that allows you to build once and deploy anywhere.
  




    


        



            explore cloud software
            
            
        











        



  
    predict business outcomes






    


    


            


  
  
      collect, organize and analyze data to infuse ai to shape future outcomes. the ai ladder™ is our unique methodology, used to help accelerate your journey to ai based on what has been learned from thousands of ibm watson® engagements.
  




    


        



            explore ai software
            
            
        














        



  
    automate work processes






    


    


            


  
  
      improve productivity with ai workflows that help people learn, detect, decide and act. ibm helps you digitize and automate all types of work faster with a set of software and ibm watson applications tailored to key industries.
  




    


        



            explore automation software
            
            
        

            learn about ibm watson solutions
            
            
        














        



  
    secure your business






    


    


            


  
  
      align, protect, and manage threats to your business proactively. ibm can help you quickly integrate your existing security capabilities with our prescriptive approach to drive more security-rich features into the fabric of your business.
  




    


        



            explore security software
            
            
        
































        



  
    researchers






    


    


            


  
  
      take advantage of spss® statistics' robust capabilities including logistic regression, quantile regression and more.
individual licenses starting from 99 usd a month.
  




    


        



            buy now
            
            
        













        



  
    our approach






    


    


            


  
  
      your software is only as good as your ability to integrate it across multiple workflows. ibm will work closely with you to weave together every thread of your operations into a tailored, smarter business. our approach to software means you can:

build to simplify
consume anywhere
modernize with ease
  




    


        



            learn about ibm watson solutions 
            
            
        

            learn about ibm cloud pak solutions
            
            
        













                                



  
    client stories






    


                            













            exxon mobil
        
an industry-first app running on ibm cloud® transforms the customer experience at the gas pump.













            otto
        
ibm solutions help otto design and execute multichannel customer campaigns in record time.























            see more data and ai stories
            
        











            
            

     
    featured products




    


        

see all products









        



  
    ibm cloud paks






    


    



accelerate outcomes by enabling automated, intelligent and secure workflows.



explore ibm cloud pak solutions
            
        




        



  
    ibm watson aiops






    


    



use ai and automation to deliver greater reliability with less risk.



explore ibm watson aiops
            
        



        



  
    ibm watson assistant






    


    



deliver fast, accurate information across any channel at the scale you and your customers need.



explore ibm watson assistant
            
        



        



  
    ibm security® verify access






    


    



maintain security as you adopt new technologies with risk-based access management.



explore ibm security verify access
            
        



        



  
    ibm sterling™






    


    



act with speed and confidence to mitigate disruptions and build resilient supply chain solutions.



explore ibm sterling solutions
            
        



        



  
    ibm® maximo®






    


    



deploy trusted, insight-driven solutions across your brand's entire marketing strategy to help drive results.



explore ibm maximo solutions
            
        








                    
                        
                            

     
    explore other solutions




    


                        
                        
                    
                




            business operations
        
build resilient business operations with intelligence, insights and expertise.







            blockchain
        
accelerate your journey to cloud and become a digital enterprise.







            supply chain
        
act with confidence, mitigate disruptions and build resilient supply chain solutions.





















get started




learn how ibm hybrid cloud software can help you build a smarter business.











payment solutions


























































