









john everson ~ dark arts - dark arts
































































 skip to content 

 














blog
newsletter
appearances
🛒 store




search for:


search

 




 

 

skip to content
home
books
free fiction
bibliography
news/reviews
articles
music
art
about
 



 

  
 






 

 

 

 

 

 dare to dig deeper...

  ... and find the bones! 

read more  



 dare to drive...

  ...in the living death race. 

read more  



 dare to explore...

  ...your darkest desires...
enter the red. come in... and sin... 

read more  



 dare to desire...

  ...stealing your heart...
and more! 

read more  



 dare to dream...

  ...but dreams can become nightmares
when you find out the secrets of the family tree. 

read more  




 now available!  a new giallo!
the bloodstained doll – the 15th novel by john everson – was released on october 8, 2024. order yours today!

when allyson's mom dies unexpectedly, she thinks her world has hit rock bottom. but that's before she goes to live with her estranged uncle otto in germany. when a child's empty casket is unearthed in the backyard during a violent storm, suddenly people close to her uncle start turning up dead.

is there a connection?

as the noose tightens and murders draw closer to berger mansion, allyson and her new boyfriend andrew discover a dark truth hidden in the attic. soon their lives are at stake if they don't discover why each broken body is decorated with... a bloodstained doll.

read more about the bloodstained doll.
order your copy today on amazon.com  or  barnes & noble .    a modern giallo!

five deaths for seven songbirds – the 13th novel by john everson – hit stores on 03-22-2022. order yours today!


somebody is murdering the songbirds...


when eve springer arrives to join the songbirds it’s the fulfillment of her lifelong dream. but that dream is soon to become a nightmare. somebody is murdering the songbirds, using their own instruments as weapons. will eve be next? 

"intricately plotted in the classic giallo style, with plot twists and murders galore. john everson has written a thriller that is sure to appeal to devotees of lurid italian mystery thrillers." 
  — troy howarth, author of so deadly, so perverse: 50 years of italian giallo films

  read more about five deaths for seven songbirds.
  order your copy today on amazon.com  or  barnes & noble . 



a dark new orleans thriller!

voodoo heart  – the 12th novel by john everson  –  hit stores on 10-20-2020. order yours today!

who will the vigilantes of love take on the night of the full moon?

when detective lawrence ribaud wakes alone in a bloody bed with his wife missing, he knows this is more than just a mysterious case of murder. his wife is the latest victim in a string of bizarre disappearances. all across new orleans, on one night each month, people are vanishing, leaving behind nothing but a pool of blood on the bedsheets… and an abandoned heart. ribaud doesn’t believe in voodoo, but he soon finds himself moving through the underbelly of a secret society of snakes, sacrifices and obscene rituals in search of the mysterious black queen … and the curse of her voodoo heart.

read more about voodoo heart.
order your copy today on amazon.com     or    barnes & noble . 		  enter... the black!

the sequel to nightwhere, a bram stoker award finalist!
the night mother – the 14th novel by john everson – was released on 06-01-2023. order yours today!


selena, a fallen angel, knew that once exposed, you could never escape the pull of nightwhere, a mysterious underground sex club run by beings called the watchers.  cassie, a driven dominatrix, didn’t.


when both are drawn into the club's secret rooms that promise an ecstasy of forbidden pain and pleasure, they must somehow try to protect the men they love. because the club's midnight queen, the night mother, has a deadly plan that may break the boundaries of our world and destroy everything and everyone they’ve ever desired... 

"a novel of forbidden pleasures and violent depravity, where the line between pleasure and pain is razor thin. enter a secret club where members indulge their darkest desires, and the demons lurking in the shadows are all too real. another wickedly entertaining novel from a master of erotic horror!"
—  tim waggoner, author of a hunter called night

  read more about the night mother.
  order your copy today on amazon.com .  
 
 

 










 	

on the blog 

what's the latest news from the everson writing patio? 


check out the news & reviews page or visit the blog! 
 
 











 	

e-newsletter 

don't miss a word - subscribe to the (almost) monthly john everson monthly e-newsletter!

 
 











 	

appearances 

i do booksignings and appearances at conventions and book fairs every year. 


check here for the current schedule:upcoming and past appearances. 
 
 








copyright © 1996-2024 john everson 
	powered by nirvana &
	  wordpress.















  

















