













seattle fishing charters | puget sound | spot tail seattle fishing





































































 


weather forecast seattle, wa
 
book now

phone (206) 295-7031 







home
our trips

salmon fishing
saltwater fly fishing
sightseeing
salish sea tour
sea burial


package rates
about us

our fishing charter
your guides
boats
press


plan your trip

faqs
restaurant recommendations
nearby hotels
things to do


gallery

photos
videos


blog
shop
contact us






keyboard_arrow_left
keyboard_arrow_right



•   celebrating 30 years guiding & chartering in puget sound   •
experience hands-on salmon fishing, saltwater fly fishing & bottom fishing trips on seattle’s puget sound
hold your own rod. no sharing or watching. book your trip today!






•   celebrating 30 years guiding & chartering in puget sound   •
the closest seattle fishing charter to downtown—experience the city from the water!
hold your own rod. no sharing or watching. book your trip today!






a memorable, hands-on fishing charter experience on seattle’s puget sound
hold your own rod. no sharing or watching. book your trip today!






seattle fishing charters
a memorable, hands-on fishing charter experience on seattle’s puget sound
whether you’ve got years of salmon fishing experience or you’ve never held a fishing pole, a spot tail salmon guide offers an unparalleled experience. captain keith robbins has been fishing on the puget sound for 30 years in seattle. that means from the best places to cast your fly, to great spots for beginners to bottom fish, to picturesque views for sightseeing and sea burials, he knows where to take you. unlike most seattle fishing charters, we provide each angler with their own rod and teach an active approach that lets you feel the pull of a bite and reel in your own catch. our specialty is mooching for salmon on private and group tours. we also offer seattle fly fishing, bottom fishing, sightseeing tours and sea burials. located less than 7 miles north of downtown, you won’t find a seattle fishing charter closer to the city center. the best way to experience the seattle is from the water, so plan your nautical adventure today.
seattle fishing
we offer a variety of seattle fishing charters and our fishing methods will depend on the target species. for salmon fishing we go with light tackle mooching. mooching is a local technique where you will hold the rod, feel the bite, and set the hook yourself. we prefer this method because it’s an active experience intended for anglers who like to cast, hold their own rod and feel the fish strike. by the time you get off the water you’ll be an experienced moocher. our seattle fly fishing is done from a boat, typically near the shorelines, in very shallow water. we fish both top-water and sinking flies, using both floating and sinking lines. a favorite method of experienced fisherman, saltwater fly fishing is just like freshwater fly fishing; you’ll cast and strip your line, and the further you cast, the more fish you’ll catch. our seattle fishing charters target many species of salmon including chinook, coho, humpback, and chum. we also target sea-run cutthroat trout year-round, plus steelhead, and dolly vardon. in addition to incredible fishing, you get to enjoy gazing at the bountiful wildlife that fill our waters while fishing seattle.
unlike most seattle fishing charters, we provide each angler with their own rod.






seattle salmon fishinglight tackle mooching
light tackle mooching is our specialty! mooching is a local technique where you will hold the rod, feel the bite, and set the hook yourself. reserve now!


morning guided trip
private boat: $1,250

afternoon 1/2 day trip 
4-hour trip: $1,100






seattle salmon fishing




 


saltwater fly fishing onseattle’s puget sound
we fish both top-water and sinking flies, using both floating and sinking lines. this is not a beginner fishing method. this method is for intermediate or above casters.


searun cutthroat fishing (up to 3 anglers)
6-hour trip: $900





seattle fly fishing




 


seattle sightseeingfrom skyscrapers to mountains
some people think it never stops raining in seattle. that’s not true- that’s just the story we keep telling people to keep this place to ourselves!


available on private boats for up to 6 guests.

(not including fuel costs)
trip rate: $250/hr






seattle sightseeing




 



celebrating our 30th yearguiding & chartering in puget sound
captain keith robbins has been fishing on the puget sound for nearly 30 years in seattle




fishing for thewhole family



what is mooching?



passed down from father to son
















read our 5-star reviews
don't take our word for it, read great 5-star reviews  from hundreds of satisfied customers.


“
”





★ ★ ★ ★ ★
i have used spot tail charters for both fly fishing cutthroat and mooching for various species of salmon in the sound. keith is a first class guide. he is an expert in multiple types of angling. he is great with beginners and experienced fishermen. i have taken both my father and daughter with keith, and they both had a great experience. i highly recommend for anybody looking for a fun experience on the sound.
benjamin arai. 







★ ★ ★ ★ ★
captain keith is a gem! super nice and incredibly experienced. if you’re a little rusty he gently corrects you and moves on. we luckily went on a day where you could keep kings so our group of 3 went home with 1 pink, 2 kings and 3 cohos. he’s got a great old school seattle vibe and knows as much about the city and it’s neighborhoods as he does about fishing (which is a lot). definitely hiring him again for my dads upcoming birthday.
constance bennett. 







★ ★ ★ ★ ★
our trip made it obvious that keith has decades of experience fishing for salmon in puget sound. if you want to learn the most successful salmon fishing techniques and immediately improve your success, being guided by keith will be money very well spent. our trip with keith resulted in consistent action throughout the day because he moved to locations he knew would be the most productive as the day progressed. we’re looking forward to another trip if lucky enough to find an open day on his schedule.
bob winters. 







★ ★ ★ ★ ★
great charter with captain keith. spent a beautiful day on the sound and caught a variety of fish. captain keith did a great job putting us on fish.
bruce tripp. 







★ ★ ★ ★ ★
had a great time! a lot of good emotions with salmons!
contini srl. 








seattle fishing 
we offer a variety of seattle fishing charters and our fishing methods will depend on the target species.  for salmon fishing we go with light tackle mooching.  mooching is a local technique where you will hold the rod, feel the bite, and set the hook yourself. we prefer this method because it’s an active experience intended for anglers who like to cast, hold their own rod and feel the fish strike.
our seattle fly fishing is done from a boat, typically near the shorelines, in very shallow water. we fish both top-water and sinking flies, using both floating and sinking lines. 

seattle, washington location
7411 seaview ave nw dock r, seattle, wa 98117

seattle fishing, seattle fishing charters 

connect with us
ready to join us for some fantastic fishing or sightseeing on the puget sound? request your reservation online, or give us a call to reserve your space.
call or text:  206.295.7031







 

copyright © 2025







































