








home - rape crisis center | san antonio, tx & area













































 










 







leave site now









facebook




instagram


24-hour sexual assault hotline 210-349-7273
chat online
get help
 
















home
about us

who we are
our impact
statistics
resources
faq


services

crisis intervention

essential needs assistance program


client advocacy
counseling
education
community engagement


get involved

volunteer
intern
join our team


news & events

in the news
event calendar
blog
volunteer spotlight


ways to give

donate
legacy giving
corporate giving
sponsorships


contact
donate
 





select page


  
 



 



 












we support those impacted by sexual violence in san antonio, texas.
believe. empower. educate. advocate.

i need helpget involved













24-hour crisis intervention








free & confidential counseling








prevention & education program








advocacy & case management










why it matters
everyone deserves to feel safe. the rape crisis center’s first priority is to believe and empower survivors through a continuum of care from prevention, intervention, and advocacy.

every 68 seconds another american is sexually assaulted.



 source: department of justice, office of justice programs, bureau of justice statistics, national crime victimization survey, 2019. note: rainn applies a 5-year rolling average to adjust for changes in the year-to-year ncvs survey data.




 1 out of every 6 american women has been the victim of an attempted or completed rape in her lifetime.



 source: national institute of justice & centers for disease control & prevention, prevalence, incidence and consequences of violence against women survey (1998).




 18,900 americans experienced unwanted sexual contact while serving in the military.



 source: department of defense, fiscal year 2014 annual report on sexual assault in the military, (2015.)





















your support allows the rape crisis center to provide programs and services free of charge to all of those afflicted by sexual assault.





serviceswe offer 24-hour hotline crisis intervention, client advocacy, counseling and case management services all free of charge.
learn more



prevention & educationchanging outcomes through prevention.
learn more



donateyour support is crucial in the continuation of providing services to sexual assault survivors.
learn more



get involvedtogether we will make a difference.
learn more







how your support helps

we are honored to have your support and it enables us to continue working toward the vision of a world free from sexual violence, which is part of san antonio’s collective vision of a thriving city for all. 







“i felt heard and warm after speaking to your team. it has been rough but i made it through thanks to the hotline.”
rcc client









“being an advocate is more than a simple referral. through our advocacy team we are able to build a professional client relationship that allows the client to have open communication about their needs, so they begin to advocate for themselves. we succeed when our client succeeds.”
rcc victim advocate









“the memories of my trauma are never going to go away, but with counseling through the rcc, i now have the skills and self-awareness to utilize coping strategies and mindfulness to alter my perspective. i am now working a full-time job and giving back to my community. i am so thankful for the rape crisis center because it has given me back hope and a vision for the future.”
rcc client

















at alamo area rape crisis center, we support and empower all survivors of sexual assault. 
through our dynamic partnerships and collaborations, we continue to focus on prevention education to end sexual violence in our community.  our team is dedicated to significantly decreasing the number of those impacted by sexual assault. we practice a multi-disciplinary approach to support our community with a responsive medical team, sensitive law enforcement department, and an active prosecution system. our dedicated clinical team understands the importance of care before, during and after an assault occurs. this is why, at the rcc, we provide a continuum of care that includes prevention, intervention, and advocacy through our 24-hour crisis hotline, free and confidential counseling services and the prevention education program.
get involved. make a difference. 
support your local rcc to help end sexual assault in our community.  







why us?







our vision: a world free from sexual violence
our mission is to provide help, hope and healing to those affected by sexual violence and cultivate a safe, nonviolent community.









we work locally
our collaboration with organizations in the san antonio community and surrounding areas allow the rape crisis center to expand services dedicated to ending sexual violence.









we rely on your support
donating to the rape crisis center provides ongoing services to individuals within our community. together we will make a difference.







make a life changing donation







our partners



























































 
















connect


followfollowfollow



inquiries

media
trainings/presentations
volunteer
internships
resources
join our team



podcast










beyond silence podcast
alamo area rape crisis center





crisis support

immediate resources live chat



contact

24-hour sexual assault hotline: (210) 349-7273office: (210) 521-7273

fax: (726) 224-0970











the rape crisis center is a 501 (c)(3). ©1975-2025 - designed by zen monkey marketing



privacy policy



 




 



















click here for full details

























