ï»¿


death from ritalin the truth behind adhd


















  











 
 


new: 
        please join us on facebook!

death from 
		ritalin
the truth behind adhd
share with 
        your facebook friends
 









		national alliance against mandated 
		mental health


screening and 
		psychiatric drugging of children
 share


 









					home   





mission





content





about us






adhd help






advertising




					adhd message board




 







children's deaths caused from add & adhd drugs




 
a special savings for anybody who orders focus formula either through our website or one of our facebook links. enter the promo code: sav20focus to receive a 20% discount and free shipping on any size order.
            





adhd help





advertising





a-z content





education articles





testimonials






panasonic 
		massage
		chair division





drug information



we 
		have 3 stand
		alone pages below




1.



alternative
		therapies





2. 


homeopathy




3.



therapeutic
		boarding schools




we have 10 national directories 
		below






		allergists





		chiropractic neurologist






chiropractors






		hearing specialists





		holistic medical doctors






		learning centers






		nutritionists





osteopathic physicians





speech and language





vision specialists



relevant 
		sites





 dr. fred 
		baughman jr. md, he has been a adult & child neurologist, in private 
		practice, for 35 years




block center




wildest colts




gifted children




methylphenidate




annie armen live




peter breggin, m.d.


report site bugs. email 
web-admin@ritalindeath.com




children are dying from adhd drugs 





info for parents who are pressured to diagnose 
		and drug their children for add or adhd. story behind our sons death caused 
		from adhd drug, ritalin.
		between 1990 and 2000 there were 186 deaths from methylphenidate reported 
		to the fda medwatch program, a voluntary reporting scheme, the numbers of 
		which represent no more than 10 to 20% of the actual incidence.




9/1/1985-3/20/00

our 14-year-old son died from 
		ritalin use



1. we have a national directory of: allergists,
chiropractic neurologist,
chiropractors, 
hearing specialists, holistic medical 
doctors, learning centers,
nutritionists,
osteopathic physicians,
speech and language specialists 
and vision specialists.
2. we have three stand alone categories for adhd help:
alternative therapies,
homeopathy and
therapeutic boarding schools
3. we also have the national alliance, adhd help pages with the above 
directories. al, ak,
az, ar,
ca, co,
ct, de,
fl, ga,
hi, id,
il, in,
ia, ks,
ky, la,
me, md,
ma, mi,
mn, ms,
mo, mt,
ne, nv,
nh, nj,
nm, ny,
nc, nd
oh, ok,
or, pa,
ri, sc,
sd, tn,
tx, ut,
vt, va,
wa, wv,
wi, wy.

april 15, 2001 this website was created in hopes of providing parents and guardians 
with information about the truth behind adhd and the drugs used to treat children 
diagnosed with add or adhd.
we built this website because we didn't want other children to die or suffer 
side effects because of their parents lack of knowledge.
we did all we could to convince state and federal government about the methods 
used in the miss-diagnosing of thousands of children with in add - attention deficit 
disorder and adhd attention hyperactivity disorder of adhd and psychotropic drugging 
of children with ritalin and other drugs.
since the death of our 14-year-old son matthew caused from the use of ritalin 
prescribed for adhd (attention deficit hyperactivity disorder) our family has been 
informing others world wide via the internet about adhd and the dangers of psychotropic 
drugs in memory of our son and countless other children that have died over the 
years as a direct result of using psychotropic drugs.
we wish to expose the health risks, dangers, deaths and suicides that are a direct 
result of administering ritalin and other psychiatric drugs to children.
we hope our story and information will in some way benefit your family and prevent 
our tragedy from being your families' reality and nightmare.
our fourteen year old son matthew suddenly died on march 21, 2000. the cause 
of death was determined to be from the long-term (age 7-14) use of methylphenidate, 
a drug commonly known as ritalin.
according to dr. ljuba dragovic, the chief pathologist of oakland county, michigan, 
upon autopsy, matthew's heart showed clear signs of small vessel damage caused from 
the use of methylphenidate (ritalin).
*the certificate of death reads: "death caused from long term 
use of methylphenidate, ritalin."
i was told by one of the medical examiners that a full-grown man's heart weighs 
about 350 grams and that matthew's heart's weight was about 402 grams. dr. dragovic 
said this type of heart damage is smoldering and not easily detected with the standard 
test done for prescription refills. the standard test usually consists of blood 
work, listening to the heart, and questions about school behaviors, sleeping and 
eating habits.
*what is important to note here is that matthew did not have 
any pre-existing heart condition or defect.
matthew's story started in a small town within berkley, michigan. while in first 
grade matthew was evaluated by the school, who believed he had adhd. the school 
social worker kept calling us in for meetings. one morning at one of these meetings 
while waiting for the others to arrive, monica told us that if we refused to take 
matthew to the doctor and get him on ritalin, child protective services could charge 
us for neglecting his educational and emotional needs. my wife and i were intimidated 
and scared. we believed that there was a very real possibility of losing our children 
if we did not comply with the schools threats.
monica further explained adhd to us, stating that it was a real brain disorder. 
she also went on to tell us that the methylphenidate (ritalin) was a very mild medication 
and would stimulate the brain stem and help matthew focus. 
we gave into the schools pressure and took our son to a pediatrician that they 
recommended. his name was dr. john dorsey of birmingham, michigan. while visiting 
dr. dorsey with the schools recommendation for methylphenidate (ritalin) in hand, 
i noted that he seemed frustrated with the school. he asked us to remind the school 
that he was not a pharmacy.
i can only conclude from his comment that we were not the first parents sent 
to him by this school. dr. john dorsey officially diagnosed matthew with adhd. the 
test used for the diagnosis was a five minute pencil twirling trick, resulting in 
matthew being diagnosed with adhd.
*it is important to note that the schools insistence and role 
in our son's drugging was documented in a letter written by monica to the pediatrician 
stating: "we would have hoped you would have started matthew on a trial of medication 
by now".
at no time were my wife and i ever told significant facts regarding the issue 
of adhd and the drugs used to "treat it". these significant facts withheld from 
us inevitably would have changed the road that we were headed down by ultimately 
altering the decisions we would have made.
we were not told that the drug enforcement administration had classified methylphenidate 
(ritalin) as a schedule ii drug, comparable to cocaine.
we were not told that methylphenidate is also one of the top ten abused prescription 
drugs.
at no time were we informed of the unscientific nature of the disorder.
we were not told that there was widespread controversy among the medical establishment 
in regards to the validity of the disorder.
furthermore, we were not provided with information involving the dangers of using 
methylphenidate (ritalin) as "treatment" for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. 
one of these dangers includes the fact that methylphenidate, ritalin causes constriction 
of veins and arteries, causing the heart to work overtime and inevitably leading 
to damage to the organ itself.
we were not made aware of the large number of children's deaths, that have been 
linked with these types of drugs used as "treatment".
while matthew was taking methylphenidate (ritalin), at no time, were we informed 
of any test: echo-cardiogram, mri. these types of tests could have detected the 
damage done to his heart. these test are not considered "standard" in monitoring 
"treatment" of adhd they are usually never administered to children. sadly death 
is inevitable without the possibility of detection.
*i want to ask every parent to ask themselves these important questions:
how different would your decisions be if information was withheld from you? how 
different would your decisions be if you receive only distorted data?
i, myself, know that our families and matthews outcome would have been quite 
different had we received all information. if i had known certain facts i would 
have acted differently and my son would be alive today. this i am sure of.
informed consent", which states in part a person's agreement to allow something 
to happen (such as surgery) that is based on a full disclosure of the facts needed 
to make the decision intelligently; i.e. knowledge of risks involved, alternatives 
etc" and "the probable risks against the probable benefits"
the violation of parent's rights is when they are not told of the unscientific 
nature of so-called disorders such as adhd or the risks of the treatments involving 
drugs like ritalin, and they certainly are not told of alternatives to their child's 
behavior such as undiagnosed allergies or food sensitivities, which could manifest 
with the symptoms of what psychiatry calls adhd.
*here are some facts that are being withheld from parents that could 
possibly alter their life decisions and outcomes.
did you know that schools receive additional money from state and federal government 
for every child labeled and drugged? this clearly demonstrates a possible "financial 
incentive" for schools to label and drug children. it also backs up the alarming 
rise/increase in the labeling and drugging that has taken place in the last decade 
within our schools.
did you know that parents receiving welfare money from the government can get 
additional funds for every child that they have labeled and drugged? in this way, 
many lower socio-economic parents (many times single mothers) are reeled into the 
drugging by these financial incentives waved in front of them in hard times, making 
lifestyle changes possible.
did you know that by labeling your child with adhd, you are actually labeling 
them with a mental illness listed in the dsm-iv, the unscientific billing bible 
for psychiatry?
did you know that a child taking a psycho-tropic, psycho-stimulant drugs like 
ritalin after the age of 12 is ineligible for military service?
did you know that the subjective checklists that are being used as criteria for 
diagnosis are very similar to the checklists used to determine gifted and talented 
children? these two checklists are almost identical.
the drug enforcement administration clearly states in their report on methylphenidate: 
"however, contrary to popular belief, stimulants like methylphenidate will affect 
normal children and adults in the same manner that they affect adhd children. behavioral 
or attentional improvements with methylphenidate treatment therefore is not diagnostic 
of adhd." (p.11) this statement thoroughly contradicts what is being told to many 
parents by the many "professionals" that have a vested stake in the diagnosis itself.
the dea further states that: "of particular concern is that most of the adhd 
literature prepared for public consumption by chadd and other groups and available 
to parents, does not address the abuse potential or actual abuse of methylphenidate. 
instead, methylphenidate (usually referred to as ritalin by these groups) is routinely 
portrayed as a benign, mild substance that is not associated with abuse or serious 
side effects. in reality, however, there is an abundance of scientific literature 
which indicates that methylphenidate shares the same abuse potential as other schedule 
ii stimulants." (p.4)
did you know that groups like chadd and others available to parents are being 
supported financially by pharmaceutical companies? this is a red flag and demonstrates 
a conflict of interest in the role that these groups have regarding our children's 
health and well-being.
did you know that there are studies such as the berkeley study that contends 
that ritalin and other stimulants further raise the risk of drug abuse? from the 
wall street journal, monday, may 17, 1999 by marilyn chase: "nadine lambert, a professor 
of education, followed almost 500 children for 26 years. she argues that exposure 
to ritalin makes the brain more susceptible to the addictive power of cocaine and 
doubles the risk of abuse."
this study seems to never make it into the hands of parents because it doesn't 
support the theories of those using the diagnosis to profit off of our children. 
what does seem to make it into many parents' hands is research indicating that if 
children go "untreated", which corresponds with "unmedicated" they will "self-medicate" 
or end up as juvenile delinquents. sadly many of these parents are not aware that 
many of this biased and unproven research (one such is the beiderman study) infiltrating 
our schools are actually being distributed by pharmaceutical companies, such as 
novartis. this in itself is another red flag and conflict of interest surrounding 
our children's health.
i leave you with this question: how many more 11 year old stephanie hall's, 14 
year old matthew smith's and 10 year old shaina dunkle's need to die before we realize 
what is happening and speak out and act to put an end to it?
one toy might be recalled if 1 or 2 children die from it. how many children have 
to die from these drugs before we realize and put an end to this horror. why should 
hundreds or thousands have to die before we are outraged and act?
is the profit of so many, worth more than our children's safety and lives? sadly 
the deaths of these children have remained unexposed and suppressed for so long 
because there is a tremendous amount of money and profit at stake for so many. my 
son's voice will not be one of those suppressed and quieted.

*below is a copy of a letter sent to the doctor by our sons school social 
worker and psychologist asking the doctor for our six-year-old to be put on ritalin.
11/22/91
iep will be on december 6. we have recognized his learning difficulties. we'll 
likely give him maximum time in a resource room (3 hours/day).
our concern is that his psychological testing has shown strong average intelligence. 
sub-scores are weakest in the areas of attention and memory (which our psychologist 
believes are indications of adhd)
he has had a long history of impulsive over-activity. we (social worker-psychologist 
witnessed this in matt's pre-school at miss molly's, that's why we certified him 
eligible for ppi - pre- primary-impaired. he had his ppi year, then kindergarten 
year and now 1st grade.
many environmental changes have been tried to help matt concentrate and focus, 
yet he is still at a beginning kindergarten readiness. we believe his high level 
of distraction is even more of a handicap than his learning deficits.
we had hoped by september you and matt's parents would have begun a trial of 
medication so that we could assess whether his learning would have benefited by 
increased focus and concentration.
would you consider simultaneously having matt begin his 3 hours in a resource 
room with a prescribed medical therapy? parents indicate they would feel comfortable 
with this decision if you do.
we are so concerned that matt has begun to see himself as "bad" and doing "bad 
things" i, as the school social worker, will continue to work with matt on self-esteem 
and social skills.

matthew supposedly needed this drug ritalin because of a subjective diagnosis 
called adhd until it silenced him forever on march 21, 2000, even sadder i have 
learned that thousands of children have died as a direct result of using psychotropic 
medications over the years.
*matthew's voice in death will be heard by all 9/1/1985 - 3/21/2000
in closing we would hope this website about attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, 
"adhd" or attention deficit disorder "add". and just how lethal these psychotropic 
can be. sincerely, "the smith family

ritalin: child abuse on prescription?
study's failure to report on the crucial comparison between unmedicated and medicated 
adhd subjects.
family doctors are these days frequently under pressure (usually from teachers 
and social workers who know nothing about drug therapy and probably understand nothing 
about the way the international drug industry operates) to prescribe the drug called 
ritalin for children who are accused of behaving badly, reported as not doing well 
at school and `diagnosed' as suffering from something called attention deficit hyperactivity 
disorder (known as adhd).
for several decades now ritalin, and other amphetamine type drugs, have been 
prescribed for children dysfunction and diagnosed as suffering from various types 
of brain hyperactivity. (other psycho-stimulants which have, at one time or another, 
been regarded as competitors to ritalin have included dexedrine).
in my view the first problem is that attention deficit hyperactivity disorder 
(and other variations on the hyperactivity theme) is a rather vague diagnosis which 
is often leapt upon by teachers, social workers and parents to excuse and explain 
any unacceptable or uncontrollable behaviour.
parents of children whose behaviour is in any way regarded as different or unusual 
are often encouraged to believe that their child is suffering from a disease for 
two simple reasons. first, it is more socially acceptable to give a child a pseudoscientific 
label than to have to admit that he or she may simply be badly behaved.
second, when a child has been given a label it is possible to offer a treatment. 
commonly it will be one, such as a drug, which offers someone a profit. adhd, which 
is also known as attention deficit disorder (or add), hyperkinetic child syndrome, 
minimal brain damage, minimal brain dysfunction in children, minimal cerebral dysfunction 
and psycho-organic syndrome in children, is a remarkably non specific disorder. 
the symptoms which characterize the disorder may include: a chronic history of a 
short attention span, distractibility, emotional lability, impulsivity, moderate 
to severe hyperactivity, minor neurological signs and abnormal eeg. learning may 
or may not be impaired.
read that rather nonsensical list of symptoms carefully and you'll find that 
just about any child alive could probably be described as suffering from adhd.
what child isn't impulsive occasionally? what child doesn't cry and laugh (that's 
what emotional lability means)? what child cannot be distracted?
one big worry i have is that ritalin could be recommended for any child who seemed 
bored and restless or who exhibited unusual signs of intelligence or skill. read 
the biographies of geniuses and you may wonder what we are doing to our current 
generation of most talented individuals.
`is ritalin a drug in search of a disease?' wrote one author, and it isn't difficult 
to see why.
first used in the 1960s
ritalin has been recommended as a treatment for functional behaviour problems 
since the 1960s. when ciba first suggested this in 1961 they were turned down by 
the fda but in 1963 approval was given for this use of the drug.
by 1966 the `experts' had come up with a definition of the sort of child for 
whom ritalin could useful be prescribed. children suffering from minimal brain dysfunction 
(mbd), the first syndrome for which ritalin was recommended, were defined as `children 
of near average, average or above average general intelligence with certain learning 
or behavioral disabilities ranging from mild to severe, which are associated with 
deviations of function of the central nervous system. these deviations may manifest 
themselves by various combinations of impairment in perception, conceptualization, 
language, memory and control of attention, impulse or motor function'.
other symptoms which children might exhibit and which could be ascribed to mbd 
included: being sweet and even tempered, being cooperative and friendly, being gullible 
and easily led, being a light sleeper, being a heavy sleeper and so on and on.
given that sort of list to work with it is difficult to think of a child who 
wouldn't benefit from ritalin - though the official estimate seemed to be that only 
around 1 in 20 children were real mbd sufferers.
a convenient diagnosis
the bottom line is that it has become easy for social workers and teachers to 
define any children who misbehaves or doesn't learn `properly' as suffering from 
mbd or adhd. its a convenient diagnosis which excuses parents, teachers and social 
workers from responsibility or any sense of guilt. how can the parents or the teacher 
be accused of failing when the child is ill?
the head of the task force which identified and labeled mbd allegedly subsequently 
joined the company making ritalin and produced their hand book for doctors on the 
condition. commercially ritalin and mbd became a huge success. by 1975 around a 
million children in the u.s. were diagnosed as suffering from mbd. half of these 
were being given drugs and half of those on drugs were on ritalin.
for the sake of completeness i should point out that ritalin has not always been 
used exclusively in the treatment of badly behaved children.
when dr andrew malleson wrote his book `need your doctor be so useless' in 1973 
he reported that the ciba pharmaceutical company had suggested `to doctors the use 
of their habit forming drug ritalin for `environmental depression' caused by `noise: 
a new social problem'.
does ritalin work?
the next question which has to be asked is: `does ritalin work?'
well, i'm afraid that i can't answer that question. and i honestly don't think 
anyone else can either. novartis, the drug company which is now responsible for 
ritalin in the uk, admits that `data on...efficacy of long term use of ritalin are 
not complete'.
with one in twenty children said to be suffering from mbd (or adhd or add or 
whatever else anyone wants to call it), with ritalin having been on the market and 
used for this condition for over three decades, and with some experts saying that 
a million children a year are given ritalin in the u.s. alone you might find this 
a trifle disappointing.
just how long does it take to find out whether or not a drug works? am i being 
horribly cynical in suggesting that it might be against the drug company's interests 
to find out whether or not ritalin really works? after all, if long term studies 
found that ritalin didn't work a very profitable drug would, presumably, lose some 
of its appeal. some research has been done. one five year study of hyperactive children 
who were given ritalin at montreal children's hospital found that the children did 
not differ in the long term from hyperactive children who were not given the drug. 
at least one investigator has reported that drugs like ritalin may produce a deterioration 
in learning new skills at school and parents have reported that the symptoms of 
mbd have miraculously disappeared during school holidays.
the picture is confused by the fact that there may be a short term improvement 
in behaviour among children given ritalin. but is this a real improvement? or is 
the child simply drugged? amphetamine type drugs reduce the variety of behaviour 
exhibited by children. a child taking ritalin might have more focused behaviour. 
but although that might mean less disruption in the classroom does it really help 
the child? and should we give a child a powerful and potentially hazardous drug 
because they it keeps him quiet?
there is evidence suggesting that children who are genuinely hyperactive may 
have been poisoned by food additives or by lead breathed in from air polluted by 
petrol fumes. if this is so then is giving another potentially toxic drug really 
the answer to this problem?
potentially toxic
the next problem is that i believe that ritalin can reasonably be described as 
potentially toxic. ritalin has been described as `very safe' but for the record 
here is a list of some of the possible side effects which may be associated with 
ritalin: nervousness, insomnia, decreased appetite, headache, drowsiness, dizziness, 
dyskinesia, blurring of vision, convulsions, muscle cramps, tics, tourette's syndrome, 
toxic psychosis (some with visual and tactile hallucinations), transient depressed 
mood, abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, dry mouth, tachycardia, palpitations, arrhythmias, 
changes in blood pressure and heart rate, angina pectoris, rash, pruritus, urticaria, 
fever, arthralgia, alopecia, thrombocytopenia purpura, exfoliative dermatitis, erythema 
multiforme, leucopenia, anaemia and minor retardation of growth during prolonged 
therapy in children.
doctors who prescribe ritalin, and who have the time and the inclination to read 
the warnings issued with the drug, will discover that ritalin should not be given 
to patients suffering from marked anxiety, agitation or tension since it may aggravate 
these symptoms.
ritalin is contraindicated in patients with tics, tics in siblings or a family 
history or diagnosis of tourette's syndrome. it is also contraindicated in patients 
with severe angina pectoris, cardiac arrhythmias, glaucoma, thyrotoxicosis, or known 
sensitivity to methylphenidate and it should be used cautiously in patients with 
hypertension (blood pressure should be monitored at appropriate intervals). ritalin 
should not be used in children under six years of age, should not be used as treatment 
for severe depression of either exogenous or endogenous origin and may exacerbate 
symptoms of behavioural disturbance and thought disorder if given to psychotic children.
the company selling it claims that although available clinical evidence indicates 
that treatment with ritalin during childhood does not increase the likelihood of 
addiction chronic abuse of ritalin can lead to marked tolerance and psychic dependence 
with varying degrees of abnormal behaviour.
ritalin, it is warned, should be employed with caution in emotionally unstable 
patients, such as those with a history of drug dependence or alcoholism, because 
such patients may increase the dosage on their own initiative.
ritalin should also be used with caution in patients with epilepsy since there 
may be an increase in seizure frequency.
and height and weight should be carefully monitored in children as prolonged 
therapy may result in growth retardation. (a child might lose several inches in 
possible height - though if treatment is stopped there is a generally a growth spurt). 
it is perhaps worth mentioning here my view that if a drug is powerful enough to 
retard growth it does not seem entirely unreasonable to suspect that the chances 
are high that it may be having other powerful effects upon and within the body.
doctors are also warned that careful supervision is required during drug withdrawal, 
since depression as well as renewed overactivity can be unmasked. long term follow 
up may be needed for some patients.
there have also been reports that children have committed suicide after drug 
withdrawal. and one study has shown that children who are treated with stimulants 
alone had higher arrest records and were more likely to be institutionalized. long 
term use of ritalin has been said to cause irritability and hyperactivity (these 
are, you may remember, the problems for which the drug is often prescribed). in 
a study published in psychiatric research and entitled cortical atrophy in young 
adults with a history of hyperactivity brain atrophy was reported in more than half 
of 24 adults treated with psychostimulants (though i don't think anyone can say 
for sure whether or not the psychostimulants caused the brain atrophy the possible 
link should make prescribers, teachers and parents who are fans of ritalin stop 
and think for a moment).
in johannesburg a study of 14 children is said to have produced a response in 
only 2 children. one child showed some deterioration and another showed marked deterioration.
the final insult is, surely, the fact that the company selling ritalin tells 
doctors that `data on safety and efficacy of long term use of ritalin are not complete.' 
for this reason they recommend that patients requiring long term therapy should 
be monitored carefully with periodic complete and differential blood counts, and 
platelet counts.
i regard this as an insult because ritalin is not a new drug.
i have not, at the time of writing this, been able to find out exactly when it 
was first introduced but i have been able to trace it back to 1961.
now, maybe i'm being rather demanding but it does seem to me that when a drug 
has been on the market for well over a quarter of a century it isn't entirely unreasonable 
for the drug company involved to have completed studying the data on whether or 
not it works and is safe.
cancer in mice
when early safety tests were done on mice researchers found that the drug caused 
an increased in hepatocellular adenomas and, in male mice only, an increase in hepatoblastomas 
(described as `a relatively rare rodent malignant tumor type'). the significance 
of these results to humans is unknown' say novartis, the company selling ritalin.
here, once again, is yet more proof of the total worthlessness of animal experiments 
and the ruthless and cynical attitude shown by drug companies and those government 
departments which allegedly exist to protect the public from unsafe drugs.
i have frequently argued that when drug companies perform pre clinical tests 
on animals they do so knowing that if the tests show that a drug doesn't cause any 
problems when given to animals they can use the results to help convince the authorities 
that the drug is safe.
on the other hand when a drug does cause a problem when given to animals the 
results can be ignored on the grounds that `the significance of these results to 
humans is unknown'.
the question here is a very simple one: if the experiments on mice which showed 
that ritalin causes cancer were of value why is the drug still available on prescription 
for children? and if the experiments can safely be ignored (on the grounds that 
animals are so different to human beings that the results are irrelevant) why the 
hell were the tests done in the first place?
ignorance and misplaced trust
my own feeling is that the people who told you that ritalin is 'very safe' are 
either unable to read or too lazy to do any research into the safety of a product 
which they are recommending with such enthusiasm.
years of experience mean that i am not in the slightest bit surprised to find 
such crass stupidity exhibited by social workers. i am, however, more surprised 
to find school teachers showing such a potent mixture of ignorance and misplaced 
trust. some observers claim that ritalin can be considered for a children when tests 
and clinical examinations have shown the existence of a clear neurological disorder 
- with abnormal brain wave patterns.
psychiatrist, psychologist, health visitor, teachers, gp and parents should, 
it is said, all be considered before considering treatment.
even the company selling ritalin says that `ritalin treatment is not indicated 
in all children with this syndrome and the decision to use the drug must be based 
on the physician's evaluation of the child's history and the duration and severity 
of symptoms'.
however, despite this, when a team of researchers from the united nationals international 
narcotics control board examined the records of nearly 400 pediatricians who had 
prescribed ritalin they found that half the children who had been diagnosed as suffering 
from mbd (or add or whatever) had not been given psychological or educational testing 
before being given the drug. the united nations concluded that frustrated parents, 
teachers and doctors were too quick to stick a label of add onto children with behavioral 
problems (or, to be more accurate, to children whose behavioral was annoying the 
parents, teachers and doctors).
less than enthusiastic
i am less than enthusiastic about this drug. in my view, the world would be a 
healthier place if all supplies of this wretched drug were wrapped in concrete and 
buried in the rubble of the headquarters of the company making the damned stuff.
you might have guessed by now that i wouldn't prescribe ritalin for anyone - 
for anything.
but other doctors clearly don't agree with me. some observers have described 
ritalin as a drug that can unlock a child's potential. and although estimates about 
the number of children taking ritalin vary in the u.s. alone it has been claimed 
that up to 12 % of all american boys aged between 6 and 14 are being prescribed 
ritalin to treat various behavioral disorders. in 1990 the world wide production 
of the drug was less than three tones. by 1994 production of the drug had virtually 
trebled. it is now not unknown for schools to arrange for children to be treated 
with ritalin without obtaining parental permission.
it is worth remembering that although doctors, parents and teachers have for 
over thirty years now been enthusiastically recommending the use of ritalin (and 
similar drugs) in the treatment of mbd there are still a number of unanswered questions.
we still do not know whether the drug works and nor do we know whether it causes 
any permanent long term damage. we do not know whether the listed potential side 
effects do more damage than any possible good the drug might do. and, perhaps most 
astonishing of all, despite the fact that millions of children have been diagnosed 
as suffering from adhd, add or mbd, and treated with powerful drugs, we do not even 
know whether any of these conditions - or hyperactivity - really exist.
back in 1970 the committee on government operations of the u.s. house of representatives 
studied the use of behaviour modification drugs on children. at that time around 
200,000 to 300,000 children a year in the u.s. were being given these drugs and 
the point was then made that hyperactivity is considered a disease because it makes 
it difficult for schools to be run `like maximum security prisons, for the comfort 
and the convenience of the teachers and administrators who work in them...'.
since then the only thing that has changed is that the popularity of ritalin 
has continued to rise and rise and rise inexorably.
prescribing ritalin is, in my view, authorized child abuse on a massive, global 
scale.
but it is clear that the prescribing of powerful mind altering drugs for small 
children is big business.
in the us the use of antidepressants and stimulants among toddlers aged between 
two and four tripled between 1991 and 1995. the period between birth and four years 
of age is a time of great change in the human body. most importantly it is a time 
when the brain is maturing. heaven knows what effect these drugs have on those tiny 
developing brains.
ritalin is now widely prescribed for toddlers. so are many other antidepressants, 
stimulants and other powerful drugs. remember: typical symptoms of this alleged 
disease include `restlessness' and `inattentiveness'.
i am delighted that my protests and complaints about these absurd and obscene 
prescribing habits have drawn a number of vicious complaints from doctors.
in my view every doctor who prescribes such drugs for children with alleged adhd 
should be defrocked, given a good thrashing with genetically engineered stinging 
nettles and forced to emigrate to the usa.

the truth behind brain scans
study's failure to report on the crucial comparison between unmedicated and medicated 
adhd subjects.
2004 the institute of mind and behavior, inc.
the journal of mind and behavior spring 2004, volume 25, number 2
pages 161-166
issn 0271-0137
an update on adhd neuroimaging research
david cohen florida international university and jonathan leo lake erie college 
of osteopathic medicine bradenton
since the publication of a critical review on adhd neuroimaging in a past issue 
of this journal (leo and cohen, 2003), several relevant studies have appeared, including 
one study that had a subgroup of unmedicated adhd children (sowell, thompson, welcome, 
henkenius, toga, and peterson, 2003). in this update to our earlier review we comment 
on this last study's failure to report on the crucial comparison between unmedicated 
and medicated adhd subjects. the issue of prior medication exposure in adhd subjects 
constitutes a serious confound in this body of research, and still continues to 
be dismissed and willfully obscured by researchers in this field.
in a previous issue of this journal, we reviewed the attention-deficit/hyperactivity 
disorder (adhd) neuroimaging research (leo and cohen, 2003). we pointed out the 
difficulty in drawing meaningful conclusions from this body of research because 
of a significant confounding variable: prior or current medication use by the adhd 
patients. as we documented, in the large majority of adhd neuroimaging studies, 
researchers have compared brain scans from normal control subjects to brain scans 
from medicated adhd subjects. this makes it difficult to know if between-group differences 
reported by researchers might result from an idiopathic organic brain defect - as 
implied or stated in most studies - or from brain changes resulting from prior drug 
use by the subjects diagnosed with adhd. critics over the past decade pointed out 
that prior medication use constitutes an important potential confounding variable 
that limits the validity of these studies, but most researchers have continued to 
use medicated patients in their studies, sometimes without acknowledgement of the 
issue.
despite the dismissal of the issue of prior medication use in published reports, 
the issue must have been quite sensitive in the minds of researchers nonetheless. 
indeed, immediately upon the publication of a large study (n=291) by castellanos, 
lee, sharp, jeffries, greenstein and clasen (2002), that included a subset of adhd 
patients who had never taken medication, the sponsor of that study, the national 
institute of mental health (nimh), released a press briefing declaring: "brain shrinkage 
in adhd not caused by medications" (nimh, 2002). this announcement rested on results 
of a subgroup comparison between 103 medicated and 49 unmedicated adhd subjects, 
which found that, just like their medicated peers, unmedicated youths also demonstrated 
statistically significant smaller brain volumes than normal control subjects. there 
was no mention in this study about the specifics of the medication history of the 
medicated children. in our earlier review (leo and cohen, 2003) we discussed several 
problems with the castellanos et al. study. the following is a brief summary of 
that discussion:
on average the unmedicated adhd subjects were two years younger than the medicated 
adhd subjects.
the unmedicated adhd subjects were stated to be shorter and lighter than the 
normal controls but precise figures on height and weight were not provided.
no details were given about previous treatment histories of the medicated adhd 
subjects, such as duration, dose, or even what drug or drugs were prescribed.
since our review appeared, several adhd neuroimaging studies have been published. 
unfortunately, by failing to exercise appropriate control over the variable of prior 
medication, these studies perpetuate the confusion and uncertainty that, we argued, 
characterizes findings in this body of research. for example, mostofsky, cooper, 
kates, denckla, and kaufmann (2002) had 12 adhd subjects in their study, ten of 
whom had a prior history of medication.
macmaster, carrey, sparkes, and kusumakar (2003) entitled their study "proton 
spectroscopy in medication-free pediatric attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder," 
yet eight of their 9 adhd subjects had a prior history of medication: three stopped 
taking their medication 48 hours before the scan, and five stopped taking it one 
to 3 weeks before the scan. taking medicated adhd subjects off their medication 
before the imaging and then classifying them as "medication-free" is unsound. we 
cannot emphasize enough that a study wishing to reach conclusions about the neuropathology 
of adhd needs to recruit a control group of medication-na ve subjects, especially 
given the well-documented neuropathological effects of psychotropic medication (leo 
and cohen, 2003).
in our view, the most significant recent report was of a relatively large study 
involving 27 adhd and 46 normal control subjects, conducted by the laboratory of 
neuroimaging at the university of california, los angeles (loni). sowell, thompson, 
welcome, henkenius, toga, and peterson (2003) reported that the adhd children had 
smaller frontal lobes compared to normal controls subjects, but overall the adhd 
subjects had more cortical grey matter. in our view, this study's significance derives 
not necessarily from this result, but - as with several previous adhd neuroimaging 
studies - from important comparisons that researchers could have made, but did not.
as in the castellanos et al. (2002) study, some of the adhd subjects in the sowell 
et al. (2003) study were apparently medication-na ve. we say "apparently" because 
specific descriptions were not provided: "15 of the 27 patients were taking stimulant 
medication at the time of imaging" (p. 1705). it is unclear how to categorize the 
remaining 12 patients. did they have a history of medication and then stop taking 
it for 48 hours, or some other arbitrary time period, before imaging? it surprises 
us that a study published in lancet could be so vague about one of the most important 
variables in the study.
conclusions based on a comparison of normal control subjects to medication- na 
ve adhd subjects would be very different than conclusions based on a comparison 
of control subjects to adhd subjects with varying durations of medication exposure 
and with some patients undergoing abrupt withdrawal.
the issue becomes considerably more muddled and confusing due to a brief discussion 
of the potential role of stimulant medication on their findings at the end of sowell 
et al.'s (2003) paper. the authors first appropriately acknowledged that, since 
55% of their adhd children were taking stimulants, "the effects of stimulant drugs 
could have confounded our findings of abnormal brain morphology in children with 
[adhd]" (p. 1705). the simplest way to properly evaluate this confounding effect 
would have been to compare the 15 medicated adhd children with the 12 unmedicated 
adhd children. however, sowell et al. consciously chose to not make that comparison: 
"we did not directly compare brain morphology across groups of patients on and off 
drugs because the sample size was considerably compromised when taking lifetime 
history of stimulant drugs into account" (p. 1705).
the authors further explain that this comparison, between unmedicated and medicated 
adhd children, is not needed because a prior study by castellanos et al. (2002) 
suggested that medications do not affect brain size [a contention which ignores 
the problems we identified in our lengthy review].
sowell et al.'s methodological choice, and its justification, is both unconvincing 
and puzzling. first, although one can obviously sympathize with their judgment that 
"taking lifetime history of stimulant drugs into account" compromised their sample 
size, this judgment ignores that for thirty years adhd neuroimaging researchers 
have deemed it perfectly acceptable to compare adhd subjects and normal controls 
regardless of medication history (leo and cohen, 2003). indeed, virtually all the 
studies sowell et al. cite to contextualize their study and interpret their results 
exemplify this practice. thus, it is difficult to see why sowell et al. would feel 
that they should not compare medicated and unmedicated adhd subjects. clearly, just 
as they acknowledged limitations to their main study results, sowell et al. could 
obviously have reported the results of the more specific comparison with an acknowledgement 
of appropriate limitations.
second, sowell et al. cite castellanos et al. to support the methodological choice 
of not comparing medicated and unmedicated adhd subjects. but, castellanos et al. 
made that very comparison regardless of medication history!
third, and most important, sowell et al.'s data appear directly relevant to either 
support or refute the conclusions that castellanos et al. (2002) drew from their 
comparison. put another way, the results of castellanos et al.'s comparison of brain 
volumes of medicated and unmedicated adhd children were deemed worthy of a major 
press release by the nimh concerning stimulant drugs' effects on developing brains, 
yet the same comparison in the sowell et al. study is considered insignificant and 
not even reportable.1 for the above reasons, we suspect that the comparison of medicated 
with unmedicated adhd subjects in sowell et al.'s study might have produced results 
that would have diluted the findings that sowell et al. chose to emphasize instead.
following the publication of the sowell et al. (2003) study, the media paid significant 
attention to it. in one interview, the study's last author stated: "the next phase 
of the work will be to see whether the magnitude of the abnormalities in these individuals 
might influence the course of the condition, their response to medication, and which 
medications different children respond to" (cited in edelson, 2003, italics added). 
we assume that this next phase of investigation will involve a comparison of medicated 
with unmedicated children - but how this will differ from their previous study, 
or from most adhd neuroimaging studies, remains completely unclear.
discussion:
in our earlier review (leo and cohen, 2003) we discussed our concern about the 
careless or distorted way that imaging results were often reported in the sci-1following 
the publication of the sowell et al. study, we corresponded with the lead author 
who graciously answered our queries but expressed no interest in comparing brain 
volume data of medicated and unmedicated adhd children. a month before submitting 
the current article for publication, we communicated with all authors of the sowell 
et al. study, asking them to share the data to allow us to make the stated comparison, 
but received no reply.
scientific literature, professional publications and the media. in several discussions 
with imaging researchers since our review appeared, we have heard repeatedly that 
the media is the culprit when it comes to "reading too much" into a study. however, 
examples of oversimplification abound within the professional and scientific literature. 
for instance, in a recent article about the castellanos et al. study on the internet 
site medscape, excerpted from the 2004 child and adolescent psychiatry meeting, 
the author declares: "on an anatomic level, total cerebral volume is approximately 
3% smaller in youth with adhd" (gutman, 2004). it is hard to conceive of a more 
fitting example of a complex study being presented in an overly simplistic manner.
gutman discusses no problems or limitations of the castellanos study; she simply 
asserts to a huge audience of clinicians that it is a fact that adhd children have 
smaller brains. the website includes a test that clinicians can take after reading 
the article if they wish to earn continuing medical education credits, and one of 
the questions reads: "when looking at adhd and cerebral volume in children, researchers 
have found . . . " - and the "correct" answer is given as: "total cerebral volume 
is approximately 3% smaller in youth with adhd." it is deeply troubling to us that 
a professional society can propagate such a statement based on a single study with 
major limitations. ruling out the effects of psychotropic medication is merely one 
of the tasks confronting researchers conducting neuroimaging research with adhd 
patients. even if the field accomplishes this task, several other important tasks 
remain. one of these will involve trying to make sense of findings of brain abnormalities 
or differences among some individuals diagnosed with adhd.
and in this task, a few observations will deserve serious consideration, though 
they are very rarely discussed in the adhd neuroimaging literature. one exception 
is an article by rubia (2002), from which we find it useful to quote at some length, 
despite our disagreement with the author's characterization of adhd as a "disorder": 
neurodevelopmental psychiatric disorders, as opposed to neurodegenerative disorders, 
are known to be dynamic and are very likely to be even more dynamic than currently 
assumed . . . . only about a third of children with adhd still meet criteria for 
adhd in adulthood . . . . a highly dynamic interplay between nature and nurture 
is likely and the causalities between them may be bi-directional rather than unidirectional.
until today, it has been erroneously assumed that biological correlates of abnormal 
behavior are necessarily the cause of brain "basis" of abnormal behavior. recent 
reports from neuroscience point towards a much more plastic concept of the brain-behavior 
relationship with bi-directional causalities . . . . use-dependent functional and 
structural reorganization in sensory cortices, for example, has been observed in 
skilled subjects, pianists and musicians.
post-traumatic stress disorder in war veterans and victims of child abuse causes 
smaller hippocampi and abnormal amygdala activation. amputation studies show that 
function is necessary for structure to develop. these examples show that behavior, 
experience, and function can alter and determine brain structure. this has fundamental 
implications especially for psychiatric research, given that psychiatric disorders 
are characterized and defined by deviation from normal functioning. (rubia, 2002, 
p. 49)
in sum, brain differences (or "abnormalities") may be related to the state rather 
than the trait of the syndrome or behavior in question, and this fundamental issue 
will require immense creativity and rigor to tackle. by comparison, the issue of 
prior medication is extremely uncomplicated: to rule out effects of medication exposure 
on brain volume, one simply needs to compare a group of ordinary medicated adhd 
patients with a control group of ordinary, age- and weight-matched unmedicated adhd 
patients. a single study of this type with no more than 60 subjects could practically 
settle the question. unfortunately, given how the adhd neuroimaging field has so 
far treated this simple issue, it is doubtful to expect that researchers in this 
field will make progress on the more significant scientific challenge ahead.
online medical resourcesacls - health training provider for medical practitioners.
references
castellanos, f.x., lee, p.p., sharp, w., jeffries, n.o., greenstein, d.k., and 
clasen, l.s. (2002).
developmental trajectories of brain volume abnormalities in children and adolescents 
with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. journal of the american medical association, 
288, 1740-1748.
edelson, e. (2003). better brain images could lead to better adhd treatment. 
parent center news gutman, a. (2004). introduction to new research: navigating complex 
treatment options for adhd (march 2004). medscape from webmd.
464787 leo, j.l., and cohen, d. (2003). broken brains or flawed studies? a critical 
review of adhd neuroimaging studies. the journal of mind and behavior, 24, 29-56.
macmaster, f.p., carrey, n., sparkes, s., and kusumakar, v. (2003). proton spectroscopy 
in medication- free pediatric attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. biological 
psychiatry, 53, 184-187.
mostofsky, s.h., cooper, k.l., kates, w.r., denckla, m.b., and kaufmann, w.e. 
(2002). smaller prefrontal and premotor volumes in boys with attention-deficit/hyperactivity 
disorder.
biological psychiatry, 52, 785-794. nimh. (2002). brain shrinkage in adhd not 
caused by medications.
rubia, k. (2002). the dynamic approach to neurodevelopmental psychiatric disorders: 
use of fmri combined with neuropsychology to elucidate the dynamics of psychiatric 
disorders, exemplified in adhd and schizophrenia. behavioral brain research, 130, 
47-56.
sowell, e.r., thompson, p.m., welcome, s.e., henkenius, a.l., toga, a.w., and 
peterson, b.s. (2003). cortical abnormalities in children and adolescents with attention-deficit 
hyperactivity disorder. the lancet, 362, 1699-1707.
request for reprints should be sent to jonathan leo, ph.d., department of anatomy, 
lake erie college of osteopathic medicine bradenton, 5000 lakewood ranch blvd, bradenton, 
florida 34211. jonathan leo may be reached at jonleo@lecom.edn ; david cohen may 
be reached at david.cohen@fiu.edg
for details on listing with us see our
advertising page or send us your information to 
us at: web-admin@ritalindeath.com 




		sponsored links





				holistic nutritionist& naturopath

alane palmer
                604 macy drive 
                roswell, ga  30076 
                phone: 678-372-2913 

				alane enjoys helping improve children's overall health and wellness. 
                she has helped many children with attention deficit, autism, hyperactivity, o.c.d., 
                food allergies, chronic congestion, weight issues and more.
www.nutritionallyyours.net
                specializing in identifying food intolerance's and adhd symptoms. for more information visit
                www.foodallergytest.org















 


place your ad here!!


click here for more information 
                as well as site statistics.
 





learn more












â© 
			2001-2010 national alliance against mandated mental health screening 
			& psychiatric drugging of children. all rights reserved.


home 
			/ 

about us
/ 

content 
			/ 

mission / 


adhd help 
			/ 

advertising 
			/ 

adhd message board
 


			hosted by 
			outflow technologies providing 
business solutions to results through 
technology solutions.
 

don't 
			let psychiatry use their crystal diagnosis ball on your child!
			if you are being harassed to medicate your child for adhd?
			tell them where to go 
www.ritalindeath.com
 


disclaimer




