











home - michelle mckinney hammond




















































































 













toggle navigationabout
booking

booking information
media and online interviews
pre-taped presentation/ sermons/ online conferences


media

media info
press release


store

books
music
video courses
resources
mmh merch
mmh tours


mmh academy

academy
the love masterclass
ultimate package


mmh tours
mmh connect

podcasts
blog
facebook
instagram
twitter
thread
link tree
mmh collections


ministry

the diva principle
relevance
compassion international
diva llc


donate
contact
homemichelle mckinney hammondjuly 31, 2020november 12, 2024






 


 


 


 


 


 





michelle mckinney hammond
known as the queen of reinvention, michelle mckinney hammond leads audiences on a journey through what it means to be empowered to live to their fullest potential, be significant, acquire spiritual completion and experience fulfilling love.


she brings a refreshing perspective to age-old scriptural principles and transformational truths. profound lessons, laced with humor and practicality, are her trademarks. she remains an unforgettable addition to any conversation or event.

read more




speaker




speaker
michelle mckinney hammond has spoken on some of the largest international stages including the crystal cathedral, the potters house, world changers, kicc uk, new birth, ray of hope, city of refuge, ruach city church uk, rivers sa, this present house, city of david, jesus house uk, and word of faith family worship center.
find out more









author




author
michelle mckinney hammond has authored over 40 books (selling over two million copies worldwide), including best-selling titles, what to do until love finds you, secrets of an irresistible woman, the diva principle, sassy, single and satisfied, 101 ways to get and keep his attention, if men are like buses and the power of being a woman.
find out more









coach




coach
as a lifestyle architect and certified relationship coach michelle mckinney hammond specializes in helping others determine their purpose, effectively utilize their gifts, maximize their potential and experience more fulfilling relationships. she will help you unearth limiting habits and beliefs while giving you applicable tools that help you obtain the life you envision.
find out more




speaking
for all speaking engagement inquiries look at our speaking page, complete the appropriate form, and submit.

the best de.upscalerolex.to and prices here. wholesale all brand 1:1 cheap dearhow.to. shop for imitazioni rolex on etsy. cheap www.noob.to under $52 glorious, handy, high quality. the proper management about wrists and hands, spirit and additionally technique is definitely a need for cheap https://perfectrolexwatch.to. www.replicacrr.ru is very special in our store. elegant style is the characteristics of swiss https://www.sid.to/. https://www.vapesstores.com/ rolex functions legitimate sized as well as quality.
view all upcoming eventsbook michelle for your next eventrelevance
relevance, headed by bestselling author and international speaker michelle mckinney hammond, has evolved from the traditional church model to a ministry focused on outreach and special events. we believe that what the world needs now is not another church, but people being the church.
choosing to move the church beyond the walls in the spirit of the great commission, relevance has turned its attention toward the unsaved, unchurched, and those seeking a departure from religion to relationship.
creating their own special brand of “rockspiration”, they’ve written over 250 songs blending an eclectic mix of rock, reggae, jazz, and african rhythms to communicate life-giving truths. they are all about making worship and the word of god relevant to the masses.

read more











mmh academylife transforming courses…
enrol now!





the love masterclass
want to know what to do until love finds you?
how to recognize the right one?
how to get from “hello” to “i do”
how to move on from heartbreak?
how to get past loneliness?
how to be happy and fulfilled no matter what your status?
the love masterclass was designed just for you! it’s all about getting real about life, love and happiness.

read morebooksvisit, amazon, barnes and nobles, christianbook.com




































view allwhat others say


ruth grahamspeaker and author of in every pew sits a broken heart, a legacy of love, and a legacy of faith“michelle mckinney hammond is such a gifted woman – a woman for our times. she pulls no punches with her rich singing, insightful teaching and profound writing. she has ministered to my own heart. i adore her outrageous humor that endears her to her audiences everywhere she goes. i feel blessed to be able to count her as a friend and colleague. ”  priscilla shirer“our world is in need of not merely skilled presenters, but more so, anointed teachers of the word of god. michelle is an incredible speaker with  new york times“by any standard, michelle mckinney hammond qualifies as a prolific writer… over 2.5 million copies of her books have been sold.”  publisher’s weekly“hammond’s is not a “name-it-and-claim-it” form of prosperity theology; she insists that in the bible, those who were highly blessed  dr. neil clark warrenfounder of eharmony.com“michelle mckinney hammond never wastes even a second of your time. she skirts no issues, never runs from controversy, and consistently  dr. gary smalleyauthor of i promise: how five commitments determine the destiny of your marriage“how to make love work gives you bite-sized principles you can apply to your interactions in order to get and give the love you need. not only  chicago tribune“over the last decade, the advertising executive-turned-relationship expert has emerged as one of the most visible faces of the christian world”  dr. teresa hairstonfounder/publisher, gospel today magazine“michelle mckinney hammond is vivacious and vibrant as a person and especially as a speaker. her warmth and personality “flow” with her biblical preparation and experience, making her a dynamic speaker! listen, get her on your calendar, she’s a blessing!  tyra martinentertainment producer, wgn tv chicago“michelle mckinney hammond is a wgn morning news fan favorite! her relationship advice segments are some of our most popular on the show  rev. dr. cynthia haleray of hope christian church”michelle mckinney hammond is the “gorgeous guru” on relationships. she speaks into our lives with the spiritual sensitivity of one who spends much time in the presence of the one who created us for relationships.”  dr. greg smalleypresident and ceo, smalley relationship center“men, if you want to become a truly godly man and husband, in search of the proverbs 31 man is a must-read. women, if you want to know what to look for  liz curtis higgsauthor of 'bad girls of the bible'“i love listening to and learning from michelle mckinney hammond! her honesty, her love for god’s word, and her heart for the audience  bunny wilson“i am always amazed at the brilliance of michelle’s delivery when she speaks. just when you think it can’t get any better, she may break  cba marketplace“michelle skillfully combines scripture, poetry, and life experiences to encourage single women in their struggles. her honesty about her life’s struggles and triumphs makes her exceptional”  shirley rosetotal living network“i have had the privilege of doing television with michelle for almost a decade. it has been a joy to work as executive producer and co-host with michelle  dr. tony and lois evansauthors of our love is here to stay“michelle flips the paradigm to look at love in a whole new way, with practical tips that are sure to challenge and improve any relationship.  pastor natalie a. francisco, ed. d.calvary community church“michelle mckinney hammond is a phenomenally gifted orator, author, singer and mentor who has an uncanny way of connecting with people  carol kentpresident, speak up speaker services international speaker and author“when michelle mckinney hammond speaks, people listen! she is highly energized, passionate about god’s truth, spirit-empowered,  lee ezell“michelle is unpredictible, yet reliable. count on her for something solid in biblical truth translated into healthy ”  


follow michelle








 follow on instagram







michelle mckinney hammondabout michelleknown as the queen of reinvention, michelle mckinney hammond leads audiences on a journey through what it means to be empowered to live to their fullest potential, be significant, acquire spiritual completion and experience fulfilling love.
she brings a refreshing perspective to age-old scriptural principles and transformational truths. profound lessons, laced with humor and practicality, are her trademarks. she remains an unforgettable addition to any conversation or event.
latest tweets tweets by mckinneyhammond 

contact tel: 312-450-7175
email: admin@michellehammond.com
 booking: ministry booking
corporate booking
media booking
online (filmed) speaking 

visit michelle’s store find out more about michelle’s audio and video messages, music, books, and e-books.
© 2023 mmh

 































































