




real estate - nj fine home summit nj - realtor new jersey






























































home


listings

carolann's listings

247 fairmount avenue
16 warwick road
12 murray hill manor


open houses
search all properties
by town

summit
millburn | short hills
the chathams
madison
harding township
new providence
berkeley heights
mountainside
maplewood
long hill township


 recently solds



buying

working with a realtor
mortgage center
the buyer book
sign up for daily updates
view my featured listings
search properties
mortgage calculator
property organizer
 client login



selling

selling overview
choosing a realtor
the seller book
free home evaluation
recently sold collection



about us

carolann clynes
client testimonials
luxury properties
trusts & estates
nj condo town home specialist



communities

summit
short hills / millburn
chatham
madison
harding
new providence
berkeley heights
mountainside
springfield
maplewood
long hill township



market stats

summit nj
short hills nj
chatham boro nj



contact

 908-400-7000 carolann
 carolann@njfinehome.com
 contact form











 





welcome tocarolann clynes
premier properties of new jersey









 






carolann clynes | summit nj realtor


 client log in






 





search nj real estate listings







preparing to sell or buy a home? 
					let these digital online e-books help you through the process!



 view "the buyer book"



 view "the seller book"







featured properties






















 12 murray hill manor, new providence

 699,500
 2 bedrooms
 3 bathrooms




























 16 warwick road, summit

 1,895,000
 5 bedrooms
 3 bathrooms




























 247 fairmount avenue, chatham

 3,950,000
 5 bedrooms
 5 bathrooms











						want more information on a featured property? get in touch 









sign up for property organizer
my property organizer allows you to save property listings and your search criteria.
read more





free home evaluation
want to know what your property is worth? get your free home evaluation today
read more





get daily email updates
receive daily email updates of all new listings customized to your specifications.
read more










towns serviced























summit



























short hills / millburn



























chatham



























madison



























harding



























new providence



























berkeley heights



























mountainside



























springfield



























maplewood



























long hill township



















client testimonials




 dear carolann,
thank you for the countless things you did to help ensure the sale of my aunt’s home.  i have great respect and appreciation for all you do and how you do it.  you are a gift to me and i treasure your friendship.  enjoy this gift and have fun.  
- judy maloney


 i will always be grateful to you for facilitating that blessing in our lives.  i am keenly aware of how hard you worked on my behalf and i am very thankful for your efforts.  
- leslie tunstall


 …pricing strategy was excellent.  
- jean and leighton andersen
81 mountain avenue, summit new jersey                                                 

 congratulations on your score of 69 out of a possible 70 points on our buyer/seller survey  
- jeff fellers, vice president, coldwell banker summit office


 excellent knowledge of local market opportunities and pricing. quickly responds to inquiries and is resourceful in locating professionals to help resolve any issues. during a lengthy escrow requirement stuck with me and the project yo get the requirement resolved despite months of waiting for the contractor. would recommend ....  
- spdelarge


 in the constellation overlooking my father's world, you have been one of the brightest stars; thank you for your help and friendship. i could not have made it without you.  
- rich little


 the quintessential full-service real estate agent
i have worked with carolann clynes on both the buy and sale side for a few residential properties. carolann provides 5-star service on every aspect of your real estate transaction -- from the initial discussion of the property to when the property changes hands … and beyond if needed, as well.   
- rachelrodino


 thank you for your friendship, support and encouragement over the many long months of my transition.  i hope that our friendship will continue beyond the recent real estate transactions.  
- adele vespa, corporate counsel to coldwell banker residential brokerage


 ...the deal actually closed, you are remarkable. i can see why you are so successful. no matter what was thrown at you there was a great response. thank you for all your skill and effort.  
- paul allen


 we worked with carolann for an extended period of time due to market conditions.  in this overall challenging environment, we were very fortunate to have such a professional on our side when we were selling and also when we were buying.  carolann guided us through every step of the way with her experience and elegance.   
- louisa li


 it is no wonder why i hold you in such high regard.  you are the best!  
- judy maloney


 we could not have asked for a better agent than carolann clynes.  she is extremely knowledgeable, particularly about the area we were looking in, professional, always diligently protected our interests, patient, and never pushy or overbearing.  she is very personable and her warm personality made it a delight to work with her.  
- dan thorn-leeson


 selling in this market is a real challenge.  carolann is a go-getter that goes above and beyond to ensure her clients get the best deal.  we had a particularly challenging transaction and if it had not been for carolann, it never would have happened.  i have seen her in action for many years on many deals.  she is an a+.  
- michael & joanne vernotico


 ...carolann is fabulous.  i told her she was my realtor for life.  carolann:  you have been wonderful.  you are my realtor for life and i will recommend you to the world.  
- sandra sauls


 as an attorney representing executors and families in the settlement of estates, and, occasionally, as the executor himself, i am pleased to recommend carolann clynes with the highest praise......  
- joseph e. imbriaco, esq.
cooper, rose & english, llp,                                                   

 as an attorney representing executors and families in the settlement of estates... i am pleased to recommend carolann clynes with the highest praise.  her judgement and experience in advising executors as to the marketing of real property held in an estate and in formulating and implementing strategies is invaluable.  
- joseph e. imbriaco, esq.


 we felt carolann was the consummate professional. i cannot adequately explain how happy i was with her service. she is without a doubt the most educated, knowledgeable and professional real estate agent i have ever dealt with and this is my third home!  
- thomas and karen devine
55 dale drive, summit new jersey                                                 

 fast, speed, moving, angling...results.  effort is for 12 year olds.  you deliver results.  that's the difference.  that's what you're about carolann.  love it.  
- mark gall


 with more than 30 years of sales experience in real estate, i was confident that my real estate transaction would go smoothly when i decided to choose carolann clynes as my realtor. as a long-time resident of summit, new jersey, she has in-depth knowledge of the town and the lifestyle it has to offer.....  
- glewis7795


 you were chosen to be on the summit place team because of your track-record for success and prior new homes experience.  you lived up to the task and have been a vital member of the sales team.  it was a pleasure to work with you again.  thank you for all you did.  
- david schoner, director of coldwell banker new homes division


 we want to heartily thank you for your assistance and help through this transaction. as you know, i was quite skeptical at the beginning because of the overall market conditions. i have to give full credit to you for making this possible.  
- sandro larosa
125 blackburn road, summit new jersey                                                 

 carolann managed to find a great buyer with great speed for an older house with less promising prospects. she had a team of great people to assist me with the clean-out of furniture and portable property. the sale went seamlessly. i highly recommend this realtor.  
- metalmaker0


 carolann is thorough in what she does, and a person of her word. very easy to work with. she seemed to get the job done regardless of obstacles and had a good relationship with both attorneys.   
- vmmasonry


 moving from europe to summit, nj should have been extremely stressful, but carolann clynes provided all of the help we needed - from finding the perfect neighborhood to locating a great house.  her professionalism and industry prowess made all of the difference in our search.  
- constance guindo / the guindo family


 we felt carolann was the consummate professional. she patiently explained the process in terms we could understand. at each decision level she explained our choices and what benefits or failings each choice would bring. her community contacts helped us fix & prepare our home for sale in record time.

- thomas and karen devine


 carolann clynes did a tremendous job supporting us through a very difficult closing process.  she also foresaw potential issues throughout the process and took preventative action early.  it was comforting to know she was on top of issues.  
- joseph musumeci


 carolann was professional and sensitive to my needs to sell my mother's house after my mom passed away. carolann has expert knowledge and a professional network to help with every step of the way...... i highly recommend carolann to anyone buying or selling a home.  
- valerie leone




















carolann clynes
												47 maple street summit, new jersey 07901

cell: 908.400.7000
office: 908.516.4790
 carolann@njfinehome.com




carolann clynes





summit nj real estate

for more information on new jersey real estate and homes for sale in summit, short hills / millburn, chatham, madison, harding, new providence, berkeley heights, mountainside, springfield, maplewood, long hill township, or any other towns in essex county, union county and morris county, please contact me.
as an experienced nj realtor, i look forward to assisting you in buying your next home or selling your house. 






  search properties










							copyright © 

           carolann clynes. all rights reserved. 
 account login

































