



carroll broadcasting inc.



























































listeners club



login/register




email address:



password:

forgot password 


login


not a member? sign up here! 












 







keyword


go



 

















  

 















 














listen to wkjc anywhere!
 

  

 











 listen live



home


on air



			brad allen		



			deb michaels		



					bio				





			bev rainey		



			polka paul		



			granger smith		



					bio				





			tim herek		



					bio				





			kevin allen		



					bio				





		on air schedule	



		programs	




music



			artist library		



			top requests		



			request a song		



			who sings that song?		




news



			today's country news		



		country music	



		political	



		entertainment	



		national	



		health	



		business	



		world	




obits



		standish	



		harrisville - lincoln	



		tawas	



		oscoda	



		hale	



		prescott	



		twining	



		west branch - rose city - st helen	



		mio	




events



			event calendar		



			submit an event		



			concert calendar		



			michigan news		



		where to go - what to do	




churches



			mio area		



			tawas area		



			oscoda area		



			hale area		



			prescott		



			west branch area		



			harrisville area		



			greenbush area		



			augres area		



			standish area		




photos



                  2024 carroll broadcasting hunt club                 



                  2024 backyard bbq blowout party                



                  2024 my town series                



                   2024 photo gallery                 



                  2024 sweets for your sweet contest                


view all galleries




contests


interact



		twitter	



		wkjc country store	



		facebook	



		wkjc fm podcasts	




kjc country club


contact



			eeo		



			employment opportunities		



			advertising information		



			contest rules		











 




 



















wkjc fm 104.7 - tawas
wios am 1480 - tawas 
hits103.3 fm - tawas
hit's 94.9 fm - alpena
the point 106.1 fm - tawas
join the kjc country club! register now!
carroll broadcasting 


















  

 










					where to go what to do					















  






                                            where to go, what to do - great places!


posted about seven months ago
by john carroll




                                                                                 



where to go, what to do here in northeast michigan can be heard on wkjc fm

thursday at 4:15 p.m. and 5:15 p.m.

friday at 5:15 p.m. and 6:15 p.m. 

and saturday at ...                                    


read more










  

 










					wkjc station bulletin					















  






                                            tatiana daly "professional student of the month"


posted about three weeks ago
by john carroll




                                                                                

 
the iosco resa career and technical education center would like to take this opportunity to recognize tatiana daly as“professional student of the month”.. tatiana is the daught...                                    


read more









  






                                            good eats


posted about two years ago
by john carroll




                                                                                find the best places to eat on the sunrise side on wkjc fm's "out to lunch bunch" & "the dinner bell".  "out to lunch bunch" can be heard monday thru friday ...                                    


read more










  

 












 

 












 

 










					wkjc news center					













nashville notes: the war and treaty's 'plus one' + vincent mason & hudson westbrook's feel-good tunes

posted friday, february 14th, 2025 4:00pm





megan moroney + lane boots dropping limited-edition boot

posted friday, february 14th, 2025 3:30pm





'this song hit me hard': lainey wilson joins myles smith on 'nice to meet you'

posted friday, february 14th, 2025 2:50pm





jon pardi drops 'love the lights out'

posted friday, february 14th, 2025 1:50pm








  

 













        national      



        world      



        politics      



        business      



        entertainment      



        health      






major storm in eastern us brings severe flash floods


            sun feb 16th, 2025            



abc newsmore than 110 million americans are under alerts sunday for flooding, mudslides and strong winds as dangerous winter weather left tens of thousands without power throughout the south and caused multiple deaths in kentucky.heavy rain continued to produce serious flooding across parts of the southern united states on sunday morning, where rapidly rising floodwaters inundated roadways and ...
read more



more stories



            agency data shared by doge online sparks concern among intelligence community          



            new jersey restaurant impacted by misleading video claiming ice raid, owner says          



            males detained by ice to be housed in federal prisons, new memo says          



            ralph yarl shooting suspect strikes deal, pleads guilty to second-degree assault          



            judge who oversaw trump's jan. 6 case will hear arguments over musk's authority to run doge          


view all stories





pope francis showing 'some' improvement amid hospitalization for bronchitis, vatican says


            sat feb 15th, 2025            



vatican media via vatican pool/getty images(rome) -- pope francis is showing "some" improvement in his lab tests as the pontiff remains hospitalized with a respiratory tract infection, the vatican said saturday.the pope "rested all night" and he has no fever, the vatican said in a statement. his treatment has been slightly modified based on further "microbiological findings," according to the s...
read more



more stories



            vance, zelenskyy meet on ending russia-ukraine war as administration sends mixed messages          



            pope hospitalized for 'necessary tests' as bronchitis treatment continues          



            trump's threats to pull aid if egypt, jordan don't accept palestinians could lead to new alliances, experts say          



            30 injured in 'suspected' vehicle attack in munich, police say          



            germany protests 'regrettable' trump 'concessions' to putin on ukraine          


view all stories





agency data shared by doge online sparks concern among intelligence community


            sun feb 16th, 2025            



abc newselon musk's department of government efficiency has sparked concerns within the intelligence community after it posted information about an agency that oversees u.s. intelligence satellites to its newly launched government website.the doge website, updated earlier this week to include information about the federal workforce across agencies, contained details about the headcount and budg...
read more



more stories



            hakeem jeffries decries trump's 'toxic bait-and-switch' presidency          



            federal judge hands musk’s doge a win on data access at 3 agencies          



            another new york federal prosecutor resigns over doj order to dismiss eric adams case          



            trump mug shot hung just outside oval office, photos show          



            with mass layoffs expected, judge to weigh blocking the dismantling of consumer watchdog cfpb          


view all stories





americans' credit card debt reaches new record high: new york federal reserve


            thu feb 13th, 2025            



adam gault/getty images(new york) -- americans' household debt -- including credit cards, mortgages, auto loans and student loans -- is ata new all-time high$18.04 trillion, according to a report released thursday by the federal reserve bank of new york.overall debt grew by $93 billion in the last three months of 2024 -- and about half of that increase was new credit card debt.americans' tota...
read more



more stories



            tesla shares have plunged while musk takes on washington. is that the reason?          



            tesla shares have plunged while musk takes on washington. is that the reason?          



            inflation increased in january, posing obstacle for trump tariff plans          



            ex-employees say tom krause, tapped by musk to overhaul treasury, was a 'hatchet man'          



            quiksilver, billabong and volcom stores are closing in the us in 2025          


view all stories





lily collins shares family photo after welcoming 1st child


            fri feb 14th, 2025            



dave benett/wireimagelily collins is celebrating all the love this valentine's day with her family.the emily in parisactress took to instagramto share a selfie with her husband,charlie mcdowell, and their newborn baby, tove jane mcdowell."i truly can't imagine feeling more love," she captioned the post. "valentine's day (and every day) just got a whole lot sweeter."collins and mcdowellwelco...
read more



more stories



            new dating series 'muslim matchmaker' streaming on hulu          



            'cobra kai' stars tanner buchanan and mary mouser are engaged          



            'bridgerton' season 4 first-look video teases benedict's 'cinderella' love story          



            weekend watchlist: what's new on streaming          



            former cast members talk 'snl''s 50-year longevity ahead of weekend of anniversary specials          


view all stories





rfk jr. has questioned rising autism rates. here's what experts say he gets wrong about the disorder


            thu feb 13th, 2025            



(atu images/getty images)(washington) -- during his confirmation hearings two weeks ago to lead the department of health  human services (hhs), robert f. kennedy jr. repeated several unfounded claims about autism.kennedy, an environmental lawyer who has made money through books, speeches and lawsuits while sharing vaccine skepticism, refused to say that vaccines don't cause autism despite many...
read more



more stories



            weight loss drug semaglutide may reduce alcohol cravings, heavy drinking and smoking, new study finds          



            measles cases are rising in the us, mainly among those who are unvaccinated: health officials          



            billions of nih scientific research dollars set to be cut by federal government          



            cancer research group calls on trump administration to restore data access          



            doctors' visits for flu highest in 15 years, most since swine flu pandemic: cdc          


view all stories




 

 











  

 










					fishing report					








sponsored by: franks great outdoors, m-13 linwood
and plowman's collision, 3146 us-23, alpena
  

 














brought to you by:
kevin hummerickhouse, dean arbour chevrolet, east tawas
erickson family agency, west branch - bogey's indoor golf, east tawas
  

 













  

 











  

 










 
 
  

 











  

 











  

 










					clay and buck					









  

 










					glenn beck					








  

 











  

 











  

 












  

 











  

 












  

 











  

 










/auction-list
  

 












  

 












  

 














					on air now					











 





				kevin allen			

				12:00pm - 6:00pm			

				sunday afternoon in the 80's			


					request a song				


my profile



  

 











  

 










tawas bay weather station
  

 












wkjc fm 104.7  

 










  

 










  

 










					ski conditions					








  

 










4700 n red oak rd, lewiston, mi 49756(877) 442-7526
  

 










  

 











  

 










you're on the right track when you listen to wkjc fm 104.7
  

 













  

 











  

 










					podbean					










  

 











area help wanted postings
  

 











  

 










					dining guide					










  

 











  

 











  

 












  

 












  

 











  

 











  

 










 

  

 












  

 












  

 











  

 












  

 












  

 











meet boone, station mascot!
he greets  everyone at the door to
broadcast house!
 
  

 










					monday night lights poll					













who has a better chance to make the final 4?







        michigan        









        michigan state        










submit





view results



 

 










					wkjc polls					













what's your favorite winter sport?







        ice fishing        









        snowmobiling        









        skiing        









        cross country skiing        









        sledding/tobogganing        









        ice skating        










submit





view results



 

 













 






 




 




 




 




 


















if you need help accessing the online public file due to a disability, please contact us
 
  

 










home  |  wkjc fm public file  |  eeo  |  employment opportunities  |  advertising information  |  contest rules  |  contact  |  privacy policy
  

 








© 2025 wkjc fm 104.7, carroll broadcasting 
 

built on envisionwise technology. 
 























