



  























custom made shoes, footwear & orthotics | steenwyk custom shoes & orthotics









































about steenwykfaqsresourcesclinicscontact








custom-madefootwearcustom footorthoticsshoemodificationscliniciancentre

 menu


homecustom made footwearcustom foot orthoticsshoe modificationsresourcesfaqsclinician centrefind a dealercontact








craftmanship
you can count on
steenwyk custom shoes & orthotics is a forerunner in the pedorthic and shoemaking profession. we blend the traditional orthotic and shoemaking  craft with state of the art cad/cam technology.
learn more 

hand crafted
shoes & orthotics
comfortable footwear demands detailed attention to fit. steenwyk's customized shoes provides an exciting new alternative; to give consumers  ideal fit in a premium quality shoe - at an affordable price.
learn more 

state of the art
imaging system
steenwyk utilizes a three dimensional imaging system to accurately  replicate the contours of the foot. this produces a more accurate and  consistent reproduction of the foot shape than any other casting method.
learn more 

custom made
foot orthotics
an orthotic is a custom made inserts for your shoes designed to address various foot and lower body conditions. discover the process of creating a custom orthodic, learn about the different types and more.
learn more 









helping you get back on your feet since 1987steenwyk custom shoes & orthotics specializes in manufacturing custom made footwear to address the specific needs of individuals with structural foot deformities and special mechanics deficiencies. 













craftmanship you can count on
combining modern technology and handcrafted care since 1987.
we design and manufacture footwear and orthoses for biomechanical foot conditions. if you have debilitating foot condition, please consult your physician, and we can help provide footwear or orthoses prescribed in a medical treatment plan.

steenwyk is an official distributor for choose your shoes
 














find a clinic
find an associated clinic in your area.any licensed clinician can order our custom shoes.










get back on your feet

homecustom made footwearcustom foot orthoticsshoe modificationsresourcesfaqsclinician centrefind a dealercontact

© copyright 2022 steenwyk custom shoes and orthotics. all rights reserved. site by reaction.


about steenwyk
we dispense a range of lower extremity products, specializing in custom made & custom fitted foot orthotics and specialty retail footwear. we provide full pedorthic assessments and patient education by qualified staff.


contact head office
1-800-661-2211  5550 45 st g12,  red deer, ab t4n 1l1  info@steenwyk.com













