


welcome to scouttrack — online achievement tracking










existing users: log in
start a free 30-day trial


scouttrack.com

features
testimonials
faq
contact









scouttrack is an internet-based service that makes it easy to manage cub scout packs, boy scout troops, girl scout troops and american heritage girl troops. it replaces the  tracking charts and trail records in the back of handbooks as well as the spreadsheets, paper records and pc-based pack/troop management packages typically used by leaders.

try it free for 30 days! click here to begin »
have an account? click here to log in »


 

 





why choose scouttrack?



scouttrack makes communication easy

share events via the calendar. post important documents on the bulletin board. set up automatic email reminders. look up other users. scouttrack makes it easy to keep your pack or troop informed.




scouttrack gets parents involved

parents are empowered to get more involved when they can easily see and understand their scouts' progress. parents can see what is planned in den meetings, so they avoid duplicating activities at home, and can update their scout's progress as activities are completed.




scouttrack saves everyone time

say good-bye to collecting paper lists and generating advancement reports manually — scouttrack makes activity and badge tracking easy for parents, advancement coordinators and leaders alike.






what makes scouttrack different?


scouttrack is internet-based

unlike spreadsheets or other standalone pc programs, scouttrack users can log in and share information from anywhere in the world — including the comfort of your home or the convenience of your office! leaders and parents can be online at the same time viewing and updating records.



scouttrack guides you through award & badge completion

other pack/troop management packages just give you a screen to enter the date a certain badge was earned. scouttrack tracks and summarizes activities, and knows when all requirements have been met — automatically awarding the badge to the scout.



scouttrack is for everyone in your pack or troop

other packages are for leaders only. parents and scouts must manage activities on their own, and advancements coordinators must follow up with den leaders to gather badge updates. scouttrack provides special capabilities for leaders as well as parents.



scouttrack makes leader transition easy

volunteers often change roles in the pack or troop. scouttrack makes it easy to change the roles for each user as their jobs change.






 



scouttrack.com is neither associated with, nor endorsed by, the boy scouts of america, girls scouts of america or the american heritage girls.
copyright © 2000–2011 scouttrack · privacy policy








