












andy rathbone
















site menu:

home
about
books
mail


i'm one of today's best-selling computer book writers, with more than 15 million books in print.
this website keeps you up-to-date on my books, and your computers. each week, i answer a reader's question on-line.
windows 11 for dummies on sale now! 
drop by amazon.com for big discounts on windows 11 for dummies.

site search


search for:



popular posts

where's the clipboard viewer in windows xp?
how do i make internet explorer open in full-screen mode?
turning off windows narrator
what's the difference between a system image and a regular backup in windows 7?
why does windows show my file names in green letters?
what's the difference between a system recovery disc and windows 7's system repair disc?
how do i right-click on a touch-screen tablet?

recent commentsles on why do the names of my music files keep changing?radix on why does windows show my file names in green letters?kirk nelson on why does windows show my file names in green letters?cab jones on shrinking or resizing a photo and e-mailing it in windows 7gail on my laptop keeps opening windows and menus by itself!categories

books (44)

motorola xoom for dummies (1)

surface for dummies (7)

upgrading and fixing computers do-it-yourself for dummies (10)

upgrading and fixing pcs for dummies (4)

windows 10 for dummies (1)

windows 10 for dummies second edition (2)

windows 11 for dummies (1)

windows 7 for dummies (15)

windows 8 for dummies (9)

windows 8 for tablets for dummies (4)

windows 8.1 for dummies (3)

windows xp for dummies, second edition (3)



email (11)

error message (17)

free software (13)

hardware (25)

internet (19)

networking (2)

privacy (8)

safety (11)

software (20)

spreadsheet (1)

tablets (3)

training (3)

windows versions (141)

windows 10 (2)

windows 11 for dummies (1)

windows 7 (86)

windows 8 (17)

windows 8.1 (4)

windows 98 (3)

windows rt (3)

windows vista (53)

windows xp (56)







new! windows 11 for dummies available now at amazon




updated to cover microsoft’s new version of windows, windows 11 for dummies is available now from amazon. as an amazon associate, i’ll even earn a small stipend from qualifying purchases.
have a question about the book? ask me!


posted: august 9th, 2016 under windows 11 for dummies, windows 11 for dummies.
tags: amazon, windows 11, windows 11 for dummiescomments: none



how do i know if my computer has the anniversary update installed?

q: how do i know if my computer has the anniversary update installed?
windows 10’s anniversary update, a large release of updates and fixes that substantially changes windows 10, began arriving on computers in early august, 2016.
however, microsoft says the update could take up to three months to arrive on your pc. so, how can you tell if your computer already has the anniversary update?
it’s actually pretty easy to tell with a quick look at the start menu. click to read more »

posted: september 25th, 2016 under books, windows 10, windows 10 for dummies second edition.
tags: anniversary update, windows 10, windows 10 for dummies second editioncomments: 10



what’s in windows 10’s anniversary update?

microsoft released a big update to windows 10 in early august, 2016. in the past, microsoft would have bumped the name to windows 11 and asked everybody to buy a new copy.
but microsoft now treats windows 10 as a service rather than a product. accordingly, microsoft simply sends your computer this free update through windows update, and the name of windows 10 remains the same.
the update visibly changes windows 10’s start menu, and leaves its mark throughout the operating system. when your windows 10 pc wakes up with the new update, you’ll probably notice these changes: click to read more »

posted: august 7th, 2016 under windows 10, windows 10 for dummies, windows 10 for dummies second edition.
comments: 3



making the mail app’s links open in the desktop’s internet explorer

q: when i click on an e-mailed link in windows 8’s mail app, the start screen’s version of internet explorer opens.
i prefer that the link open in the “real” internet explorer that runs on the desktop.
how can i make the desktop’s version of internet explorer open when i click a link in the mail app?
a: windows 8 shook up and shocked millions of computer owners by introducing two ways of working on one computer.
tablet owners tend to prefer the touch-oriented start screen, and its gang of apps. desktop owners naturally prefer the mouse-and-keyboard oriented desktop.
however, windows 8 and 8.1 only include one e-mail program, and it’s the start screen’s mail app. when you click an e-mailed link, the start screen’s version of internet explorer naturally opens the link.
desktop lovers don’t have to put up with that, though. to make those links open in internet explorer on the desktop, follow these steps: click to read more »

posted: april 21st, 2014 under books, internet, windows 8, windows 8 for dummies, windows 8 for tablets for dummies, windows 8.1, windows 8.1 for dummies.
tags: always in internet explorer on the desktop, desktop version of internet explorer, e-mailed links, mail appcomments: 2



how does windows 8.1’s “update 1” change my computer?

q: after running windows update this morning, windows 8.1 now acts differently. what gives?
is there anything major i should know about?
a: microsoft continues to tweak windows 8, a major overhaul to windows that caught many computer owners off guard.
microsoft tried to repair some of the damage with windows 8.1, and today microsoft released an update to windows 8.1 that changes windows yet again.
microsoft officially calls the april 8, 2014 update “windows 8.1 update 1.” (others call it the “spring update.”) but no matter what it’s named, the april update changes windows 8.1 in many small ways. luckily, most of the changes are welcome.
windows 8 aimed mostly at mobile touchscreen tablet owners, leaving desktop owners out of luck. this new update embraces desktop pc owners, letting them control windows 8.1 more easily with a mouse and keyboard. specifically, the update brings these changes: click to read more »

posted: april 8th, 2014 under books, software, surface for dummies, windows 8.1, windows 8.1 for dummies.
tags: spring update, windows 8.1 spring update, windows 8.1 update 1comments: none



« previous entries




© 2025 andy rathbone - entries (rss) - comments (rss) - log inpowered by wordpress - theme design by andreas viklund












