



incredible wedding djs and party disc jockeys in ma and nh

























 

elegant.
                        interactive. entertainment.


 call us today:   (978) 649-5500 in ma   (603)
                        594-8900 in nh
















welcomedj/emcee/hosteventsmusic/sound/lightsentertainment stylefun wedding djsgreat party djschildren's dancesphotobooth and video extrasparty suppliesin-the-news & helpful linkscontact ussite map








 


the ultimate best choice for wedding & party disc jockeys, master of ceremonies and event hosts.









   weddings • private parties • corporate functions • promotional events      




    when looking to add just the right music and personality to
                     enhance your once-in-a-lifetime wedding, unique party, casual get-together, or high-profile special event in massachusetts,
                     new hampshire, rhode island, or southern maine, hiring a party dj or wedding disc jockey from metro mass entertainment
                     is ultimately the best choice. as you're planning to hire the most talked about part of an event, be confident to know
                     metro mass entertainment's incomparable musical
                     knowledge combined with state-of-the-art professional-grade
                     sound equipment, experienced and interactive
                     disc jockeys / master of ceremonies, exciting dance floor intelligent
                     lighting, phenomenal
music collection of all genres,
                     and unsurpassed customer service, will not only turn the event
                     into an exceptional party, it'll be the one to
                     receive compliments for years to come.  
















the personality of your party
                     dj or wedding disc jockey from metro mass entertainment makes all the difference. the welcoming and charismatic character
                     of your dj allows every guest to feel comfortable, yet jump-up excited to be part of the fun. equally
                     as important, your multi-talented wedding dj or party disc jockey has the versatility
to fill the dance floor with a non-stop, high-energy
                     music mix, just as effectively as adding comfortable selections during a cocktail party or dinner service. dedicating
                     our expertise to disc jockey and master of ceremony services, the amazing team of party and wedding entertainment professionals will fill your event with a phenomenal mix of music, top-notch entertainment, and complete peace-of-mind knowing you've hired
                     the most dedicated people in the business. the result is a stress-free,
                     successful, and incredibly
                     fun-filled celebration everyone will rave about!





if you're ready to turn your event into something extraordinary,
                     keep browsing the pages of this website and contact us with questions or to reserve
                     a date. planning the entertainment for
                     your fun wedding or great party is only a click or phone call away.


✓  interactive disc jockeys with
                     the knowledge to musically entertain your guests.  ✓  outstanding
music selection that can't be matched.✓  incredible sound quality bringing musical perfection
                     to every corner of the room. ✓ 
                     impressive lighting displays with led uplighting, custom monograms, and dance floor effects. ✓  superior customer service before and during
                     your event.






when partnering with a wedding dj or party disc jockey from
                        metro mass entertainment, you'll receive our signature
                        one-on-one attention to personalize your gathering while experiencing unsurpassed musical entertainment aimed to exceed your expectations. we have the most repeat and referred customers in the area
                        because we know how to have a good time... and it shows with everything we do.     with all the confusing choices researching
                        individual disc jockeys across massachusetts and new hampshire; multipurpose dj and band entertainment companies in boston,
                        ma and manchester, nh; national disc jockey franchises in worcester, ma and providence, ri; and wedding disc jockey
                        and party dj booking agencies in billerica, ma, salem, nh, and waltham, ma, be relieved to know our no pressure, informative customer service approach
                        has earned metro mass entertainment many compliments. metro mass entertainment's dedication to the disc jockey industry raises
                        the standards of performance excellence and customer satisfaction when compared to a typical party dj or
                        wedding disc jockey. contact us anytime and we'll be more than happy to assist you.


metro mass entertainment





select gold member of wedj.com




centrally based in eastern massachusetts, metro mass
                     entertainment has mobile wedding disc jockey and party dj coverage
                     that travels throughout massachusetts (dj in ma), new hampshire (dj in nh), rhode
                     island (dj in ri), and southern maine (dj in me). our philosophy for
                     15 years has been, and will always be, to approach every appearance, large or small, with the same enthusiasm
                     and detail to assure your event will be fun-filled with lasting memories and good times.



wedding reception  ♦
                      wedding ceremony class reunion  ♦
                      corporate function  ♦  birthday partyanniversary  ♦
                      graduation  ♦  children's dances bat mitzvah  ♦  bar mitzvah  ♦
                      holiday party... and see our
events page for even more!   





whether you're seeking a wedding dj, master of ceremonies, host, or
                        party disc jockey who is high-energy, low-key, or somewhere in-between, you can trust the experienced and fun dj's from
                        metro mass entertainment are dedicated to the success of your event.simply complete our online inquiry form or contact us today with any questions or for more details about:  music selectionmusically-enhanced djsprofessional-grade sound equipmentperformance styleparty pricing and wedding packagesdate availabilitywhen and how to book a datehow our party and wedding djs can make your great event... even betterrequesting
                        an informational wedding reception and/or wedding ceremony entertainment packet ♦♦  the
                        disc jockeys at metro mass entertainment are more than the music...  we're the entertainment!   ♦♦
next












copyright © 2021 metro mass entertainment, all rights reserved. p.o. box 496, tyngsboro, ma 01879 -
                        (978) 649-5500; in new hampshire - (603) 594-8900 


ma:
                        (978) 649-5500  nh: (603) 594-8900www.metromassentertainment.com    we're more than the music. we're the entertainment.
   the interactive wedding djs, party disc jockeys
                        and event master of ceremonies (emcees) of metro mass entertainment have been, for over 15 years, providing  
                        great party music djs in acton, ma, birthday
                        djs in amesbury, ma, wedding ceremony djs in andover,ma, bat mitzvah
                        djs in arlington, ma, high school reunion djs in ashburnham, ma, company
                        party djs in bedford, ma, luau djs in beverly, ma, wedding reception djs
                        in billerica, ma, graduation party djs in bolton, ma, holiday party djs
                        in boston, ma, 30th birthday party djs in boxboro, ma, fun djs in boxborough,
                        ma, bar mitzvah djs in boxford, ma, office party djs in boylston, ma,
                        school dance dj in bradford, ma, sweet 16 birthday djs in braintree, ma,
                        mitzvah djs in brookline, ma, surprise party djs in burlington, ma, superior
                        wedding djs in cambridge, ma, engagement party dj in carlisle, ma, corporate
                        event party dj in chelmsford, ma, going away party dj in concord, ma, theme
                        night dj in danvers, ma, award ceremony dj in dedham, ma, fun wedding
                        dj in dracut, ma, lil ones dance party djs in dunstable, ma, jack and jill djs in everett, ma, family reunion dj in framingham, ma, graduation party dj in georgetown, ma, childrens party djs in gloucester, ma, grand opening dj in groton, ma, fashion show dj in groveland, ma, first communion djs in harvard, ma, christening djs in haverhill, ma, wedding ceremony djs in hingham, ma, class reunion djs in ipswich, ma, fundraiser djs in lawrence, ma, anniversary party dj in lexington, ma, beach party dj in littleton, ma, night club dj in lowell, ma, family day dj in lunenburg, ma, disco
                        party djs in lynn, ma, 80's retro dance dj in lynnfield, ma, prom
                        djs in malden, ma, holiday party djs in manchester, ma, 40th birthday
                        party djs in marblehead, ma, 50th birthday party dj in maynard, ma, 30th
                        birthday party djs in medford, ma, school dance dj in malden, ma, company party djs in melrose,
                        ma, new music djs in methuen, ma, wedding celebration djs in middleborough,
                        ma, interactive djs in middleton, ma, charitable event djs in milford,
                        ma, welcome home party djs in nahant, ma, semi formal djs in natick, ma,
                        teen party djs in needham, ma, all occasion disc jockeys in newbury,
                        ma, experienced disc jockeys in newburyport, ma, talented disc jockeys
                        in newton, ma, professional disc jockeys in north andover, ma, local disc
                        jockeys in north reading, ma, classy disc jockeys in northborough, ma, family
                        friendly disc jockeys in peabody, ma, mobile disc jockeys in quincy, ma, young
                        adult party djs in randolph, ma, beach party djs in revere, ma, boat cruise
                        disc jockeys in rockport, ma, back yard party disc jockeys in salem, ma, promotional
                        event djs in salisbury, ma, 50th anniversary party disc jockeys in saugus, ma, retirement party dj's in scituate, ma, college graduation party dj's in somerville,
                        ma, elementarty school dance dj's in stow, ma, outdoor party dj's in swampscott,
                        ma, country club dj's in tewksbury, ma, country music dj's in topsfield,
                        ma, hip hop dj's in townsend, ma, father daughter dance djs in tyngsboro,
                        ma, rock and roll dj's in wakefield, ma, family reunion party dj's in
                        walpole, ma, small wedding dj's in waltham, ma, party djs in westford, ma, large
                        wedding dj's in weston, ma, office party dj's in westwood, ma, elegant
                        dj's in weymouth, ma, oldies party dj's in wilmington, ma, motown music
                        dj's in winchester, ma, wedding ceremony dj's in winthrop, ma, 21st birthday
                        party dj's in woburn, ma, wedding and party dj/mc in manchester, nh, party dj in
                        merrimack, nh, sweet 16 dj in hollis, nh, surprise party dj in amherst,
                        nh, corporate djs in bedford, nh, school dance dj in portsmouth, nh, kids party dj in merrimack,
                        nh, wedding reception dj in nashua, nh, wedding dj in windham, nh, kids party dj in derry, nh, retirement
                        party dj in salem, nh, office party dj/mc in hudson, nh, backyard disc
                        jockeys in pelham, nhas well as complete local dj coverage throughout
                        the massachusetts middlesex county, massachusetts suffolk county, massachusetts essex county, massachusetts bristol county,
                        massachusetts norfolk county, massachusetts plymouth county, massachusetts worcester county, new hampshire hillsborough
                        county, new hampshire merrimack county, and new hampshire rockingham county areas, and into parts of rhode island (ri),
                        and southern maine (me). 






















welcome i disc jockey i master of ceremonies i event host i events i music i sound i lighting i entertainment stylefun weddings i great parties i childrens lil' ones dances i party supplies i in-the-news i helpful links i contact us












