


decorative art - welcome to lady bug art center








 















  how to submit designs  |
  in the works  |
  the road show  |
  seminars  |
  about us  

















 catalog |
 currency converter |
 business to business |
 home |
  view cart  


























  shop talk with joe wilson
 













magnabrites!
magnifies and brightens!
clarifies detail!
doubles as a paperweight
comes in two sizes
click here for details





we live with a cheese monster. oh, he looks like a normal little boy and sometimes (sometimes) he acts normal. most often, however, he acts like a little boy. we call him the cheese monster because when we eat at a restaurant (other than mcdonald's, which, you know, isn't really a restaurant) he orders cheese. it's usually served grated in a bowl. this is because the waiter is sadistic. by the end of lunch there is cheese in his hair, on the floor, on the table, on his shirt and somehow on the bottom of his pants, on the unfortunate one of us that has sat beside him, sometimes on the waiter (ha!). once, as he was face down in a bowl of grated cheese, i asked him if he could try eating like a little boy instead of a dog and he said "i'm not eating like a dog, i'm eating like a bug." can't argue with that. sigh.in an effort to increase our appeal to you, we have produced a cheese-free catalog. blessings on you and yours.


  
please note: our address and contact numbers have changed. here is the new information: 

physical location: 
1394 s. state highway 125 
rogersville, mo 65742 

mailing address: 
p.o. box 203 
turners, mo 65765 

phone:  (417) 753-2971 
if you have specific questions please let us know and we'll answer them as soon and as best we can.




















"consider the tides; they come and they go, and man cannot change the ebb and the flow." - c. harrison























catalog index




ladybug

 »new! shirley wilson
 » bad bear mugs
 »new! ellen stamilio
 »julie kuehn
 »susan baldwin
 »bobbie & jim gray
 » bev johnston & pam tyriver
 »elf help books
 »tracia ledford-williams
 »cindy mann vitale 
 »mary mccullah
 » linda mcfadden
 »carol chamness
 »new! laure' paillex
 »sandy brenner
 »new! helan barrick
 »heidi england
 »new! kathie rueger
 »new! bobbie takashima
 »new! pat wooster
 »kenna & donna
 »new!pat lentine
 »reference books























		
we'd love to hear from you. send us a note at joe@ladybugart.com.

ladybug art center
			1394 s. state highway 125
rogersville, mo 65742 
417.753.2971
last updated: 10/28/2005
copyright 2000-2004  ladybug art center
call us toll free(800) 304-2787
fax us(417) 753-5079
many are snazzy and even very good and even develop on great mixture in order to match your current must have in style. when you're looking for in the chic rolex replica for one's arm, there is always the one and only that running watches that suits you most beneficial. there is always great tag heuer replica sale belonging to the stylish running watches you could choose nowadays. it is easy to as expected seek out that inside your external niche. nevertheless most beneficial breitling replica may be to hunt and uncover them all via the internet. via the internet retail stores last through most suitable prime quality and even whole in cartier replica uk which is not conceivable so you can get just about anyplace as well. whenever you can you will want to hunt them all plenty. people today at the moment want various cost effective and even cost-effective resources that them all may appear popular and even today's.




