





international sheep dog society


























































toggle navigation



























home (current)
about

who we are
what we do
registered charity & patronage
society constitution
list of society officials
the wilkinson sword award
meet our office team


membership

individual membership options
affiliate membership
associate nations
guide to member services
how to join or renew membership
exclusive society magazine


myisds login
trials diary & events

agm information
trials diary
national & international trials information
2026 world trial
past trials
about isds trials
rules for trials
national trial qualifying criteria
previous national results
previous international results
isds archive


society news
live trials scoreboard
breeding & registration

fees
isds online forms
breeding rules
registration rules
artificial insemination rules
registration on merit
health hub


online store
isds livestream

purchase livestream


isds partners

gilbertson & page
fostbc
logan whistles
national sheep association
national federation of young farmers
scottish association of young farmers


contact us










search the site












select your region




england





ireland





scotland





wales





international





world




view all regions














become a part of a historic society!






why not visit sheep dog trials in your area?






stud books and pedigrees available for registered border collies!






scroll













































































































































		my isds

			







		trials diary

			







		principal sponsor

			











we are hiring! click here for more information as to the role on offer!
the international sheep dog society
since 1906 the society has been working for sheep dogs - find out how you can get involved with what's going on!








how you can get engaged...






become a member


		join us today! we have a range of membership options and cannot wait to welcome you to the society!
	

+






watch our livestream


		subscribe to our popular livestreaming service to watch our summer trials in real time, as well as our previous trials which are available on demand!
	

+






trials diary


		click here to find out about trials happening all over the uk and ireland.
	

+














in 1873 the first recorded sheep dog trials were held in bala, north wales, but it was not until some 33 years later that the international sheep dog society (isds) was formed, following a meeting of english and scottish sheep-men in 1906. shortly afterwards the first international trials were held in gullane, scotland and, except during the war years and pandemic, have continued to be an annual event.
explore our story - isds online archive
















the international sheep dog society is a membership organisation and registers over 6,000 border collie pups every year on behalf of its members. the isds number and dog certificate are a guarantee of pedigree that, for most dogs, can be traced back over 100 years.
breeding & registration
a central purpose of the society is to register working sheepdogs, border collies, in the isds stud book which is published each year. dogs from all nations in the world are included.
breeders can use the stud books to look up the parentage and lines of any isds registered dog.  good dogs, of known working ability or trialling success, can be identified and sensible breeding decisions made. that is why so many people recognise the value of registering with the isds and more are joining each year.









plan your visit to any of this years trials!
the international sheep dog society organises five main trials each year within the uk and ireland. national trials are normally held during the months of july and august, and the international is held in september.
every third year the society also organises a world sheep dog trial, the next world trial is taking place in 2026.
there are many hundreds of smaller local trials within the uk and ireland, and a few hundred more if you count up all around the world!












england


		this years english national is newton reigny, penrith, cumbria - 14th until 17th august 2025
	











ireland


		this years irish national is in athlone, co roscommen - 7th until 9th august 2025
	











scotland


		this years scottish national is in courance, nr moffat - 20th until 23d august 2025
	











wales


		this years welsh national is in llwrst, conwy - 31st july until 2nd august 2025
	











international


		this years international sheepdog championship will be held at brynkinalt, chirk, wrexam - 11th until 13th september 2025 
	











world


		the world trials are held every 3 years, where competitors from all over the world qualify in their own countries to compete with their sheepdogs. the next world trial will be held on 16th – 20th september 2026, keep your eyes peeled for more information!
	














why become a member?











receive copies of our exclusive society magazine
a member of the society has the right to receive international sheepdog news if an annual or subscribing life member

find out more








free trial admission
free admission to the society's national and international trials with your members badge!

find out more








register your dog
register dogs in the society's stud book, according to the rules.

find out more








member discounts
receive member discounts with selected isds partners and on our livestreaming subscriptions!

find out more








enter your national trial!
as a member you are able to enter your respective annual national trial with points secured at open trials throughout the year!

find out more







 





international sheep dog society sponsors and partners















































contact details
international sheep dog society
clifton house
4a goldington road
bedford
mk40 3nf
tel: 01234 352672
email: office@isds.org.uk
the international sheep dog society is a registered charity (no. 209009)


using our website
terms & conditions
legal disclaimer
privacy policy
cookie policy
delivery & returns
sitemap





















				©2025 international sheep dog society
				 | 
				website design quiet storm solutions ltd | manage cookie settings





