








modular workstation solutions to help you work better - dehnco


































































 

1.833.433.4626
contact us
view a catalog
become a dealer
sign in

get a free quote
free quote








search phrase


search



1.833.433.4626

products & solutions





work areas
packing and shipping
receiving operations
manifest operations
returns processing and reverse logistics
over conveyor workstations and storage
ship-from-store solutions
value add services




solutions
workstations
lift table solutions
carton storage stands
carts & shelving
roll storage
technology (it) accessories
cutters
cutting systems
plastic bins
floor mats




solutions design
solution evolution
engineering, manufacturing & fulfillment capabilities
integration design and assembly
specialized solutions
solution concepts library
wise
new innovation
unsurpassed quality
work better










who we are




work better
watch our video and learn how dehnco provides solutions that feel better, flow better, and work better.



about dehnco
we use ergonomics and design to create a more healthy environment where workers are part of the answer.



dehnco philanthropy
we are committed to helping make the world a better place. learn about our community and humanitarian philanthropies.



environmental leadership
what is good for the environment is good for business. learn about our award winning initiatives.







insights & resources




solution concepts library
specify your requirements and view possible workstation solution designs that will meet your specific needs.



dehnco insights blog
regular updates from the dehnco team about industry trends, new innovative products, and how to work better.



articles & resources
our expert's guide to what you need to know, from more productive workspace to better worker morale.



dehnco literature
view our full catalog and learn more about dehnco, our story, our areas of expertise, and what differentiates dehnco.







dealers




dealer resources
all registered dealer members have access to our online dealer resources. register now!



solution library for dealers
create spec sheets that will lead to solutions that meet your customers' specific needs. 



new innovation from dehnco
learn about our new innovative products and our maket leading solutions. 



sales opportunity guide
assist customers by increasing productivity and maximizing through-put.












search phrase



 search
	










solutions that evolve


we know there’s no one-size-fits-all when it comes to workstation equipment. for over 40 years, we've been creating forward-thinking, modular equipment solutions designed to grow and evolve alongside your business.





 

 view our integrated workstation approach






our expertise


we bring decades of experience to every project. from the initial consultation to the final delivery, we’ll work with you every step of the way to ensure a seamless and successful partnership.











solutions for every work area

								whether you're looking for solutions for ecommerce, ship from store, reverse logistics, or manufacturing, we can help.  								
							














specialized solutions

								innovatively designed, made-to-measure, solutions built for specific needs for the long haul.								
							














engineering, manufacturing & fulfillment capabilities

								we offer custom-made equipment at cost-effective rates, complete with quick delivery directly to your business. 								
							












our solutions suite


designed with an eye toward ergonomics and sustainability, we create workstation equipment solutions that feel better, flow better, and just plain work better.
 learn more











workstations











lift table solutions











carton storage stands











carts & shelving











roll storage











technology (it) accessories











cutters











cutting systems











plastic bins











floor mats









the dehnco difference


we understand there's no one-size-fits-all when it comes to workstation equipment, and we'll work with you to find the exact solution you need.











integrated design & assembly
we'll help you design a comprehensive materials handling system tailored to meet your business goals. 
 schedule your free consultation 











complimentary workspace evaluation
we'll work with you as a consultative partner to identify opportunities for growth and efficiency based on your unique goals
 learn more











commitment to quality
our dedication to quality extends beyond our exceptional quality control record and our equipment that is backed by a lifetime guarantee.
 learn about our unsurpassed quality











feel better, flow better, work better
we put workers at the center of everything we do.  we want all of our users to be comfortable, safe, and productive at work.
 our manifesto












industry–leading companies trust dehnco


















































we help design and resolve these issues:

space
storage
handling/design
ergonomics








home
sitemap
contact us
privacy policy
terms of use



1.833.433.4626300 s. lageschulte st. p.o. box 866 barrington, il 60010


subscribe to our newsletter












dehnco equipment & supplies, inc. has over forty years of experience designing and providing ergonomic workstations. 
					all products are designed with quality and durability and are built to iso-9002 standard. our system is modular and provides endless 
					configurations to meet customer needs using standard stock items, modified parts and customized components.
				
© 2025 dehnco equipment & supplies, inc. all rights reserved


















