








upper cumberland homes for sale. real estate in upper cumberland, tennessee.

































































toggle navigation





menu




property search
office listings
auctions
compare my home
our agents
about us
real estate tips
helpful links
my account
contact us






















enter an mls:enter an mls number to go directly to that listing:


go


























































tri-star real estate & auction company is the most established, longest standing real estate and auction company in the
surrounding area.  serving the upper cumberland since 1987,  tri-star real estate & auction company brings a value-added and highly qualified team of real estate professionals to the table. 
 
tri-star’s goal is to provide the most professional, compassionate, and trustworthy service in the industry.  our client’s interests are very important to us and we pledge that you will always be our top priority.  we are dedicated to developing long term relationships and client retention.  we can guarantee that you will always have us as your knowledgeable real estate & auction resource, even after the transaction has concluded.
 
 
please click the property search button to find your next dream home.
by working with local realtors® you have the advantage of being able to access all local listings available through the multiple listing service, mls. using a realtor® also gives you the comfort of knowing that you are working with the most qualified professional who is dedicated to you as the buyer or seller and will always be looking out for your best interests and striving to make the process of buying or selling real estate as comfortable and pleasant as possible.
please click the contact us button or use the phone number to contact one of our realtors® today!
 




office listings





click photo to view
listing photos will refresh every 4 seconds.
there are 71 listings.










login


existing users login here


email:

password:



            forgot password?            



  remember me
        


new user? 



















contact us
my account
property search
office listings
our agents
helpful links
about us
virtual tour listings
site map
privacy policy









© systems engineering, inc.

















