




bitworking


































      bitworking
    




            about
          



            archives
          



            projects
          



            tags
          
































          bitworking
        








            recent news
          








            trump won, i blame obama.
            


          so trump won the 2024 presidential election, or more succinctly, kamala harris and the democratic party lost the 2024 presidential election and i blame obama.
 “certainly the former president is in the far-right area, he’s certainly an authoritarian, admires people who are dictators — he has said that. so he certainly falls into the general definition of fascist, for sure,” trump’s longest-serving white house chief of staff john kelly. https://www.
        
read more












            bernie sander's statement on democrats losing the 2024 presidential election
            


          i am providing a text version of bernie’s statement here, because all i could find online were images posted to various social media sites.
i’m also posting this because it needs to be seen, bernie is right.
bernie sander’s statement on democrats losing the 2024 presidential election:
 it should come as no great surprise that a democratic party which has abandoned working class people would find that the working class has abandoned them.
        
read more












            abstraction-itis
            


          so, ryan carniato, the author of solidjs, posted this as a comment on his blog entry entitiled, “web components are not the future”
 thank you for your response. a lot of this sprung from my realization just how much of a cost supporting web components properly has had on the library. and how it is basically endless. we doubled the size and complexity of our event delegation code in the last release (1.
        
read more












            meta - week 1
            


          so i just started working at meta after working at google for close to 17 years.
it’s still very early days, i’ve only been here one week, and all of that was onsite in the menlo park office doing new hire orientation, but even at this early stage there are several things that have really stood out to me, particularly coming from google.
non-insular one of things you have to know about google is how insular they are.
        
read more












            custom element naming
            


          in my approach to html web components jeremy keith goes into a naming convention for both web components and their attributes.
while i don’t have any opinions on attribute naming, i do have a strong opinion on element names, and that’s if you decide to namespace your elements it should be done using a post-fix and not a pre-fix.
as an example, all the elements we’ve build in skia infra are post-fixed with -sk:
        
read more







more


              excalidraw in vs code
            



              popper's paradox of tolerance and section 3 of the 14 amendment
            



              bunk bed
            



              everyone was on twitter
            

all news






    ©  bitworking 2024 
  































