


canadian reformed churches

























federation
churches
ministers
assemblies
news
contact



⌘k









welcome to the official website of canadian & american reformed churches

exalting god,
proclaiming the gospel

learn more about the federation












what we believe
bible, creeds & confessions









find a church
70 congregations












general synod 2025
aldergrove









recent news


view full news archive



latest news via rss




arjan vandermeer granted permission to speak an edifying word

january 31, 2025

classis ontario west has granted br. arjan vandermeer permission to speak an edifying word in the churches. br. vandermeer sustained his licensure exam in classis north of the free reformed churches in south africa. since that examination occurred in sister-church, and according to an equivalent set of standards, classis has…


read more →
                            



rev. gerrit bruintjes declines call to hamilton (cornerstone)

january 30, 2025
hamilton (cornerstone)
toronto (bethel)
rev. gerrit bruintjes

rev. gerrit bruintjes from the bethel canadian reformed church in richmond hill has declined the call extended to him by the cornerstone canadian reformed church of hamilton.


neerlandia (hope) calls rev. cody swaving

january 29, 2025
smithville
neerlandia (hope)
rev. cody swaving

hope canadian reformed church of neerlandia, alberta has extended a call to rev. cody swaving of the smithville canadian reformed church, ontario.


lincoln (vineyard) calls rev. marc jagt

january 21, 2025
lincoln (vineyard)
fergus (north)
rev. marc jagt

the vineyard canadian reformed church of lincoln, ontario has extended a call to rev. marc jagt of the fergus north canadian reformed church.


press release of the meeting of the board of governors of the canadian reformed theological seminary held on january 9, 2025

january 15, 2025

opening and roll call.the chairman of the board, rev. john louwerse, led in opening devotions. the governors were all present. dr. jason van vliet was present as principal and administrative assistant, leanne kuizenga, was present to take the minutes of the meeting. memorabiliainformation was shared about the personal…




press release 2025-01-09
(3 pages, 53 kb)





read more →
                            






view full news archive



latest news via rss






beliefs
worship
study
publications
missions
organizations
government
history
unity


© 2025 committee for the canadian reformed website.
website by church social and compass creative.





