   your flooring source in nashville, tn | myers flooring of nashville    
 




flooring▼carpet▼carpet productscarpet inspiration gallerycarpet installationcarpet care & maintenancearea rugs▼area rug inspiration galleryarea rug padsarea rugs care & maintenancecustom rugshardwood▼hardwood productshardwood inspiration galleryhardwood installationhardwood care & maintenanceluxury vinyl▼luxury vinyl productsluxury vinyl inspiration galleryluxury vinyl installationluxury vinyl care & maintenancelaminate▼laminate productslaminate inspiration gallerylaminate installationlaminate care & maintenanceservices▼room visualizerabout us▼locationour workour workroomreviewsroom visualizercontact us in-home measure  

skip to content(615) 777-3344 2919 sidco dr, nashville, tn 37204monday - friday : 8:30 am - 5:30 pm
saturday: 10:00 am - 3:00 pm
sunday: closed




flooringcarpetcarpet productscarpet inspiration gallerycarpet installationcarpet care & maintenancearea rugsarea rug inspiration galleryarea rug padsarea rugs care & maintenancecustom rugshardwoodhardwood productshardwood inspiration galleryhardwood installationhardwood care & maintenanceluxury vinylluxury vinyl productsluxury vinyl inspiration galleryluxury vinyl installationluxury vinyl care & maintenancelaminatelaminate productslaminate inspiration gallerylaminate installationlaminate care & maintenanceservicesroom visualizerabout uslocationour workour workroomreviewsroom visualizercontact us in-home measure  



your premier flooring  resource in the nashville area

browse flooring








carpet

rugs

hardwood

luxury vinyl

laminatesee your space transformedexperience the ease of designing your dream home with our flooring visualizer. upload a photo of your room to explore how our exquisite selection of carpets, hardwood, and other flooring can elevate your space.

room visualizer

we carry the top name brands in flooring








personalized service, exquisite stylemyers flooring of nashville offers more than just flooring — we deliver a truly elevated experience. our curated collection includes luxurious carpets, exquisite area rugs, and premium hardwood, carefully selected to enhance the elegance of your home. as the southeast’s largest wool carpeting retailer, we combine timeless quality with unparalleled craftsmanship, offering custom rug services from our in-house workrooms. with roots that trace back to dalton — the carpet capital of the world — our family-owned business is committed to providing personalized service that transforms your vision into reality. whether you're seeking sophistication, comfort, or a custom design, we’re here to help you craft the perfect space.

about us
luxury begins herewhether you’re exploring options for custom rugs or high-end flooring, our team is here to guide you. contact us today to schedule a consultation with our flooring experts.

contact us

see what people are saying about us
- gigii cannot say enough about myers flooring. we had a custom runner installed on our stairs, and could not be happier with it. they are fairly priced, and the staff was wonderful to work with. they also sewed an anti-slip rubber backing onto the bottom of one of my vintage rugs. myers will take care of all of your rug & carpet needs!
- erikaour interior design firm works with myers regularly, and we couldn't be more happy with our relationship! they have a wide selection of carpets, rugs, and flooring. our projects with them always go smoothly, from the selection process to installation, and our clients are pleased with the end results. we really appreciate everyone at myers.
- frankmy wife and i visited four other flooring stores before finding myers. there was no comparison. myers and our sales guy were head and shoulders above the rest in terms of communication, product quality, and pricing. save yourself time and money - myers makes sense!
expert flooring in nashville, tnvisit us in the heart of the nashville design district to explore our stunning collection of flooring.flooringcarpethardwoodlaminateluxury vinylarea rugsservicesroom visualizerschedule an in-homeabout usreviewslocationour work2919 sidco drnashville, tn 37204(615) 777-3344

contact us
copyright ©2025 myers flooring of nashville. all rights reserved.accessibilitysite mapprivacy policyterms & conditionsour site uses cookies to improve your experience. by using our site, you acknowledge and accept our use of cookies. please read our privacy policy and the terms and conditions for more information.

close gdpr cookie banner


accept
reject
settings

close gdpr cookie banner


                       

close gdpr cookie settings




privacy overview


strictly necessary cookies


3rd party cookies


additional cookies


cookie policy

powered by  gdpr cookie compliance
privacy overviewthis website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
strictly necessary cookiesstrictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.

enable or disable cookies


if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd party cookiesthis website uses google analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.

enable or disable cookies


please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
additional cookiesthis website uses the following additional cookies:(list the cookies that you are using on the website here.)

enable or disable cookies


please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
cookie policyfor more information about our cookie policy, please go to our privacy policy
enable all
save changes
 

