

























homepage | augustana university









      skip to main content
    





























          apply
        



          visit
        



          request info
        



          give
        



          calendar
        



          current students
        



          faculty & staff
        



          viking bold
        




      tools
      







              apply
            



              visit
            



              request info
            



              give
            



              calendar
            



              current students
            



              faculty & staff
            



              viking bold
            








      resources for
    









              current students
            



              faculty & staff
            









    main menu
  




about





            about sioux falls
          



            diversity, equity & inclusion
          



            employment
          



            history
          



            leadership
          



            mission, vision & values
          



            news
          



            strategic plan: viking bold
          



            viking bold: measures of success
          



            sustainability
          



            tobacco-free campus
          



            constitution day
          





visit





            lodging & dining
          



            maps & directions
          





admission & aid





            admission counselors
          



            admission requirements
          



            admitted students
          



            financial aid, costs & scholarships
          



            test-optional admission policy
          



            transfer students
          





academics





            undergraduate programs
          



            graduate programs
          



            academic calendar
          



            academic catalog
          



            civitas honors program
          



            continuing education & workshops
          



            core curriculum (general education)
          



            elite scholarship opportunities
          



            faculty awards
          



            high impact practices
          



            honor societies
          



            mikkelsen library
          



            office of academic affairs
          



            registrar
          



            student success center
          



            undergraduate research
          



            rydell school of business
          



            school of health professions
          



            school of music
          



            sharon lust school of education
          



            center for interdisciplinary studies
          





international programs





            prospective international students
          



            admitted international students
          



            current international students
          



            partnerships & customized programs
          



            study abroad
          



            support the ipo
          





student affairs





            accessibility services
          



            business office
          



            campus safety
          



            dean of students
          



            dining services
          



            health & counseling
          



            housing & residence life
          



            office of faith & spiritual life
          



            recreational services
          



            student engagement
          



            textbooks, ole's outlet & post office
          



            viking days
          



            well-being model
          





the arts





            art galleries & exhibits
          



            school of music
          



            theatre
          





            athletics
          



            alumni
          



            give
          



resources





            augustana research institute
          



            campus learning center
          



            center for western studies
          



            camps & lessons
          



            conferences & scheduling
          



            directory
          



            events calendar
          



            office of advancement
          






    main menu
  


































































          apply
        



          visit
        



          request info
        



          give
        



          calendar
        



          current students
        



          faculty & staff
        



          viking bold
        




      tools
      







              apply
            



              visit
            



              request info
            



              give
            



              calendar
            



              current students
            



              faculty & staff
            



              viking bold
            










search









this visually opens the search form.





this visually closes the search form.
































        find your bold at augustana university
      




        pause video
      









                  welcome to augustana
      
    


a nationally-recognized university located in sioux falls, augustana is home to students who aspire to become the change-makers and problem-solvers of tomorrow.we believe life is about the journey — the places you see, the experiences you have, the knowledge you gain and the people you meet along the way. it's what being a viking is all about, and it's why we're proud to partner with families to make that journey possible.




      visit au
    










 






















      welcome week at au
    









      watch video
    











                    99
      
      


                  of 2024 graduates achieved a positive career outcome
      
    




                    top
      
      

                    5
      
      


                  best value schools in the midwest
      
    

                  u.s. news & world report
      
    




                    12:1
      
      


                  student-to-faculty ratio in augustana university classrooms
      
    




                    99
      
      


                  of 2024 graduates received admission into continuing education
      
    





      view graduate outcomes
    







                  student spotlight
      
    


nearly 2,400 undergraduate and graduate students at augustana university come from 41 states and 54 countries. hannah nguyen '25, an international student from dak lak, vietnam, highlights her experience at augustana and the support she's received.




      learn more about international programs
    










 






















      hannah nguyen '25
    









      watch video
    







explore academic programs
costs & scholarships
explore sioux falls





                  augustana news spotlight
      
    






 























99% of 2024 augustana university graduates achieve a positive career outcome   




a newly published report by augustana university shows that 99% of 2024 graduates achieved a positive career outcome. many of these graduates chose to continue their education, with 26% enrolled in graduate school or professional programs. more employment data, as well as other post-graduation activities and destinations for members of the augustana class of 2024, is detailed in the career outcomes report published by the student success center at augie.edu/outcomes.








 























augustana’s 28th boe forum to feature presidential historian




hosted by augustana university and the center for western studies (cws), the 28th boe forum on public affairs will feature an evening with jon meacham, presidential historian and pulitzer prize-winning author. the talk, entitled “what has america learned?” will be held at 7:30 p.m., on wednesday, march 19, in the elmen center on augustana’s campus.








 























augustana university’s school of music hosts 2025 j. earl lee collaborative piano festival




the augustana university school of music (som) is excited to announce its 2025 j. earl lee piano festival — taking place from feb. 27 - march 1, on augustana’s campus. the international competition for young pianists features performances by award-winning pianist jean-efflam bavouzet. for more information and to purchase tickets, visit augie.edu/leepianofestival.








 























augustana fall 2024 dean’s list recognizes 982 students




augustana university announced today students who have been named to the dean's list for the fall semester of the 2024-25 academic year. view the full list.








 























au scouting report: alumni score in professional sports organizations




from scouting prospective players and coaching strength exercises to managing programming or crafting policy, augustana alumni are scoring big by serving professional sports organizations across the country. while their roles differ, a common thread remains — the lessons they learned at augustana tee’d them up for success.








      view all news
    





inspired by lutheran scholarly tradition and the liberal arts, augustana provides an education of enduring worth that challenges the intellect, fosters integrity and integrates faith with learning and service in a diverse world.







 













      visit campus
    








      address
    










                sioux falls,
                sd,
                57197
              



                maps & directions
              







      phone
    







                605.274.0770
              

                800.727.2844
              









                  viking bold strategic plan
                



                  accessibility statement
                



                  fcc file
                



                  complaints & concerns
                



                  freedom of speech & expression
                



                  consumer disclosures
                



                  contact us
                



                  my.augie.edu
                



                  privacy policy
                



                  rss
                





















      ©2023 augustana university. all rights reserved.
    









































augustana university is committed to providing equal access to and participation in employment opportunities, programs and services, without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, ancestry, age, veteran status, or disability. augustana complies with title ix of the education amendments of 1972, title vii of the civil rights act, the americans with disabilities act, rehabilitation act and other applicable laws providing for nondiscrimination against all individuals. au will provide reasonable accommodations for known disabilities to the extent required by law.














