







peacock bass & largemouth bass fishing guide services in everglades, miami & okeechobee | hawghunter guide service




















       
































 
    




















home
about
the fish

largemouth bass
peacock bass


rates
gallery
reports
contact
other adventures

amazon
alaska
argentina
canada
panama


blog
 




 














the original!
since 1993 hawghunter guide service has been providing top quality florida peacock bass fishing and florida largemouth bass fishing guided tours.


slider6
since 1993 hawghunter guide service has been providing top quality florida peacock bass fishing and florida largemouth bass fishing guided tours.


slider7
since 1993 hawghunter guide service has been providing top quality florida peacock bass fishing and florida largemouth bass fishing guided tours.


slider8
since 1993 hawghunter guide service has been providing top quality florida peacock bass fishing and florida largemouth bass fishing guided tours.


slide4
since 1993 hawghunter guide service has been providing top quality florida peacock bass fishing and florida largemouth bass fishing guided tours.


slide5
since 1993 hawghunter guide service has been providing top quality florida peacock bass fishing and florida largemouth bass fishing guided tours.
















florida peacock bass and largemouth bass guided fishing trips in florida
since 1993 years hawghunter guide service has been providing top quality florida peacock bass fishing and florida largemouth bass fishing guided tours in the south florida / miami area. we are proud to offer the best florida fishing guide services around. contact capt. frank today and find out why we are truly the best.
we cover the areas of:
            
lake okeechobee
miami for peacock bass
florida everglades







more about the hawghunter
my passion for fishing started about the time i was able to walk. originally from paterson, new jersey, when it came to fishing i had the best teacher, my dad, john “cobby” carbone.together we’d fished the local ponds, rivers and of course the jersey shore. we fished for everything you can imagine, carp, bass, sunfish, perch, trout and worked our way up to porgies, blowfish, blues, and even marlin...
read more



contact us


location
9124 leon circle east, parkland, fl 33076


email
info@hawghunterguideservice.com


phone
(954) 325-1115








 







hawghunter world fishing - travel the world with frank carboneamazonamazon river peacock bass manaus, brazil in the heart of the amazon rain forest in south america, lies the largest river system in all...read morefloridaeverglades, lake ocheechobee, miami peacock bass & largemouth bass fishing miami canal system, peacock bass the exotic peacock bass has been in the miami...read morepanamapanama deep sea fishing the famous isla montuosa, hannibal bank, isla ladrones and the 1000 fathom drop are all very near by. blue marlin,...read moreargentinafly fishing trips in salta, argentina argentina fly fishing experience world-class fly fishing in the salta province in north west argentina on the rio...read morealaskaalaska fishing guide all inclusive hosted trip: august, 1-8 2015 fishing for salmon, northern pike, golden leopard rainbow trout, dolly varden, & graylings.read morecanadafly fishing in ontario, canada walleye, northern pike, muskie, lake trout, small mouth bass some of the most exhilarating fresh-water fishing in the world...read more
 







connect with us


newsletter sign-up
 










we are everywhere





(954) 325-1115









rates
reports
other adventures
© hawghunter guide service






































  


