






tampa bay library consortium – provide better, faster library services to the residents of central florida.





































































































programs & services





ask a librarianflorida library delivery servicereciprocal borrowingperformer's showcase 


upcoming trainingtblc niche academyflorida library webinars 
 

about





governancemembershipdisaster recovery role 
 





 













tampa bay library consortium, inc.

quick links





ask a librarian



delivery



training



mailing list



tblc help















tblc programs








ask a librarian
ask a librarian provides florida residents with virtual reference service via live chat and text messaging.








florida library delivery service
florida library delivery service provides pickup and delivery of interlibrary loan materials among over 200 libraries in florida.








florida library webinars
flw offers continuing education to all florida library staff through live webinars and a library of over 700 classes in niche academy.








upcoming regional training
regional ce offers in-person training, large-scale events and conferences, and web-based learning.









tblc member services








consulting & facilitation
tblc provides consulting and facilitation to assist your library staff in planning, development, analysis, and good old-fashioned advice. 








disaster recovery
following regional emergencies, tblc will work to identify libraries and help libraries that have sustained damage, need assistance, or are closed. 








reciprocal borrowing
libraries that are members of tblc’s reciprocal borrowing agreement agree to allow walk-in patrons to check out materials from any participating library. 









your source for learning








upcoming regional training
regional ce offers in-person training, large-scale events and conferences, and web-based learning.








florida library webinars
flw offers continuing education to all florida library staff through live webinars and a library of over 700 classes in niche academy.








learning on-demand
on-demand learning through niche academy. this includes both self-paced learning courses and archived web training.





 










the tampa bay library consortium, inc. (tblc) is a nonprofit multitype library cooperative that assists and empowers over 120 libraries.
all types of libraries – public, academic, school and specialized – are members. since 1979, tblc has worked with member libraries to provide better, faster service to the residents of central florida.

address and phone

telephone: 813-622-8252
mail via us mail:tampa bay library consortium, inc.po box 75498tampa, fl 33675
packages via ups, dhl or fedex:tampa bay library consortium, inc.1600 e 8th ave, suite a200tampa, fl 33605



accessibility statement



services

ask a librarian
consulting
disaster recovery & facilitation
florida library webinars
florida library delivery service
group purchase
member discounts
niche academy, self-paced learning
reciprocal borrowing
staff training



about

join our mailing list
contact us
staff
help

governance & board of directors
member libraries
about
compliance documents
join tblc







the tampa bay library consortium, inc. is a registered 501 (c)(3) nonprofit organization (ein 59-2410156).



 























































