










stanford teacher education program (step) | stanford gse













      skip to main content
    













programs & degrees


admissions & aid


faculty & research


about




future students


current students


faculty/staff


alumni


careers








news


directory


events


give




















 



search










 








programs & degrees


admissions & aid


faculty & research


about


















stanford teacher education program (step)




the stanford teacher education program (step) is a nationally renowned 12-month full time program preparing future teacher leaders at the elementary and secondary levels. step integrates a high quality academic program with a well-supported, yearlong classroom placement.


elementary education
secondary education




who are step candidates?

1
strong academic preparation

the design of the program makes for an academically rigorous year. a record of academic success gives applicants the opportunity to succeed at the master's level. applicants to step secondary should demonstrate a strong knowledge of and commitment to the subject matter of their teaching specialization (i.e., math, science, english, history/social science, or world languages).





2
experience with youth

the desire to work compassionately and constructively with youth is essential for finding fulfillment and success as a teacher. we seek applicants with a range of meaningful prior experience with youth (e.g., experience as a camp counselor, athletic coach, special needs classroom assistant, church youth group leader, etc.).



3
commitment to teaching as a profession

our teacher candidates are committed to teaching for social justice, they recognize the value of working with diverse populations, and they are dedicated to equity and excellence for all students.





4
collegiality, professionalism, and leadership

at its best, teaching is a collaborative, professional endeavor. our teacher candidates work together to support shared goals and enhance the teaching profession.
at step, we strive to prepare expert teachers for leadership within and beyond the classroom.











 back to the top




 

stanford graduate school of education482 galvez mallstanford, ca 94305-3096tel: (650) 723-2109



 

improving lives through learning

find us on linkedin
find us on instagram
find us on threads
find us on facebook
youtube
find us on twitter

make a gift



 

footer #1


contact admissions


gse leadership


web accessibility





 

footer #2


career resources


faculty open positions


explore courses


academic calendar


office of the registrar


cubberley library





 

footer #3


webmail


stanfordwho


stanfordyou


25live


login















stanford home
maps & directions
search stanford
emergency info




terms of use
privacy
copyright
trademarks
non-discrimination
accessibility




© stanford university,  stanford, california 94305.
    











