












the whole grains council






























skip navigation












conferenceen españolabout usmembers listmeet the wgc staffscientific advisorsculinary advisorsblognewsroommyths bustedwhole grain statisticsphoto galleryinfographicspress releasesofficial commentspermissions and reprintscontactsign infor membersjoin the whole grains councilhow to use the stampwgc plans & projects for 2025take advantage of your membershipimportant news for membersfoodservice advisory committeesprouted grains working groupwgc foodservice directory 





for members














whole grains 101
whole grain stamp
find whole grains
recipessearch recipes
cooking whole grains
"watch & learn" videos
foodservice recipes

resourcessearch resources
whole grain promo items
whole grain-rich & schools
government guidance
past conference materials
support to researchers
book recommendations
whole grain train song
guess the grains quiz

get involved
 





whole grains 101what's a whole grain? a refined grain?whole grains a to zhealth studies & health benefitshow much is enough?identifying whole grain productseasy ways to enjoy whole grainsgrain of the month calendarwhole grain stampstamp faq for consumersstamp faq for manufacturerscanadian stampit's workingfind whole grainsstamped productseating away from homemail order grain sourceswholesale ingredient sourcesfoodservice support & productslocal grainsrecipessearch recipescooking whole grains"watch & learn" videosfoodservice recipesresourcessearch resourceswhole grain promo itemswhole grain-rich & schoolsgovernment guidancepast conference materialssupport to researchersbook recommendationswhole grain train songguess the grains quizget involvedour consumer newsletternew whole grain academywhole grains monthattend our conferencewebinarstravel with us 






search form

search 





 

















 

 
 
delicious whole grain recipes
learn to cook with whole grains you’ve never tried before, from our collection of hundreds of recipes. browse recipes

  

 

 
 
whole grains rock!
learn how to prepare whole grains from around the world with our whole grains cookbook! featuring mediterranean, african, asian, and latin american dishes. read more
 

  

 

 
 
gluten free doesn't mean grain free
it’s a fact that most grains are gluten free – like amaranth, buckwheat, corn, millet, quinoa, and many more. check out the facts on gluten

  

 

 
 
look for the whole grain stamp
eight out of ten people (83%) trust the whole grain stamp to accurately state a product’s whole grain content. find out more about the stamp

  

 

 
 
take our "guess the grains" quiz
are you a quinoa connoisseur or a fan of farro? test your skills here

  

 

 
 
barley is february's whole grain of the month
barley has the highest ﬁber of all whole grains. look for whole barley, hulled barley, or hull-less barley, rather than pearled barley, to be sure you’re getting a whole grain. read more

  

 

















learn about whole grains

what's a whole grain?
whole grains list a to z
what about gluten?
whole grain stamp
health benefits of whole grains




 

what's a whole grain? a refined grain?all grains start life as whole grains . in their natural state growing in the ﬁelds, whole grains are the entire seed of a plant. this seed (also called a “kernel”) is made up of three edible parts – the bran, the germ, and the endosperm – protected by an inedible husk that protects the kernel from...learn more 





 

whole grains a to zcheck out our “encyclopedia of whole grains” to get a quick overview of all the diﬀerent grains you could sample, and a few interesting facts about each one. then dive deeper if you want more...learn more 





 

gluten free whole grainsmost people ﬁnd whole grains are a delicious way to improve their health, and they enjoy the pleasures of choosing among all the diﬀerent whole grains. however, the millions of people who can’t properly digest gluten must choose their grains carefully. luckily for them, most grains are gluten free.learn more 





 

whole grain stampconsumers searching the grocery aisles for authentic whole grain foods now have an eﬀective “search tool” – the whole grain stamp. making it easy for shoppers to spot whole grain foods helps close the whole grains gap and promotes a goal long sought by nutrition and medical experts. that’s why the...learn more 





 

what are the health benefits?studies show that eating whole grains instead of reﬁned grains lowers the risk of many chronic diseases. while beneﬁts are greatest with at least 3 servings daily, some studies show reduced risks from as little as one serving daily. the message: every whole grain in your diet helps!learn more 

 







our mission

the whole grains council helps consumers ﬁnd whole grain foods and understand their health beneﬁts; helps manufacturers and restaurants create delicious whole grain foods; and helps the media write accurate, compelling stories about whole grains.
learn more about us





did you know?





september is whole grains month, worldwide! celebrate by adding one whole grain to your meals and snacks, every day of the month.
join in the celebration


 







what's new in whole grains





february 5, 2025

which whole grains foods does the fda consider "healthy?"in december, the fda issued a final rule to update the nutrient content claim defining the term “healthy.” find out which whole grain products made the cut, and the nutrition thresholds they need to comply with.read more



january 30, 2025

an interview with wgc founding director, cynthia harriman.to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the whole grain stamp, we sat down with cynthia harriman, the founding director of the whole grains council and architect of the stamp! she shared stories and reflected on the lasting legacy of the stamp. 
...read more



january 8, 2025

the whole grain stamp turns 20! we’re celebrating a very special anniversary this month! in january 2005, the whole grain stamp officially launched. to celebrate, we spoke with some of our founding member companies about our partnership.
...read more




    see more posts  

 













facebook
twitter
instagram



visit us on facebook: https://www.facebook.com/oldwayspt/









 lemon bars with tahini cookie crust! 🍋

the combination of lemon and tahini is a match made in the mediterranean. f… https://t.co/awhuwhp0go        —   
   1 year 7 months ago  

 dried fruit remains a delicious staple in our kitchens. incorporating it into our meals provides us with ﬁber, vita… https://t.co/sgsrqk4ruv        —   
   1 year 8 months ago  

 vitamin d plays an important role in bone health, as well as in immune, nerve, and muscle function. here are some v… https://t.co/pe0msocxeq        —   
   1 year 8 months ago  

 rt @oldwayspt: we will be recognizing juneteenth with a cookbook giveaway, blog posts, red food shout-outs, and month-long resourc… https://t.co/z8zuadpf89        —   
   1 year 8 months ago  

 happy #juneteenth! take our online e-course at https://t.co/yt4zeh7vsz to get recipes, cooking techniques, and lear… https://t.co/ylmdkrwpb7        —   
   1 year 8 months ago  

 rt @bonappetit: cookbook author nicole a. taylor's watermelon cucumber slushy is a bright and balanced thirst quencher you’ll enjoy… https://t.co/izsdmbof3k        —   
   1 year 8 months ago  

 take our online e-course at https://t.co/yt4zeh7vsz to get recipes, cooking techniques, and learn about the culture… https://t.co/d8h2pfqybw        —   
   1 year 8 months ago  

 rt @sorghumgrowers: sorghum is the @oldwayspt whole grains council whole grain of the month! sorghum has been in increasing in populari… https://t.co/uuthtlg8bd        —   
   1 year 8 months ago  

 switzerland is a must-see destination! find out why: https://t.co/w383bi4jjk https://t.co/gxxbxo04co        —   
   1 year 8 months ago  

 rt @sorghumcheckoff: june is reserved for national sorghum month and a time to spotlight our hearty and versatile grain. join us all mon… https://t.co/dmg3wl8jwt        —   
   1 year 8 months ago  

 two african heritage recipe demos from prairie view a&m university: jollof rice and spicy chickpeas. watch here:… https://t.co/iq16iuktx9        —   
   1 year 8 months ago  

 travel to greece! join us as we explore the amazing food, beaches, history and culture of the peloponnese from nort… https://t.co/awa4wkgdh7        —   
   1 year 8 months ago  



    more  

 





visit us on instagram @oldways_pt



 





top




contact us

oldways
whole grains council
266 beacon street, suite 1
boston, ma 02116
tel 617-421-5500
fax 617-421-5511
email info@oldwayspt.org





follow us

facebook
twitter
instagram
pinterest
rss
oldwayspt
 





 




policies

view privacy policy
view cookie policy
view terms of service
view disclaimer





subscribe

get health information, news and recipes by subscribing to our monthly newsletter.
 

enter email address

 






website by digital loom









