

dubyaspeak.com : : we record the damage.



















dubyaspeak.com / visitors served: >>4,245,110 / quote stockpile: 4,333 / days left in reign: 0

one of the most recently added dubya moments "actually, i used to talk to president clinton during my presidency. and i — and then, of course, called upon he and president 41, my dad, to work together on the tsunami and then katrina." (jan. 18, 2010)




the new stuff:


fresh dubya


latest additions



 
quotes by category:


dubya the debater
dubya the campaigner
dubya in crawford
dubya and the family
dubya at war
dubya on education
dubya on energy
dubya on himself
dubya on the presidency
dubya the economist
dubya the fabulous


dubya the geographer
dubya the grammarian
dubya the historian
dubya the philosopher
dubya the policymaker
dubya the theologian
what's in a name?
100% pure dubya
hurricane dubya
domestic dubya
international dubya



 
special content:


repeat offender
best of dubyaspeak


this day in dubya history






























welcome welcome to dubyaspeak.com, grand repository for the gravy train of strained english that defined america's mangler-in-chief. we've been in constant operation since 2001, so you have a lot of choices here, but if you can't make up your mind, why not start by checking out dubya the historian?
official gear get a dubyaspeak logo ringer t, or other fabulous dubyaspeak merchandise.
reading list buy this book or one of dubyaspeak's other book suggestions from amazon.com.
favorite dubyaspeak lv if you had to choose, which of these dubya originals would you say is your favorite?
[at the g8 conference] goodbye from the world's biggest polluter.
i was impressed every day by how hard and how skillful our team was.
we can help somebody who hurts by hugging a neighbor in need.
i'm the first former president to be able to share the post-presidency with both my parents.
view current tallyview past poll results

submissions although we constantly hunt for more quotable material, it is quite likely that a few classics still manage to slip past. if you have something to contribute, please send it in.
defining moments what kind of hijinks has dubya been up to? visit dubya incidents for all the details.
life-size powerpoints no dubya outing is complete without a carefully constructed backdrop. see many examples on dubya image management (d.i.m.).








copyright 2001-25 dubyaspeak.com. all rights reserved.

