



teleshuttle home page





















 

smartly connecting people / 
	things / systems



	 










	teleshuttle is now primarily focused on supporting richard reisman's pro-bono projects 
	
	-- for current information (and bio), see the 
	two blogs listed below.

 



active pro-bono initiatives
			 



(most 
			currently active)
 
social media policy: who 
			feeds your head? ...and how?
delegation of user choice, 
			freedom of impression
information ecosystems and 


			the augmented wisdom of crowds
			 

current information is on this blog:
			smartlyintertwingled.com:




			selected items (on that blog and other publications)



current blog posts



bio


fundamental problems in managing our online media tools have become 
			an existential threat to our democracy. we can do better at managing the social value and truth 
			of media content, and having agency over how that is fed to each of 
			us. 

			 
the key is to restore the freedom of 
			impression we did not realize we had until the platforms co-opted 
			it.
			 
these ideas have been published in 
			tech policy press and elsewhere, and cited in an ftc report to 
			congress.


 




(less  
			currently active) 


			fairpay: adaptively win-win customer relationships
			 

current information is on this blog: 
			
			fairpayzone.com:




				selected items (on that blog and other publications)



current blog posts



overview of fairpay




				fairpay book




			bio


 
			fairpay is a radically innovative framework for 
			relationship-centered, “customer-value-first” revenue strategies for 
			the digital era. its varying forms can be adapted across a wide 
			spectrum of business contexts, both for-profit and non-profits. 

			 
 
			these ideas have been published in harvard business review 
			and other business press, and in scholarly journals. (fairpay is 
			an open conceptual framework and relationship architecture, not a product.)


 





     

     










teleshuttle corporation was founded by richard reisman in 1994 for envisioning 
	a user-centric future of smartly connected 
	people, things, and systems. it has worked as an innovation studio –
	

researching / 
	developing / commercializing its innovations in 
	collaboration with strategic partners, leading to 52 patents now licensed to 
	over 200 companies to serve billions of users.*  

(*all 
			52 patents are now expired and in public domain. patent applications 
			related to social media and fairpay have been expressly released 
			into public domain. background 
	from the 
	old teleshuttle web site is still accessible, but no longer 
			current.)
contact information 
richard r. reisman, president, teleshuttle 
	corporation
    20 east 9th street, new york, ny 10003
    (212)-673-0225 
    e-mail: info@teleshuttle.com 










 



 




