


  







home - annett bus lines






































































blog
rate annett
 

800.282.3655









 

why annett

safety first
serve others
exceed expectations
enjoy the journey


who we serve

schools
bands
churches
colleges


locations
about annett

team
history
charter bus careers
in the news
testimonials
annett calendar
affiliations
partners


our buses

56 passenger
media gallery


covid-19

ride safely
cleaning policy


request a quote
 




annett bus lines enjoy the journey​ learn more 







check out our recent video!
click here



 



why annett


safety first
at annett, safety is not a department, it’s our culture! annett goes the “extra mile” to ensure that our passengers are safe!
start the journey
 

serve others
annett bus lines is proud to support our communities that we serve.
explore annett’s services
 

exceed expectations
when it comes to “going the extra mile”, annett pulls out all the stops! our goal is to not only meet, but to exceed your expectations as a charter bus.
find out how
 

enjoy the journey
we provide our customers with live entertainment and the convenience of utilizing smart phones, computers and hand-held gaming devices on-board.
get started





plan early and save!
enjoy discounted travel on monday through wednesday.
view calendars 





our services
at annett, we aim to make your trip enjoyable.  our experienced staff is eager to understand your needs so that we can be ready to exceed your expectations.
learn more about what we do for you
 

who we serve
annett has served many industries throughout all of florida and southern georgia over the past 44 years. our schools, bands, churches and colleges are just a few of our top clients. many have shared their experiences and given testimonies to why they choose annett bus lines as their preferred transportation provider.
take a look at what they have to say!
 

meet our drivers
annett has just the right driver for your group’s needs.    whether it’s a driver who knows the major city or someone who can relate with your group and personally get to know you, we have the driver that will enhance your overall experience.
get to know your driver
 






“mr. ernest has to be one of your best drivers at annett! he was kind, courteous and most respectful to every passenger. most importantly, he showed his true nature of caliber when he called me the following morning to advise that he found a wallet on the bus that belonged to one our staff members – within an hour, mr. ernest drove to my home and delivered the purse and its contents.  if that does not remind us that there is still good people left in this world, then nothing will! we are so blessed to have had him as our driver and thank you annett bus lines for employing this wonderful gentle giant!”

larry s.


“i just wanted to thank you for the wonderful experience we had with mary jo again. she is amazing and a pleasure to work with! we were bouncing ideas back and forth for our trip next year possibly to boston and new york city.
i will work on it this summer and let you know as soon as i have it all planned out and approved. after so many years of bouncing from bus company to bus company, you are definitely the best! i will go nowhere else for my charter needs!”

soraya tflorida






ready to plan your travel?
request your free quote today and one of our dedicated sales team will contact you!
request a quote 



 
we have a bus near you!
annett bus lines is a part of a consortium of motorcoaches and can serve in a variety of ways. annett bus lines covers the state like no other florida bus companies and is the company for you!
click here for more information.

sebring (corporate office)
jacksonville
ocala
tallahassee
vero beach
madison
panama city

 
 




stay connected with annett bus lines










home
our buses
trips ideas
about annett
request a quote
blog
rate annett
 





© 2024 annett bus lines. all rights reserved.


let's talk annett 1.800.282.3655

facebook
instagram
twitter
linkedin
pinterest
blog
youtube



website design & development by ironistic









                            call now                        







                            email                        










				important update regarding covid-19			




			×			











