






air compressor exchange - search our up to date listings of used air compressors and air dryers. 













          
        
        login  | 
        register  | 
        
        used air compressors  | 
        used air dryers  | 
        compressor lubricants  | 
        compressor filters  | 
        sales: 419-661-9568  | 
        fax: 877-229-6301  | 
        sales@aircompressorexchange.com


















home


contact


rental compressors


full listings


search


 


used air compressors


used air dryers


 


compressor oil 


compressor filters


 


pneumatic tools


receiver tanks


heat exchangers 


compressor air-oil aftercoolers


 


freight information


get a quote


print our brochure


 



print our brochure




                sales:
                419-661-9568
                email: sales
register:
                866-507-1950 
                email: registration 


 









 








                  used aircompressors
                













new
                  recips
                













used air
                  dryers 
                










compressor
                  lubricants
                










compressor
                  filters
                
















welcome to air compressor exchange















gardner denver 300hp two stage 2002




hp: 300




mfr: gardner denver




mdl: eut99a                                            




amt: $1.00




view full details...

















sullair rotary screw air compressor




hp: 400




mfr: sullair




mdl: ls32400l                                          




amt: $34,000.00




view full details...

















sullair 300hp many upgrades 1997




hp: 300




mfr: sullair




mdl: ls32-300l                                         




amt: $1.00




view full details...

















quincy qsi1500  with 2004 factory air end




hp: 300




mfr: quincy




mdl: qsi-1500                                          




amt: $1.00




view full details...



















ingersoll 300hp two stage




hp: 300




mfr: ingersoll rand




mdl: ssr-epe-300-2s                                    




amt: $1.00




view full details...

















quincy qsi 750 150hp low hours  2005




hp: 150




mfr: quincy




mdl: qsi750                                            




amt: $1.00




view full details...

















ingersoll rand 150hp low hours!!!!




hp: 150




mfr: ingersoll rand




mdl: ssrxp150                                          




amt: $1.00




view full details...

















sullair 2007 industrial rotary screw air compressor 100hp




hp: 100




mfr: sullair




mdl: ls160-100h                                        




amt: $1.00




view full details...






acx is your home to find anything related to compressed air. used  compressors are just the beginning of what we have to offer. air dryers,  both desiccant air dryers and refrigerant air dryers are specialties of aircompressorexchange.com. below  is a listing of just some of the used air compressor equipment that we offer: 

used air compressors 
rebuilt air compressors
new air compressors
portable diesel air compressors
used refrigerant air dryers
new refrigerant air dryers
used desiccant air dryers
new desiccant air dryers
compressor oil
blower oil
air compressor filters
oil filters
separator filters
coalescing filters

air compressor exchange carries all the major brands of  compressor equipment. we carry used compressor brands by: 

comp air
leroi
sullair
ingersoll-rand
joy
gardner-denver
kaeser
atlas-copco
quincy
palatek
and many more

acx also carries all brands of new and used compressed air  dryers:

air-tek
daniel bowers
devilbiss
hankison
motiv-air
pnuematec
bel-air
and many more

with air compressor exchange’s toll-free number of 1-419-661-9568,  you can call with any questions you have, you can place an order, order filters  or other maintenance items for your air compressor, air dryer, air filters or  oil filters. you can also order pm kits for your air dryer. 
aircompressorexchange also has some exciting news! you,  our customer, can shop for all of your air compressor  preventative maintenance needs on line! we have air  filters, oil filters, separators and coalescing filters listed for all brands  of air compressors. we will include cross-over lists and if you have  questions, you will be able to call acx on our toll-free telephone line and get  live help monday through friday, 8:00 am – 5:00   pm eastern standard time. 
acx also has low, low prices on high-quality air compressor  lubricants for all brands of air compressors! call us toll-free at 1-419-661-9568  and give us the make and model number of your compressor and we can recommend  the appropriate oil for your machine. air compressor exchange carries the  following types of oil. call acx and we will match your air compressor,  vacuum pump, blower and air tools with the correct oil or lubricant to maximize  its life.

synthetic diester compressor lubricants
synthetic hydrocarbon compressor lubricants
synthetic polyglycol compressor lubricants
synthetic polyol esther compressor lubricants
synthetic silicone compressor lubricants
synthetic hydrocarbon blower lubricants
synthetic hydrocarbon vacuum pump lubricants
synthetic hydrocarbon air tool lubricants
premium synthetic blend compressor lubricants

air compressor exchange is a company dedicated to selling  only quality used and new air compressors and related equipment. we offer  both manufacturers’ warranties as well as acx’s own warranty on equipment we  sell.
                    please see our warranty page for more information.
10 things you need to know about air & air compressors!
1. compressed air is your most expensive utility! it’s  true, dollar per dollar, cubic foot per cubic foot, compressed air is very  expensive. what’s equally true though is that compressed air is found in  over 99% of manufacturing plants. why? well, air does some jobs  better than any other method. the trick (actually no trick at all) is to  make your air supply as efficient as possible and your air usage as frugal as  possible. this is where air compressor exchange comes in. acx can help you  many ways.

acx can help you choose the best equipment for your  operation. remember, too big is as bad as too small. (click here) to  see a complete listing of the products we carry. 
acx can perform in-plant air audits. an air audit is  where we look at every aspect of compressed air. from production to use  and the lines in-between. remember, the initial visit is to determine if  our service will benefit you and it is free! we have literally saved our  customers hundreds of thousands of dollarsper year when performing air audits. contact  aircompressorexchange and see if one is right for you!
air compressor exchange has products to utilize compressed  air in efficient ways you may have never considered.
air compressor exchange can help you design a complete air  system that uses an efficient variable speed air compressor as well as state-of-the-art  piping and fittings that can be installed and modified in a fraction of the  time of conventional black iron pipe. we can even take care of the  installation if you want us to!
acx can repair and warrant your existing equipment. we  offer both on-site and off-site repair and rebuilding services to keep your  equipment operating at maximum efficiency! 

2. the cheapest air compressor is not always the cheapest  air compressor! huh? think about it. if you are a small  commercial user or a serious home user using one of the popular piston type (reciprocating)  compressors, can you afford to be without compressed air? no! well, when  you use the big box compressors, you are getting, at best, a compressor  intended for part-time or intermittent use. if you need your air  compressor running all day, you simply won’t get the life out of your  compressor that you deserve. you will save money in the long run by  purchasing a quality built air compressor from the start. you will save  money on repair costs as maintenance will be less but you will also save money  on electrical costs. if don’t believe this, consider that a quality air  compressor produces more air per horsepower. this means that it will run  less often using less electricity. in addition, this efficiency further  extends the life of the air compressor. 
3. performing preventative maintenance on your air  compressors will save money in the long run. changing those filters and  checking the oil can be time consuming but the pay-off is years down the road  when you are still getting good service from your air compressor and the guy  next door keeps replacing his. while somewhat unusual, a rotary screw air  compressor can last for as long as 100,000 hours or more! invariably, this  longevity has a lot to do with the level of preventative maintenance performed. this  includes:

regular filter changes
regular oil sampling
changing oil at manufacturer specified intervals
taking care of the little problems before they become big  ones
also, know your compressor! there are myriad brands of  compressors out there. some have electronic controls others, mechanical. take  the time to know what your compressor requires in the way of maintenance and  proper adjustment. this will increase efficiency and therefore, lifespan.

4. refrigerant air dryers are not the only type of air dryer  available. there are two other types or air dryers commonly seen,  desiccant air dryers and deliquescent air dryers. they each have their use. the  big question that dictates the type of dryer you need is where you will be  using your air. in a heated plant? in an unheated plant or  warehouse? do the lines run outside between buildings? depending on  the answers to these questions, you may actually need one of the other types of  dryers. desiccant dryers can dry air in extremely cold environments as  well as any environment that “defeats” the drying ability of a refrigerant  dryer. deliquescent dryers have some of the same attributes of the  desiccant dryers (and at a lower cost!) but they unfortunately, are messy to  use. in a deliquescent dryer, the drying agent, urea, is consumed in the  drying process and can end up clogging things up downstream. it is for  this reason that deliquescent dryers are rather uncommon and acx will not sell  them. if you have questions about which dryer type will serve you best,  please contact acx. we will be happy to assist you in choosing the dryer  right for you.
5. all air compressors condense water as a by-product. why  air compressors put out water is a common question. the answer is actually  rather simple. air always has a certain amount of water (actually water  vapor) in it. this is what the weather person calls relative humidity. in  the simplest terms, as air is compressed into a smaller volume, it has less and  less ability to hold this water vapor (a gas). since the water vapor has  nowhere else to go, it condenses and forms liquid water. this liquid water  must be dealt with. this is why a properly designed air system has  automatic drains that empty accumulated water periodically and the appropriate  type of air dryer (see #4 above). now, if you think you have a properly  designed system and you still have a water problem, this is an entirely  different matter. there can be many causes for this issue. we suggest  that if you are experiencing water problems you contact air compressor  exchange and let our diagnostic team help you solve the problem.
6. determining the proper size of compressor needed is not  all that difficult. all you really need to do is follow these guidelines:

add the air usage of each piece of equipment. this can  include air tools, blow-offs, pneumatic controls, air motors, air pumps, air  cylinders etc.
next determine which of these operate simultaneously or in  which combinations they operate.
the largest number in these various combinations is your  base usage. (for example, you may have 5 pneumatic tools that each consumes 3.5  cfm of compressed air but you only use 1 or 2 at any given time. this  means your base usage is 7 cfm not 17 ½ cfm. quite a difference! now,  this is a very simple example but the principle applies to all situations even  though the components may be different). 
now that you know your base usage, your have several  decisions to make:
                      
will other tools or equipment sometimes operate at the same  time? 
will i be hiring someone who may require additional air at  his or her workstation?
will i be buying additional or replacement equipment that  will require more air?


given the above considerations, do you need to add a little  more capacity for growth?
last, you need a little extra capacity to avoid overworking  the compressor. this is important in the case or the smaller piston type  compressors that are intended for start-stop operation. they do not have  the cooling capacity to run continuously.

7. there is no such thing as a “silent” air compressor. we  are asked very often to provide an air compressor that must be “quiet” because  of any number of reasons. like any machinery, all compressors make significant “noise”. having  said this, some are quieter than others. piston compressors (reciprocating  compressors) are generally the loudest. of these, the “oil-free” compressors  are the worst offenders. their design is such that there is no deadening  of the sound produced through the action of the piston, valves etc. in  addition, these oil-less designs tend to run at a higher rate of speed to  compensate for the smaller pistons and motors. this makes for an inexpensive  compressor but definitely not one that is designed to last. a well-designed  piston compressor will produce a more muffled sound, lower in pitch than the  sharp “banging” of an oil-free. a 15 to 20 db difference in noise levels  from the loudest piston units to the quietest is not unusual to see (or hear!)
of the more common industrial compressors, rotary screw  compressors are generally the quietest with vane compressors coming in a close  second and as you may imagine, the smaller the unit, the quieter (usually). 
the real question though is how quiet do you really need  your air compressor? many people will put the compressor in its own room  or purchase one with an approved enclosure. either way (or both) can cut  noise significantly, if not drastically. just remember that if you put the  compressor in a separate building, youmay need to use a desiccant dryer to get  all the moisture out. your refrigerant dryer may not be up to the task. be  careful about unapproved sound proof enclosures. 
8. know your terms! cfm, acfm and scfm do not mean the same  thing! no joke, while these acronyms, which stand for cubic feet per  minute, actual cubic feet per minute and standard cubic feet per minute  respectively, sound almost the same, they have slight but important differences  in meaning. to make matters worse, you might hear something called, icfm. this  stands for inlet cubic feet per minute. we are all used to saying and  thinking cfm but engineers, being who they are like to complicate things! actually,  while these terms do have specific meanings, cfm, acfm and icfm are close  enough in meaning that we can ignore the differences for this discussion. they  essentially describe the volume of air that enters the compressor at the inlet  valve. the term to be aware of is scfm. scfm or standard cubic feet  per minute give us a way to compare air volume using a standard reference that  takes temperature, atmospheric pressure and relative humidity into account. in  this case, the most common reference “benchmarks” are: 14.7 psia, 68 deg. f and  36% relative humidity.
so, how does this affect you? well, if you purchase a  machine that has a capacity of 450 acfm and your process (s) require a minimum  flow of 450 scfm; you may not have sufficient air if your conditions deviate  very far form the aforementioned standard. examples might be a mining  operation in the mountains. cold, dry mountain air; cool mine shafts,  lower pressure due to altitude can combine to force you to “de-rate” a  compressor’s output quite a bit. we recently talked with an export company  who planned to send several compressors to south america. given  all the parameters just discussed, the customer actually needed compressors  rated at 3500 acfm just to produce the 2200 scfm required! you’re probably  asking yourself, “that’s all well and good but i live in central   ohio. will this affect me?” the answer is a definite,  maybe! there is a long, fairly complicated equation to take all  atmospheric effects into account but rather than reprint it here, simply  realize that if your company’s machinery and processes require 450 acfm, you  need a machine that provides a bit more to account for the changes in weather. how  much more? if you’re unsure, please call or email acx. 
9. changing oil in your air compressor is not the same as  changing oil in your car! compressor oils are ultra refined and expected  to do a superior job over a long period of time. mixing various  formulations can cause you a lot of trouble. this is because as the oils  mix, the chemical compounds interact and coagulate. this forms a slime  that will clog control lines and cause your machine, usually, to overheat and  shutdown in a self protection mode. while this usually causes no permanent  damage, it creates a mess that is time-consuming and expensive to clean not to  mention the cost of the replacement oil! the moral here is that if you  really want to upgrade your oil, realize that the procedure to do so, while  expensive, is very necessary. if you purchase a used machine and are  unsure of the composition of the oil, take heart. air compressor exchange  can analyze your oil and determine not only the exact composition but the  current state (health) of the oil and whether or not the there are metals in  the oil (this determines the state of the rotating metal part such as bearings). the  cost for this service is reasonable so there really is no reason not to do it  on a quarterly basis. we recommend you perform this along with quarterly  maintenance. call aircompressorexchange to discuss this important aspect of  air compressor maintenance.
10. not all filters are created equal! this is true. if  you are offered the choice of regular and premium filters, you can be assured  that there is a difference. the differences have to do with construction. so  what? well, the better filters will have more surface area to trap whatever  the filter is designed to trap for starters. in addition, the better  filters will cause a lower pressure drop across them. this results in  higher efficiency and more air at the business end. last, there is less  oil carryover. oil carryover is expensive when you consider the price of  compressor oil. once again, use the best filters you can and change them  at regular intervals. it will pay dividends down the road. if you need to  know if your compressor has premium filters available, contact acx.
there you have it. follow these guidelines and you will  have a good start on determining your compressed air needs. if you have an  unusual situation and still have questions, please contact acx. 
buy, sell or rent new, used and reconditioned equipment - fast!








 


home |

       search |

       full listing |

       terms & faqs |

       contact acx

       air compressor exchange • 419-661-9568 • acx@aircompressorexchange.com
       air compressor exchange © 2025




 






