





recovery from mormonism - the mormon church











recovery from mormonism
a site for those who are
questioning their faith in the 
  mormon church
and for those who need support
as they transition their lives to
a normal life.
we are not affiliated with any 
  religion
and we do not advocate any religion.



bulletin boards 
   
very active and compassionate activity on the recovery board -  
2025
   recovery 
  board     &    
   
  biography board





  index stories of ex-mormons



selected newer 
  threads from the bbs
 
newest archives 
  or  what's new? 
  (latest update may 2018) 


selected older threads from the bbs
 

short topics 650+  
  (1996- 2012)  or

organized by
topic  (l996 - 
dec. 2014) 





  thinking of joining mormonism?





search the site
over 2,000,000 posts and articles




contacts



resigning/resignation 



full length book 
plural bride to be

mormon letters

articles and links




full length book 
latter-day saint swindle


full length book

the double-bind



full length book journey / odyssey







                   
rfm on-line for 26 years!!  founded 1995  -  

20 years of recovery from mormonism


 




recent archives and articles
 

mormon news



frequent updates at:  what's new? 
the  


bulletin board 
is very active -   there are 2 million+ posts in the 
main board.  the archives have over 1500 topics to read.  many folks 
and news organizations follow the 

bulletin board 
as it always has up to the minute information on the mormon church.  
non-mormons and ex-mormons love how they can get mormon news before their mormon 
families and friends.


 older format, yet highly relevant topics at
 

short topics[to 
search topics in threads use: 
search the site
and use the google bar]







   archive examples updated may 2018  




 
ptsd after serving a mormon mission  
many suffer second calling nightmares and loss of self-esteem. 



 
another mormon god goof  
 reformed eqyptian, jupiter talisman and much more



 
it is how joseph smith made his living  
 lds apostle admits joseph smith translated the book of mormon through a rock in a hat



 
why was the office of church patriarch terminated?  
 mormon history - benson



 
do you still harbor anger after leaving mormonism  
 life after mormonism



 
growing up catholic in utah  
 life in utah



 
in mormon theology do women become gods too  
mormon doctrine



 
joseph smith prophecies of earthquates and famines-benson  
failed prophecies



 
book of mormon - no jewish dna in lamanites  
book of mormon is a work of fiction



 
confronted by an active mormon  
 example of mormons with a lack of boundaries.



 
as a missionary i tracted an entire city in europe  
 mormon missionary experience



 
mormons shun those who leave the mormon church  
 mormon shunning



 
mormons think the righteous prosper  
 mormonism is similar to the prosperity gospel.



 
my youth was taken from me due to mormonism  
 growing up in mormonism.



 
new level of ex-mormon  
 view of mormonism changes over time. 



 
on my way out how will i recover  
 a convert leaving mormonism 



 
questionnaire for mormon investigators  
 an excellent questionare for those looking at joining mormonism.



 
struggling-to-leave-mormonism  
 an example of the difficulty of leaving a cult.



 
the lds church has not repudiated its official anti-black doctrine  
 mormon doctrine - discrimination against blacks




 
nightingale - former mormon and former jw  
 a convert to both




 
constantly changing doctrine of god in mormonism  
 mormon doctrine




 
fifth lecture on faith removed from d&c  
 mormon doctrine



 
does mormon royalty get special treatment?  
 benson




 
joseph smith sex offender?  
 smith - history



 
mormon general authorities and plagerism  
 lack of original thinking




 
byu student flunked for bare shoulders  
 life at byu




 
thomas s monson and his drinking coke habit  
 probably contributed to his diabetes




 
a non-mormon writes about living in utah  
 non-mormons in utah




 
attending mormon church serivces is a drudgery  
 3 hour church services each sunday




 
should i tell my family i no longer believe in mormonism?  
 husband and children still believe




 
mormon bishop is telling everyone i left the church  
 there is no confidentiality in mormonism




 
i am accused of betrayal in my marriage because i left mormonism  
 spouse is accused by mormon of betrayal




 
benson's story on leaving mormonism  
steve benson




 
prominent australian mormon faces 50 pedophile charges  
mormon church hastily removes info about him from the official site




 
benson family tries to silence whistler blower  
benson archive




 
official lds.org essay shows book of abraham is not true  
one of a number of carefully hidden essays on lds.org




 
contemporaries of brigham young show his bigotry was not a product of his times  
brigham young and blacks




 
ezra taft benson and the john birch society  
steve benson on his grandfather.




 
mark hofmann forgery and oaks defense of the forgery  
a great example of how general authorities lack integrity.




 
life is good as an ex-mormon  
a former poster returns after 4 years.




 
the most valiant are born into mormon families  
mormon doctrine




 
is belief in mormonism rational?  
it appears to be willful ignorance.




 what happened to fanny alger?  
joseph smith's first plural wife.



 mormon 
      apostle quentin cook is tired of anonymous online haters





 mormonism seems so silly the longer one has 
      been out



 i 
      want to move on but feel stuck 



 book 
      of mormon - discover america in 1976  
a different church in 1976.



    
   
       transcript 
      of apostle jeffrey r holland tempe rescue  
april 2016.  
read at note 29:44 "we are gods in embryo."  31:37 
      anger at ex-mormons



 the 
      thinking has been done - blind obedience in mormonism



 mormon 
      church and obedience - personal observations



 are 
      multiple children necessary in mormonism?



    
   
       why 
      western missouri became the mormon zion



    
   
       second 
      anointing - 1949 mormon church presidency   
includes interesting insight to the mormon church's history 
      of racial discrimination.



    
   
       how 
      should i feel about any religion now after mormonism?



    
   
       i 
      made a mistake getting baptized in the mormon church



    
   
       heartbroken 
      shaken and bewildered about mormonism



 mountain 
      meadows massacre approved by brigham young



    
   
       the 
      myth of perfection



    
   
       is 
      doubt now the main product of mormonism   [tscc 
      = this so called church]  discussion of "doubt your doubts".



    
   
       how 
      mormon general authorities are paid 



    
   
       do 
      you ever feel guilty over a small family size?



    
   
       golden 
      family the mormon missionary goal now extinct



    
   
       strengthening 
      the members committee



    
   
       fate 
      of the persecutors of the prophet joseph smith



    
   
       mormon 
      leaders have made mistakes



 

believing but inactive mormons



 

stupid analogies and phrases you used as a mormon 
      missionary



  

is it common for other churches to require ex-mormons 
      to get 
      re-baptized?



  

what is the shelf?



  

joseph smith uninspired invention of dead dunking 
      thanks to sudden death of alvin  mormon 
      temple ceremony for the dead



  

i think mormons are the worst oafs anywhere 
      preying on the vulnerable



  

friend of two years wants to invite me to the mormon 
      church



  

am i recovered from mormonism? 
      a good read



  

hugh nibley-the dedicated deceiver for glass looker 
      joseph smith




       been 
      inactive 3 months - i feel so flakey  
feelings in leaving a cult



 bigoted 
      terms and phrases mormons use  
      mormon sense of superiority





 exposing mormon apostle dallin oaks regarding 
      the nauvoo expositor destruction  
      excellent and long summary with documentation




     making sense of the new lds policy against children of 
    same sex couples (pdf)  examples of 
    how this discriminates against innocent children




     mormon weddings
(pdf)  loved ones excluded from mormon 
    weddings in the temple



    
   
     cut off the head of a drunk person and become a man 
    (book of mormon)



    
   
     mountain meadows massacre the mormon smear
  (oldie with many links)



    
   
     tracking joe smith's offspring from affairs with other women



    
   
     dear 
    mormon mom and dad



    
   
     from the sister of a sister mormon missionary who died in the field



    
   
     missionaries told to commit one person a day to baptism



    
   
     mormon apostle ballard takes direct aim at catholics



    
   
     mormon charity in australia



    
   
     mormons worship and defend a baby killer - book of mormon



    
   
     joseph smith the founding sex fiend of mormonism (5 exhibits)



    
   
     the 
    temple is all about polygamy



    
   
     are 
    most mormons "passive-aggressive"?



    
   
     "a 
    word of advice to all new female missionaries"  
    excellent advice



    
   
     had 
    tithing settlement today - my kids were threatened with being burned



    
   
     shocked 
    at oct. 2014 general conference


 nearly 
    every single talk was on staying in the church



    
   
     paul h. dunn - 
    updated information 2014



    
   
     missions 
    -- the best two years? seriously?



    
   
     not 
    sure how to respond... wife wants to attend christian church



    
   
     living 
    an authentic life



    
   
     the 
    most striking thing about all the new essays...   the 
    new lds.org essays have no authors or dates.    the 
    first vision essay is dishonest book 
    of abraham essay unleashed



    
   
     the 
    signs of the times how mormonism has changed in the past 
    40 years



    
   
     powerful 
    story on how the mormon church breaks up families  a 
    bishop writes about leaving mormonism and his family disowning him.



    
   
     i 
    sometimes read rfm posters who worry about *our cause.*



    
   
     uk 
    tv program "meet the mormons" just finished . not good for mormon church 
    propaganda



    
   
     why 
    i lost my testimony   benson



    
   
     your 
    servant's review of miracle of forgiveness humor



    
   
     exit 
    timetable



    
   
     the 
    devil made me restore it: joseph smith, the magic talisman man 



    
   
     how 
    young women are selected for the temple square mission



    
   
     when 
    did you really start questioning?



    
   
     so 
    many missionaries coming home early



    
   
     called 
    to see the bishop - learn to say no



    
   
     expert 
    ex-mormon  dealing with family members



    
   
     mormon 
    church is conducting polls on its new essays



    
   
     harris 
    knew how to embarrass: his admission of not seeing the gold plates 
    benson



    
   
     the 
    book of mormon jesus! i found something that reached a mormon spouse.



    
   
     all 
    are welcome on rfm. just curious though, what draws never-mo's here?



    
   
     joseph 
    smith and teenage girls using lds sources



    
   
     help! 
    my tbm [mormon] bro sent me the latest essay



the second anointing.  a personal experience.  
a look into the inside of one of the secrets of the mormon church.    

mormon508



    
   
     oh. 
    i get it now . . . you don't get your own planet . . .



    
   
     trying 
    to save my family with logic.



    
   
     stake 
    conference: don't even look at anything that makes you doubt.



    
   
     first 
    reaction going through the mormon temple?



    
   
     ga 
    steven snow admits mormon church has hidden facts but has been outted by 
    internet



    
   
     new 
    essay: book of mormon and dna studies



    
   
     were 
    you an active mormon the first time you visited rfm?



    
   
     pressured 
    to go on mission



    
   
     trying 
    to leave the church



    
   
     my 
    mormon in-laws have no retirement and the second coming hasn't happened



    
   
     give 
    me your experience with d&c 9:8



    
   
     just 
    found out the truth.



    
   
     more 
    sourced info on church essays, same-sex marriage and lds inc. finances -
    benson



    
   
     "the 
    truth does not matter to mormons" 



    
   
     world's 
    most boring church



    
   
     what's your 
    best advice for dealing with mormon shunning? (when a 
    person is shunned by mormons for leaving the organization)



    
   
     authorship 
    of the mormon church's anonymous essays  (reference 
    the new anonymously written lds.org/topics)



    
   
     mormon 
    church explains past ban on black priests (ap news story) 



    
   
     blacks 
    & cadillacs: racist lds history that the lds church seeks to hide 



    
   
     i'm 
    confused. was the ban on blacks god's will?



    
   
     the 
    church not only threw brigham young under the bus but older members 



    
   
     evidence 
    from the top: joseph smith was behind the lds priesthood ban 



    
   
     if 
    mormons think the lds church has long opposed racism, they're wrong ... 



    
   
     whew! 
    less valiant daughter is now valiant! 



    
   
     the 
    mormon church's essay on blacks and the priesthood is dishonest



    
   
     the 
    "god's-prophets-are-imperfect-humans" line won't save the mo god 



    
   
     what 
    mormon missions used to be like - a century ago



    
   
     why 
    do we still write about the mormon church even after leaving it?



    
   
     mormon 
    japan mission experiences

  1994-1996 kobe japan



    
   
     hey. i think 
    i am finally recovered. started as a mormon troll and then left the 
    church. 



    
   
     a 
    mountain of lies: those treasure-laden caves under the hill cumorah



    
   
     lamanites 
    everywhere but nary a drop of jewish dna  book of mormon and dna - 
    benson



    
   
     missionary 
    letter made my daughter cry  she discovered she is just a 
    "project".



    
   
     got 
    the "i'm disappointed in you" message from my mom



    
   
     my 
    home does not have the spirit according to a mormon



    
   
     funeral 
    and anger -mormons verbally attack an ex-mormon at a funeral



    
   
     is 
    there any aspect of a mormon's life that is not micro-managed



    
   
     being 
    asked to lie by the stake presidency



    
   
     mormon 
    apostles explain away the contradictory versions of the first vision



    
   
     outting 
    the mormon cult on its "strengthening the members committee"-



    
   
     socal 
    bishop leaves mormon church  



    
   
     david 
    o. mckay's faith-promoting volcano tale



    
   
     my 
    week so far as an active mormon  good summary of life as a mormon



    
   
     did 
    any of you ever stress out getting ready on a sunday morning?



    
   
     push-back 
    in africa



    
   
     providing 
    cover on joe's lovers: emma was a money-minded co-conspirator...  
    benson



    
   
     1st 
    bitter experience with family finding out



    
   
     elder 
    oaks spoke in atlanta today



    
   
     farms 
    rushed to defend the white salamander  mormon apologetics



    
   
     so 
    when do members hear the official head in hat with seer stones lesson?



    
   
     anyone 
    else angry that their parents put the church before their families?



    
   
     a 
    question to long time ex-mormons - fear of leaving



    
   
     helpful 
    links on mormonism wives of joseph smith and many other links



    
   
     did 
    joseph smith produce children in polygamous relationships benson



    
   
     too 
    busy serving god to help family



    
   
     believed 
    in mormonism for 85 years



    
   
     my 
    weekly moment of humiliation



    
   
     hinckley's 
    record as a prophet



    
   
     poor 
    = unworthy



    
   
     your 
    money or your eternal life!



    
   
     analysis 
    of latest lds church financial data filed w/ canada's tax agency.



    
   
     i 
    used tithing to pay off the house



    
   
     email 
    exchange with bishop regarding masturbation



    
   
     disappearing 
    generation of lamanites  recent dna research



    
   
     currently 
    serving missionary, want out!!



 are 
    you happier since you've left the mormon church?



    
   
     more 
    nail-pounding into the mormon church's "lamanite dna" coffin 



    
   
     today 
    is my first birthday as an exmo!



    
   
     what 
    to believe in now?



 constantly 
    adrift official mormon church doctrine on god ...



    
   
     apostle 
    holland example on personal revelation



    
   
     turns 
    out advanced ancient civilizations leave a lot of stuff behind



    
   
     does 
    the anger ever end?



    
   
     i 
    was raised to be racist



    
   
     the 
    church is not a social club.



    
   
     did 
    mormonism make you feel "never good enough?"



    
   
     dear 
    parents, i am not responsible for your feelings




     mormon mission to japan - steve benson  

    an excellent summary of a mormon missionary experience in japan,






     why a never-mo hangs out here   

    why people who were never a mormon visit here.





 a 
    loving tribute to flattop/xyz  a 
    long time contributor to recovery from mormonism.




 mormon missionary murdered by his companion 
    story of how a mormon missionary in kentucky 1977, murdered 
    his companion and avoided prison.  personal accounts.



    
     mormon 
    life - short courtships 



    
     what 
    was the worst part about your mission? 



    
     mormon 
    cosmology    scientology has xenu.  
    mormonism has elohim living near kolob



    
     mormon 
    missionary companions part 1



    
     mormon 
    missionary companions part 2



    
     mormon 
    missionary companions part 3



 why did joseph smith marry women who were already married to  mormon men?  
joseph smith practiced polyandry.  the men were sent on 
    missions and he married their wives during their absence.



     is 
    primary always manipulative? 




     ruby 
    jessop has escaped the flds 





 two sister missionaries in my mission were raped 







     inspiring new video gives the secret to strengthening testimonies 





 the cult robbed me of my grief. 




     my mission in hell - suffer from tourettes



 my 
    sister's mission president's neglect could have killed her. 


 taking 
    the first few steps. 


 my 
    ten years on rfm 


 france 
    and polygamous missionaries 


 what 
    exactly did you find out or discover first to make you leave the  
    church? 


 teaching 
    to manipulate - straight from the lds manual 


 i 
    have been trying to be so brave. but i am terrified. 


 why 
    is it so hard to "deprogram", trying to understand. 


 mormon 
    beliefs that did the most damage to me. 


 



emotions experienced when first comprehending 
that mormonism is not what it claims to be.  

shock, horror, relief, excitement? 
nov. 2012

recent dna testing from soil samples gives 
further evidence that the book of mormon is just 19th century frontier fiction.  

horses 
in america  sep. 2012

an excellent letter and summary of book of mormon  issues written to 
apostle jeffery holland  (may. 2012)   



holland - book of mormon   
not a single book of mormon issue was addressed 
by apostle holland in his reply.here is holland's reply 
(may. 2012)   


reply from elder holland 


a father writes about being excluded from his son's wedding 6 years ago because he, the 
father, was an unbeliever.  

my son apologized for mormon temple wedding! 
  

admittedly, not all mormons are as extreme as these in this story, 
however their arrogance and feelings of superiority are quite common. 
(may 2012)  

mormon relatives visited for a week


a life of sacrifice for the mormon church. 
      
a very sad sacrament meeting story 


a non-mormon mother writes about her and her children's experience living in 
utah.  life in utah is often difficult for non-mormons with young 
children. 

mormon640

rare is that person who will say, "i’ll admit i was wrong all those years 
and i’ll face the consequences of those that will scorn, shun and ridicule me”. 

mormon636

why mormons believe in big foot.  
mormon637


more on the mormon ad campaign.    
mormon650



book of mormon and recent 
(aug. 2010) dna studies.  
 
mormon601

strange new advertising claiming mormons are normal. 
 what happened to, "we are a peculiar people?"  
mormon629   


mormon church in africa.  
 
mormon624

the mormon church is growing its internet presence by using hundreds of 
web sites and millions of dollars in google advertising.  

mormon625


a family church?  sons and daughters of bishops give 
their perspective.  
 
mormon618

amelia's palace - the mansion built for brigham young's favorite wife. 

 
mormon610

kevin garn - a pedophile, a bishop and the majority leader in the utah legislature.  mormon605

mormonism creates severe hardship for many members.  
 
mormon604
stick to the manual and stop thinking. mormons instructed to 
not use outside sources, especially the internet, when teaching from the lesson 
manuals.  

mormon598 (jan. 2010)  pay 
no attention to the man behind the curtain.  (mormontimes 
magazine)

mormon599
ward council meetings are filled with gossip. 


 mormon612
what shocks mormons and non-mormons as they learn about mormonism. 

mormon505
a concise summary of life as a mormon. 

mormon558
more on the mormon temple rituals as seen on these videos. 
mormon533
the mormon church in its official church magazine, "the 
ensign", uses a story of a struggling single mother of 6 as an example of paying tithing.  
the mother would rather have her children homeless and hungry than to neglect 
paying tithing.  blind obedience or mindless irresponsibility?  
mormon583
a family church?  
a non-mormon mother writes about being excluded from the mormon temple wedding 
of her convert daughter.  mormon503     
also, women discuss their temple weddings.  

mormon507   excluded from brother's temple wedding. 

mormon541
newly discovering the facts on
mormonism?  feelings and
depression.  mormon457
mormon belief interferes with rational decision making.  a
concise summary of the dangers of believing in mormonism and in magical
thinking.  


mormon439
racist teachings.  missionaries and blacks - brazil 1970.  


mormon480
should joseph smith be judged by
present-day standards?  smith
and polygamy.  mormon451
polygamy, big love and joseph
smith:  
mormon polygamy
dna and the book of mormon.  read the
article in the usa today. 

the story that dr. simon southerton submitted to us as to why he left mormonism
due to dna evidence is at whyleft125.htm.  
 also,
an interesting discussion on mormon apologetics and dna is at  mormon391.  
the second anointing.  a personal experience.  
a look into the inside of one of the secrets of the mormon church.    

mormon508
byu students commanded to have children now.  do not wait:  
mormon390
mormon church changed the temple ceremony again in jan 2005. 
mormon386
is farms, the mormon funded apologetic
group, credible?  
  read the discussion on peer
review: mormon333  
   summary on mormon apologetics:  mormon441 
   tactics of mormon apologists:  mormon376
child molesters expose the fallacy of church callings.  mormon384
 
 
 

apr. 2021  mormon church sends out an extensive survey of its members.  interesting to read the questions asked.  

mormon church membership survey 2021
feb. 2018  in 2015, lds apostle jeffrey r. holland predicted 100,000 mormon missionaries by 2019.  as of feb. 2018, the number of mormon missionaries has dropped down to 68,000.  

mormon church closing 19 missions
dec. 2017  zero growth in new congregations in the united states. as of late december 2017, the mormon church in the united states reported no net change for the number of congregations for the entire year (184 new wards/branches organized, 184 wards/ branches discontinued).

mormon church congregation growth now stagnant
april 2017  the mormon church growth rate is at a new low level. 

mormon church admits growth significantly slowing worldwide
jul. 2016  the mormon church now admits the book of mormon is not 
entirely historical.  the comment by apostle nelson states 'some history is 
found within its pages.'  he does not clarify where such history may be 
found in the book.  

mormon church admits the book of mormon is not historical   [admin 
note: there is no evidence of any actual history in the book of mormon.]apr. 2016  the mormon church general authority l. whitney clayton 
tells byu graduates to disconnect from ex-mormons and avoid relationships with 
"exes".   the logical conclusion given to these recent graduates is to 
disconnect from mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, and other relatives and 
friends who no longer believe in mormonism.  this is a term 'disconnect' 
commonly used in scientology. 
      
byu 
grads warned about ex-mormonsfeb. 2016  the mormon church is now admitting the leaders do make 
mistakes.  they do not, however, disclose what those mistakes have been.  
this is 

disingenuous. 


mormon leaders have made mistakesnov. 2015  the mormon church, in its secretive handbook of 
instructions to leaders, now overtly discriminates against children of gay 
couples. 
      

making sense of the new lds policy against children of 
same sex couples   this type of discrimination is 
also demonstrated in excluding "unworthy" parents or loved ones from attending 
mormon weddings if they have not paid 10% of their annual income to the mormon 
church. 
      

mormon weddingsoct. 2015  missionaries often fail to report medical 
issues as they do not want to exhibit they are lacking in faith.  we do not want any more young men and women to suffer life 
long illnesses, due to their missions, when they could of been prevented. 

from the sister of a female mormon missionary who died in the fieldjul. 2015  

mormon church is building a massive housing development in 
florida  the mormon church is primarily a real estate 
holding company. 
sourcing the propaganda: how the mormon church's evasive essays came to be
joseph smith - polygamy 
and young women 
 smith's 
appetite for young women now officially recognized by the mormon church in one 
of its essays on lds.org.  
fanny alger -    
age 16  (kirkland ohio - 1833-1836)
  (the article states that fanny and smith later separated. 
)
zina d. hunington -  age 19nancy rigdon - age 19 sarah ann whitney - 
age 16  emily dow partridge - age 19  flora ann woodworth - age 16  
helen mar kimball - age 14   (j. smith - age 37- nauvoo il.)
and many more including the wives of men he sent on missions.  only brief and 
vague information on smith's polygamy is mentioned  in official teaching manuals.  mormons 
were lead to believe these were 'sealings' only. mormons have been 
intentionally kept in the dark by their leadership omitting important aspects of 
smith's life.may 2014  
the 
missionary surge is officially a bust... 
 44% 
more missionaries, 4% more conversions.  many returning home early.mar. 14, 2014 monson england court case - 1st day - observer 
transcript.  interesting comments from the attorneys defending the mormon 
corporation. 

monson case british court case - 1st day  

mar. 2014  anonymous essays are now defining mormon doctrine and 
history. mormon church, "if you do not like the current version of doctrine or 
history, we will rewrite it for you".  see current polling method used by 
the mormon church.  
mormon 
church is polling on its new essaysfeb. 2014 charges of fraud against the mormon church in england.  
book of abraham, book of mormon, tithing required to gain salvation/enter the 
temple etc.  complaint based on british law that prohibits false 
representations made to secure a profit.  feb. 7, 2014 statement on the 
summons: 

joint statement details of criminal fraud case against mormon and co 
provided by tom phillips (pdf): 

details of criminal fraud case - feb. 2014


"district judge elizabeth roscoe, who signed the summonses, accuses mr. monson 
of 'dishonestly' making a gain for himself or another' by asking two men to pay 
tithes on the basis of 'untrue or misleading' representations." 


(emphasis added)
dec. 2013 authorship of the mormon church's anonymous 
essays on blacks, polygamy, etc. - by steve benson

 "i 
have had a recent, long, direct and informative discussion with a well-placed 
and highly-credible mormon church source, which focused on the question of who, 
specifically, authored the historically-revisionistic essays that the mormon 
church has now placed on its official website. just let me say that these essays 
were not written by members of the quorum of the twelve or the first presidency." 


authorship of the mormon church's anonymous essays 
dec. 2013 mormon church throws brigham young under the bus for his racist 
teachings.  these same teachings were "official" until 1978.  
updated at the lds.org/topics website.  

mormon church explains past ban on blacks  related topics:  
god's 
will? ,

god's-prophets-are-imperfect


"in 1949 the first presidency reaffirmed the church's position: 'the attitude of 
the church with reference to the negroes remains as it has always stood. 

it is not a matter of the declaration of a policy but of direct commandment from 
the lord, 
on which is founded the doctrine of the church from the days of its 
organization, to the effect that negroes may become members of the church but 
that they are not entitled to the priesthood at the present time" 

official declaration - first presidency 

(byu.edu)
oct. 2013  yet another sex abuse law suit against the mormon church. 


church 
leaders are accused of covering up allegations that the son of local church 
officials sexually abused 12 children over the course of more than five years.  
the 
suit alleges that the church, through its leaders, has tried to intimidate the 
families of the children suing the church and has allegedly directed fellow 
church members to try to convince them to abandon their claims "lest they run 
afoul of church teachings regarding forgiveness.   

martinsburg lawsuit
july 2013  new york times reports on a failed attempt by mormon 
authorities to answer serious questions about the mormon church from swedish 
members. these members were troubled as a result of learning the real history of 
the mormon church on the internet, versus the content in the whitewashed official 
manuals. 
the 
internet is destroying mormonism
june 2013  mormon missionaries to work out of local church 
buildings to proselytize on the internet and to give tours of the local church 
(ward).  they (and local members) have been pushed to reactivate those who 
no longer attend.  non-mormon parents should be aware that mormon 
missionaries will attempt to convert your children through social media. 

june 23 2013 - world-wide leadership broadcast  and 

called to be a chapel missionary
feb. 2013 mormon church income annually through tithing is estimated 
at 7 billion dollars. 

$7 billion in tithing
jan. 2013 mormon general authorities have a very comfortable life on the 
backs of tithe paying members.  
    

    how mormon general authorities are paid   they can afford to 
shop at the mormon church's 2 billion dollar 
city creek mall.  
dec. 2012  the new mormon website - mormonsandgays.  "we 
believe that with an eternal perspective, a person's attraction to the same sex 
can be addressed and borne as a mortal test. it should not be viewed as a 
permanent condition". 

did anything really change?
dec. 2012  if paying tithing means that you can't pay for water or electricity, pay tithing. if paying tithing means that you 
can't pay your rent, pay tithing. even if paying tithing means that you don't have enough money 
to feed your family, pay tithing.

ensign dec. 2012  [mormon church official magazine]
nov. 2012  the long term effects of polygamy.  

the genetic catastrophe that has sprung from polygamy
sep. 22, 2012  twede excommunication scheduled due to his writing 
of factual history of the mormon church and criticism of romney.  

new york times weighs in
sep. 11, 1857  mountain meadows massacre -120 members  of 
the francher party traveling through utah executed by mormons.  

mountain meadows
july 2012  a recently published in free inquiry 
estimates that the mormon church donates only about 0.7 percent of its annual 
income to charity; the united methodist church gives about 29 percent. 

charity
july 2012  mormon church claims 4 times as many members in brazil 
than the 2010 brazilian census data.  both the jw's and seventh day 
adventist's membership claims are consistent with census data.  this is 
another example of inflated mormon membership statistics.  

brazil
aug. 2012 update.  the mormon church's city creek center 
shopping mall and condo development is at 3 billion dollars (or more) per salt 
lake chamber's can-do coalition.  
the entire redevelopment of downtown slc is:  

five billion dollars    an organization that spends  more on real 
estate to develop malls, condos and resorts ($500 million in hawaii alone) than on helping the poor is, by any definition, a 
corporation, not a religion.     the published figures range from $1.5 billion for 
the mall to $3 billion.  $5 billion is for the total development 
downtown.  the mormon 
church does not open its books.  we have published figures from ksl and 
deseret news - both mormon owned.   thomas s. monson, the mormon 
prophet at the opening cheered, 'one, two, three—let's go shopping!'. he 
has rarely spoken in public since.   

mormon mall city creek profits are tax free  
may 2012  the mormon church falsifies us membership data 
for a national survey.  

church statistics
mar. 2012  a little background on mitt romney.  

mitt romney's mormon secrets
feb 2012  the mormon church has continued to 
baptize holocaust jews. 

baptisms for the dead
feb 2012  the mormon church has become even more intrusive 
by requiring members to wear their sacred long underwear [garments] even while 
doing yard work.   

garments
jan 2012  the mormon church's humanitarian aid now amounts to 
$6.73 per member per year - from an official mormon publication.   
humanitarian aid
jan 2012  another mormon run ponzi scheme defrauds fellow 
mormons.  
another ponzi
june 2011  more pressure to pay tithing, yet the mormon church 
never discloses its finances.  
mormon647
mormon church to spend more than $3.0 billion on a shopping mall in slc.   three 
years ago the cost was $2.0 billion.  more money is being spent on this mall and related development than given in 
total charitable aid in the last 30 years!  is this a church 
or a corporation?  donations to the mormon church are not helping 
the poor.  updates:  
$38 million to divert city creek to flow through the mall plus treat the water. 
a comparison to other large building projects.   
  mormon403   parts
a,
b,
c.
d. and
e.
may. 2011  yet another mormon run ponzi scheme defrauds fellow 
mormons.  
mormon645
feb. 2011  multi-level marketing companies are second only to 
tourism in bringing in revenue to utah.  
mormon639
jan. 2011  the mormon idea of service is to clean the bathrooms 
of a multi-billion dollar corporation.  
mormon634   
oct. 2010  apostle boyd k. packer's talk on homosexuality is 
edited after it is given in conference due to public outcry.  
mormon632   
aug. 2010  r. dean udy, lds church regional representative, in 
prison for running a ponzi scheme bilking fellow mormons of over $20 million.  
affinity fraud is rampant in utah and in the mormon culture. 
mormon631   
aug. 2010  deseret news is being downsized.  yet more evidence of 
current financial problems.  a new $15 million dollar building was erected 
for them just a few years ago. 
 
mormon630   
aug. 2010  condo prices slashed 50% at mormon church owned city 
creek.   
mormon403e
jun. 2010  mormon church eliminating more paid custodians.  it 
appears it is experiencing a cash crunch in financing the city creek 
multi-billion dollar mall project.   members are now expected to 
do more of the cleaning of meeting houses, temples and other church properties. 
 
mormon615
dec. 2009  mormon church to spend over $100 million
(estimate) on a hotel/resort complex in hawaii.  
mormon595 
oct. 2009  apostle dallin oaks lacks the moral authority to 
lecture anyone on civil rights.  
mormon591 
oct. 2009  apostle holland misleads members with his book of 
mormon prop and his assertions.  
mormon587 
aug. 2009  the mormon church appears to be abandoning the 
book of abraham, a supposed translation by joseph smith from some common 
egyptian funeral papyri.  

mormon586  
jun. 2009  mormon church has spent nearly $600 million to bail 
out beneficial life via deseret management over the last 2 years.  the 
mormon church can find hundreds of millions to fund failing institutions, yet it 
is unwilling to help average members.  
mormon581
apr. 2009  dallin oaks, mormon apostle, tells members at the 
easter midwest conference, via satellite broadcast, that the church will not 
help them during these difficult economic times.    

mormon576.   members who paid tithing all of their lives will 
find that the church will refuse to assist or, at best, grant minimal assistance 
with heavy guilt placed on the member for asking.  
mar. 2009  discussions on the hbo series big love and on the 
mormon temple ceremony.  
mormon572.    see 
also the 
bulletin boards for up to date 
information.
feb. 2009  the mormon church receives more than 5-8 billion 
dollars per year in tithing alone from us wards [congregations] based the on 
experiences of ward clerks and gives less than 1.3% in charitable aid.  
mormon565
jan. 2009  the mormon church initiates a hiring freeze and 
continues to work on the 2 billion dollar mall in slc. 
freeze
dec. 2008  the mormon church being investigated for its involvement 
in california's proposition 8.   

mormon559
sep. 2008  a mormon high priest has been threatened with 
excommunication for writing against an anti-gay amendment in california. 


tv story neb.  and 

tv story slc  also follow the discussions on the bulletin board. 

recovery bb   public opinion has forced the church to delay the 
court date to after the nov. election.  see
court delayed
sep. 2008 (updated) mormon apologists now fighting other mormon apologists over 
the alleged locations of the book of mormon events. 

mormon534
july 2008  a mormon man  was excommunicated for his calendar 
of shirtless male mormon missionaries.  the marriott corporation and its 
mormon owners are one of the largest purveyors of hard core pornography in the 
us.  the marriotts have never been reprimanded.  instead, they are 
held in high esteem by the mormon hierarchy due to the large amount of tithing 
they pay.  to read about the excommunication of hardy, see:  

mormon539     
june 2008  depression wide spread in utah.  

abcnews story
mormon church to spend more than $2.0 billion on shopping malls in slc.  
more money is being spent on these malls than given in total charitable aid in 
the last 22 years!  is this a church 
or a corporation?  donations to the mormon church are not helping 
the poor.   mormon403
may 2008  mormon church attempts to gag the internet regarding 
posting the "handbook of instructions".   

mormon528
apr. 2008  joseph smith and warren jeffs: two peas in the same 
polygamous pod.   

mormon526   &  mormon polygamy  

mormon527
apr. 2008 - mormon prophet wants former members to return.  
comments from former members.   

mormon524
mar. 2008 - utah is the state with the highest rate of depression.   

mormon521
dec. 
2007 – mitt romney has a casual relationship with truth     

mormon502
dec. 
2007 – utah now leads the nation in depression.    

mormon499
nov. 2007 – 
book of mormon change:  lamanites are no 
longer the principal ancestors of the american indians.   

mormon492
a missionary’s food and personal hygiene budget slashed to $4 
per day in the usa.   
mormon477
general conference
highlights.  wives are
possessions.  mormon468   parable of the pickle.
 mormon471
la times: the book of mormon and
dna:  
book
of mormon and dna  discussions
on dna: 

mormon440
utah leads the nation in
bankruptcy filings again.  
  mormon356
newsweek publishes an article for the mormon church
by a byu graduate.  the
author at least admits that joseph smith used a seer stone in a hat for
‘translation’, which is quite different from the official church
teachings.  she also admits that
smith was a polygamist.

mormon433
limits of free speech in
mormonism.  a byu philosophy
professor fired for writing his opinion.
 mormon449









a
  web site for former mormons and those questioning their faith in the
  organization of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints
 












the purpose 
    of this site is to let people who are or were in mormonism, know they are 
    not alone in their feelings and experiences in their quests to regain their 
    lives after years in this religion.  we have e-mail groups to join, 
    bulletin boards, gatherings and individuals to help with a transition to a 
    post-mormon life.  we advocate no specific religious preference or 
    religious activities after mormonism.     our active 
    participants are diverse and from differing cultural backgrounds throughout 
    the world.  




 






a mormon odyssey   a free full length 
book about a lifetime of mormonism is now 
online.    it also can be ordered from the publisher.  a 
great book about life as mormons written by larry and tammy braithwaite.   
autographed copies now available. 
book of abraham documentary see 
http://www.bookofabraham.info for
details. 
continuously updated new material to read at the 
bulletin boards or
short topics 
or 
 

  newest archives










this site contains a significant collection of
stories of those who have left the mormon church. 
the site also contains documentation and links on topics concerning this
religion.
this site was 
originally founded in november 1995. 

search
| 
stories  |
bulletin boards 










no one is paid to run the site or admin the bulletin boards.  we do pay for 
site fees, isp help, and upgrades.

 
 



 









