     chevrolet & gmc dealership | car dealer in medford, or | airport chevrolet gmc                             


                                                     airport chevrolet gmc              541-622-2006              3001 biddle rdmedford, or 97504                                   service        map        contact                           airport chevrolet gmc                    call 541-622-2006   directions                      new   search inventory   buy chevrolet online   2025 chevy models   2025 gmc models   electric vehicles    search trucks   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   cadillac inventory   gmc hummer e bike   2024 chevrolet blazer ev   2025 chevrolet trailblazer   2024 chevrolet equinox ev   2024 chevrolet silverado ev     pre-owned   search inventory   vehicles under 25k   certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   carfax 1 owner   quick quote   find my car   value your trade     specials   new specials   used specials   service & parts specials   chevrolet special offers     service & parts   schedule service   service department   service & parts specials   order parts   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   service faq's   gm accessories   tire finder     finance   get pre-approved   finance department   payment calculator   chevrolet protection     about   contact us   hours & directions   our dealership   community partners   reviews   leave us a review   our blog   careers   career technician   onstar assistance	   gm rewards   chevy accessibility     research   2024 model research   ev faqs   chevy gmc ev incentives medford    ev myths   competitive comparison tool                      home   new   search inventory   buy chevrolet online   2025 chevy models   2025 gmc models   electric vehicles    search trucks   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   cadillac inventory   gmc hummer e bike   2024 chevrolet blazer ev   2025 chevrolet trailblazer   2024 chevrolet equinox ev   2024 chevrolet silverado ev     pre-owned   search inventory   vehicles under 25k   certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   carfax 1 owner   quick quote   find my car   value your trade     specials   new specials   used specials   service & parts specials   chevrolet special offers     service & parts   schedule service   service department   service & parts specials   order parts   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   service faq's   gm accessories   tire finder     finance   get pre-approved   finance department   payment calculator   chevrolet protection     about   contact us   hours & directions   our dealership   community partners   reviews   leave us a review   our blog   careers   career technician   onstar assistance	   gm rewards   chevy accessibility     research   2024 model research   ev faqs   chevy gmc ev incentives medford    ev myths   competitive comparison tool               









inventory search
     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         





      important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                                                                                            







special offers
view specials










schedule service schedule now
































×



excludes 1sv model. not available with special finance and some other offers. take new retail delivery by 1/4/21. at participating dealers only. dealership availability and hours of operation are subject to change in accordance with all federal and local laws and restrictions.









×



excludes 2020/2021 acadia, terrain and canyon sl models and 2021 yukon models. not available with special finance and some other offers. take new retail delivery by 1/4/21. at participating dealers only. dealership availability and hours of operation are subject to change in accordance with all federal and local laws and restrictions.




      search new inventory     search used inventory        
         view our lineup    chevrolet  |  gmc          colorado      silverado 1500      silverado 2500hd      silverado 3500hd      trax      equinox      trailblazer      blazer      traverse      tahoe      suburban      malibu      camaro      corvette      express           canyon      sierra 1500      sierra hd      terrain      acadia      yukon      savana passenger      savana cargo      savana cutaway       







chevy trucks
featuring high-strength steel, fully boxed frames and innovative cargo beds, they're the family of the most-dependable, longest-lasting full-size pickups on the road. choose the truck that best meets your needs.


new trucks


used trucks




     

the best offer awaits you
want to know why airport chevrolet gmc is the best dealership to shop for a new or used car, 
truck or suv? we have amazing teams from the sales, finance and service departments that will treat you with respect, care and ensure they address each of your car needs. we proudly serve medford, or and surrounding cities like central point, eagle point, grants pass and ashland.





get behind the wheel
when you shop at our medford, or dealership, our sales team will make sure that you have a good experience while looking for your next car. whether it’s a new or used car you are looking for, we will find the right vehicle that best fits your needs and budget. we can’t wait to get you behind the wheel and see you drive off our car lot!
schedule test drive





get the best appraisal
when getting the best appraisal for your current car, come to airport chevrolet gmc cadillac. we can get you the best trade-in value for your car, truck or suv. afterwards, we will help you find the latest new chevrolet or gmc car. additionally, we also have rebates and special offers that you can’t miss out on for extra savings!
value my trade



             


sales hours     monday 8:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 8:00am - 7:00pm     wednesday 8:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 7:00pm    friday 8:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 7:00pm    sunday 10:00am - 7:00pm    

     



follow us on social media


                       


     





















     

chevrolet and gmc dealership in medford, or

welcome to airport chevrolet gmc in beautiful medford, oregon, your premier destination for both new and pre-owned vehicles. as a trusted chevrolet and gmc dealership serving medford and the surrounding areas, we take pride in offering an extensive selection of top-quality vehicles to meet the diverse needs of our valued customers. we offer a great selection of chevrolet, gmc and cadillac vehicles to chooses from. our customers are like family, we will ensure your car buying experience is exceptional!





about us

airport chevrolet gmc cadillac was founded in 1990 and since then we continue to sell high-quality vehicles to our valued customers. we are an award-winning dealership that has earned the gm mark of excellence throughout the years. we have continued to provide excellent service to our customers in medford and surrounding cities like eugene , central point, grants pass, klamath falls and ashland, oregon. we take pride in offering a quality automotive shopping experience to all our customers. when you stop by our dealership, our friendly and experience staff member will be here ready to serve you!



community involvement
here at airport chevrolet gmc cadillac, we believe in supporting our local community. we support variety of charities and organizations, including the following:

access building community
american cancer society relay for life
children's miracle network hospitals
girl scouts
habitat for humanity
providence community health foundation
southern oregon head start
southern oregon renegades
sparrows clubs





new chevrolet and gmc vehicles in medford, or
for those seeking the latest in automotive innovation, our new vehicle inventory is the place to explore. discover an array of new chevy vehicles, including the chevrolet silverado, chevrolet traverse, and gmc sierra, among others. whether you prefer the rugged capability of a pickup truck or the versatility of an suv, our highest volume models are designed to cater to various lifestyles. whether you shop in person or browse our online inventory, you will be able to find the auto that best suits your lifestyle. here are some of our highest volume models of cars, trucks and suvs:

chevrolet silverado
chevrolet traverse

gmc sierra



pre-owned cars and trucks in oregon
if you're in the market for a quality pre-owned vehicle, we invite you to visit our medford dealership or browse our used inventory online. our dedicated team is here to assist you in finding the perfect vehicle that suits your needs and budget. come experience the difference at airport chevrolet gmc, your trusted source for exceptional automobiles in medford, oregon. we offer competitive pricing for all our vehicles, while also having several used car specials for our customers to take advantage of. 


auto financing
when it comes to auto financing the new or used car you are purchasing, our dealership has several financing options that best fit you and your budget. we understand that the financing step is the not-so-fun part when buying a car. at airport chevrolet gmc cadillac, we will make sure it’s quick and stress-free. take advantage of our online services that you can use from the comfort of your own home such as getting pre-approved for a car loan, getting a quote, using our online payment estimate calculator and getting a trade-value for your current car. if you have any questions, our experienced finance team is here to help!


certified service
if you need a car service or just need a repair, your vehicle is in good hands at our medford service center. though mechanics don’t require certifications, our team is well experienced and are both ase and gm factory certified. whether you need an oil change, replace your brake pads or just had a collision on the road, our service department is here to help. we also include a multi-point vehicle inspection with several of the services and repairs we offer. if you are working on your own car and just need auto parts, we can help you order any part you need. contact us today to schedule an appointment with our certified mechanics in medford, or. our team is trained to know every inch of your vehicle so we can get your car back to its former glory in no time! don’t forget to check out our service and parts specials to help you save some money.



    
although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. there may be instances where factory rebates, incentives, options or vehicle features may be listed incorrectly as we get data from multiple sources. this site and all information and materials appearing on it are presented to the user “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title or non-infringement. dealer cannot be held liable for data that is listed incorrectly. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable cat tax, privilege tax, license, title and registration fees, or $215 documentation processing fee and $35 electronic vehicle registration fee. not responsible for typographical errors. dealer exercises the right to add additional dealer markup to new general motors products. customers are advised to contact airport chevrolet gmc cadillac to confirm the accuracy of online vehicle pricing, vehicle equipment and features. by using this website and any of its functions, you’ve given implied consent for airport chevrolet gmc cadillac to correspond with you. correspondence can include but is not limited to, phone calls, text messages, emails, etc.
                  copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | airport chevrolet gmc | 3001 biddle rd, medford, or 97504 |  541-622-2006              























                     