















alternative cancer treatments : b17 & apricot seeds - cure for cancer



































































 

































menu











            home        
 



            cancer information        
 



            products information        
 



            how to get started        
 



            testimonials        
 



            f.a.q        
 



            books        
 








































natural cancer cure for cancer


what are big drug companies hiding?


 











cure for cancer information


free cancer video on this site!


 











cure cancer naturally


get the truth about cancer now!


 















why won’t big pharma ever tell you or your doctor the truth about cancer?


have you ever wondered why 100 years ago cancer was a rare disease, but not today? there are many kinds of cancer and it is estimated 1 out of 3 people will get cancer in their life!















get the “ultimate cancer cure video” online free and getthe “ultimate one page cancer report” and part 1 ofthe “miracle mineral book” with studies showing how effectiveit is against aids, cancer, malaria and a lotmore right now all free…!!!
as soon as you finish and click the submit button we will“instantly” forward you right to the information page!















cure for cancer
cancer questions and facts
is a headache the lack of aspirin in your diet?
is cancer caused by a lack of radiation or chemo in your body?
did you know a person with cancer has a lot of toxins in their body?
did you know radiation and chemo are very toxic poisons?
does it make sense to add a lot more toxins to an already toxic body?
 
did you know… in a 9 year period of the vietnam war there was a total of 627,000 accidental deaths accounting for both sides?  that is 69,000 accidental deaths per year with 2 or more armies trying to kill each other with guns, tanks, planes etc.


did you also know… that there are about 440,000 accidental deaths reported each year in the american hospitals?
if we divide 440,000 by the 69,000 you get 6.3 so…, you have 6.3 times more chance of dying in the u.s. hospitals, where you are supposed to get help, than of dying in a war with armies trying to kill each other… does this make sense?
how is this possible?  who is allowing this to continue and why?  what can you do about it?
these questions and many more are answered on this website.


 











all natural scientific cancer information
the cure for cancer is on this site!
learn about natural remedies for cancer
this is not just someone’s opinion about cancer, but facts that have been proven in scientific labs by doctors.
vitamin b17 was the subject of great controversy over 40 years ago when some of the world’s top scientists claimed that when consumed, the components of certain raw fruit seeds make it 100% impossible to develop cancer and will kill existing cancer in most cases.
the pharmaceutical companies were baffled by this claim and immediately demanded that fda studies be conducted. the results of these studies are found on this site and in a book called world without cancer by g. edward griffin. sign up for the free video above.
vitamin b17, is found in most fruit seeds, namely apricot seeds, a seed that was claimed to cure cancer over 50 years ago.
it was also suggested that when one eats about 7 to 10 apricot seeds per day they cannot develop cancer, just as one can never get scurvy if they have an orange every day, or pellagra if they take b vitamins every day.
there are alternative treatments for cancer
the pharmaceutical companies, together with the medical establishment, pushed the fda into banning (not making it illegal) to sell “raw” apricot seeds or vitamin b17 with information about its effects on cancer.  even to this day, you can’t get raw apricot seeds at the store, only the sun dried ones which have all the important enzymes killed off, but you can get them at raw food and vitamins and have them mailed to your home or office legally.











vitamin b17 found in raw bitter apricot seeds
pharmaceutical companies only conduct studies on patented chemicals they invent so that at the end of their study, if the drug gets approved, they have sole rights on its sale (they exponentially make back more than the mere millions they invested).
one thing pharmaceutical companies don’t do studies on is types of foods because food cannot be patented, therefore there is no profit.
the information on this site is not just for preventing cancer, it is for everyone: those that have cancer now and are on chemo or radiation, people who have cancer but haven’t started any conventional methods yet, and people who don’t have cancer.
most people that have cancer clusters in their body and eat the apricot seeds, or take the vitamin b17 in tablet form, show near to complete tumor regression.
cancer takes a hard toll on the body, this is an irrefutable fact. even after beating cancer most patient still suffer from severe organ damage.
don’t worry, herbs and remedies can help with proper organ regeneration. of course when a person’s body is completely eaten up by cancer, the raw apricot seeds and its extract  can only prolong their life more effectively than chemotherapy, yet it might not completely save them.
however, in many cases high levels of vitamin b17 injections (commonly called amygdalin or laetrile) will help a great deal with the pain.
whether you have breast cancer, colon cancer, melanoma, leukemia, lung cancer, lymphoma or prostrate cancer the effects of cancer are devastating. the effects of chemotherapy radiation (conventional medical treatment) occur months and years after treatment.  there’s alternative treatments for any type of cancer.
the information provided on this website will guide you to a cancer free life or help your body get rid of cancer if you have it.
























    cancer information







    product information







    how to get started







    where to buy products


















see what others say!





*disclaimer individual results may vary from person to person.





"i have noticed an increase in energy and i do not worry about the big c anymore..." i have been eating 6 seeds a day now for a few months, i am 59. i am a black belt in karate and i still compete in sparring contests i have noticed an increase in energy and i do not worry about the big c anymore. i like the taste of them! kenneth hitch nunn, co





 kenneth hitch
nunn, co 

"i was diagnosed with breast cancer a year and a half ago. i went through some chemo and radiation treatments. i began researching cancer and alternative treatments and found a website on apricot seeds and b17. i remember hearing about this being a possible cure for cancer many years ago, but had not heard any studies since then. i thank the lord that i found this site. i have been taking the apricot seeds ever since i found out about them. i started the standard meds about a year ago and recently stopped due to the toxic effects it has on the body. i continue to take the apricot seeds and so far all is well. i tell everyone i come in contact with who has had or has cancer about them. thank you, thank you for making them available to purchase and at reasonable prices! i will be taking them for the rest of my life. carol richards pittsburg, pa





 carol richards
pittsburg, pa 

“i have been taking b17 for over a year and to date no new cancer…” kenneth wanek appleton, wi





 kenneth wanek 
appleton, wi 

the evidence that i’ve discovered, and one of best cures is apricot seeds… “i just want to say that cancer is not the big bad wolf that the american medical association wants us to believe. it is very curable with what god gives us. the evidence that i’ve discovered and one of best cures is apricot seeds. i’ve done my little research and of all the testimonials that i’ve read is more than enough to convince me. i eat apricot seeds on a regular basis, and save the pits from apricots i buy in the store. i appreciate this company for bringing it to my attention, and i’m hoping that whoever hears about this great news will take some time out to do a little research to discover the truth about natural cures, like apricot seeds.” jeff ruetz glide, or





 jeff ruetz
glide, or 

*“after reading the information about vitamin 17, i thought i'd found the 'missing -link ' in my diet. i think i did… “these seeds are tough to enjoy because they taste so bitter but the comfort i get from realizing the 'preventative' benefit makes it all worth swallowing. i eat 5-7 seeds every morning while i walk the dog, as soon as i am done chewing i bite into an apple --this gives the whole process a happy ending, after a few years now i am finally getting used to the taste --- yesterday i had my third colonoscopy, (the first was in 2001 , then the second in 2004) and everything was ok! i am 53 and there is cancer (colon and liver) in my family, i ordered my first bag of seeds because i did have a few 'baby polyps' removed on my first colonoscopy -- i was only 48 then, a vegetarian for nearly 23 years! i was surprised because i was a 'veggie' and figured my diet couldn't be better, after reading the information about vitamin 17, i thought i'd found the 'missing -link ' in my diet. i think i did . i am happy with the results and i appreciate the peace of mind i have.” pala moon los angeles, ca





 pala moon
los angeles, ca 




    contact us











    copyright 2019.  1 cure 4 cancer.*disclaimer - individual results may vary from person to person.


















