








house cleaning, office cleaning, & junk removal services nj











































maximum cleaning services
professional junk removal and cleaning services




 



call us for a free estimate today! 908-206-0223  serving new jersey






home
what we do
house cleaning
office cleaning
junk removal

new jersey
before & after photos
what we take


payment
more

about
contact


   go to... homewhat we dohouse cleaningoffice cleaningjunk removal    new jersey    before & after photos    what we takepaymentmore    about    contact 






				we are a family based company offering maid services and commercial cleaning services since 1997.			

				offering home clean out, janitorial services and maid services.			

fully insured and bonded
delivering quality cleaning services at a price you can afford!
reliable and trustworthy professional specialists
the local cleaning company you can trust!



quick free estimate request
fill in your contact information below 
				and we will get back to you shortly. 


your name*your email

phone*city*type of service needed*type of service neededhouse cleaningoffice cleaningjunk removalmessagephonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  





















professional cleaning services offered 

				your best and most affordable choice for any cleaning service as well as junk removal!			






 
							maid / house cleaning services							 
 
							full-service residential cleaning							


maximum cleaning is a professional and reliable – as well as licensed, bonded, and insured –  cleaning service in new jersey.



 
							commercial cleaning service							 
 
							janitorial / office cleaning service							


having a clean, well-kept facility will enhance your corporate image and provide the best possible environment for your employees and customers.



 
							junk removal / all clean outs							 

							full-service junk removal							


whether it's a single item or multiple truck loads, we can clean out your garage or remove junk from any area of your house. 











at maximum cleaning, we operate based on that principal and in order to keep your organization at its best, we provide commercial cleaning services of the highest standards – all of which are coordinated by our local experts who understand your unique, location-based needs.maximum cleaning utilizes the latest cleaning technologies and products so that we can help you provide a clean, healthy environment for you and your employees – one that is done to your complete satisfaction. simply put, cleanliness is our #1 priority and it shows in our work, our people, and our commitment to delivering the best possible result to you every single time.whether you’re a large commercial space, office building, or an individual office, maximum cleaning can meet your cleaning needs. there’s no space too large or too small! call us today for a free estimate!




our goal is to exceed expectations when it comes to our clients’ cleaning needs.  having been in business all these years, it’s clear that we are doing something right! give us a call at (908) 206-0223 and try one of our professional services with a family touch.maximum cleaning guarantees complete satisfaction when we provide you with any of our services, including: nj house cleaning, nj office cleaning, garage clean out, basement clean out, or any junk removal service.your business is of the utmost importance to us and we want to make sure you are happy 100% of the time when we clean. if we didn’t clean something to your satisfaction, contact us and we will re-clean it for free.every service we provide is offered with a personal touch.  with over 20 years of experience in residential cleaning and commercial cleaning, you won’t find anyone who can match our price or results!










call us today for a free estimate! 
908-206-0223

















 











copyright ©
					2025 junk removal & cleaning services





junk removal & cleaning services in nj top rated affordable professional junk removal and cleaning for your residence or business in new jersey!
  4.8 out of 5 with 908 ratings 





find us on social media! 




























