


 allen's antique lighting 



































allen's antique lighting





selling absolutely the finest in antique lighting! 





www.antiquelight.com 





you are on the home page





phone: 978-688-6466





e-mail: info@antiquelight.com

















be sure to check out our antique lighting featured in
steven spielberg's film "lincoln" 




















































click on the type of antique lighting you 
would like to view!






















chandeliers 
(including some exterior pieces)


























wall brackets & sconces (including exterior pieces)



















exterior lanterns & sconces 



















table & newel post lamps

























floor 
lamps




























shades



























accessories
























our 
books


































welcome to our website of authentic antique lighting! 
circa 1830-1930. 
we are offering the finest and widest selection of antique lighting available from this period, including antique gas lights, early antique electric and antique kerosene lights, antique chandeliers, antique gaseliers and antique gasoliers (both acceptable spellings), antique transitional gas and electric light fixtures, antique floor lights and lamps, antique table lights and lamps, antique wall sconces, antique wall brackets, antique exterior period lighting, antique etched and antique art glass light shades including steuben, tiffany, quezal and various other period artists.
																			here at allen's antique lighting, cindy and chris allen specialize in delivering to you fully restored and complete pieces of various lighting fixtures for your home, whether it be a period abode, a new house or place of business.
																			the way we typically run a project is this: first you browse through our pictures of various lights in their unrestored state which you can find through the links to the left (we show less than 5% of our entire available inventory on the web), taking note the item numbers of the pieces that interested you. then you either
e-mail us at info@antiquelight.com
or give us a call at 1-978-688-6466
and let us know which ones you liked. then we (cindy usually handles this side of things) discuss what elements of those pieces appealed to you in order to find an additional variety of similar lights within our collection to take photos of and send back to you with prices. then you make a decision on which one(s) you want, give us some particulars on how you want it restored - e.g. which shades to put on, whether to conserve the original finish or changing the finish. we offer a wide range of finishes in addition to museum quality conservation. in general our goal is to make every light that we sell look like it was always cared for rather than making it look like it was made yesterday.
																			we don't show any prices on the web, this is intentional, we're not trying to be annoying. there are a few reasons why we do this. most important is that since we do only show less than 5% of our lighting on the web, there will be quite a range of value even within a particular style, and we wouldn't want you dismayed by a specific piece being more or less special than you expected. another reason is the price will depend partly on which shades you select. we sell mostly to the trade, designers and architects, many of our pieces get resold immediately, so we try to keep everyone's privacy in mind. everyone gets the same price at allen's antique lighting!
																			we are also selling our self published antique lighting book series in 3 volumes: antique lighting of the nineteenth century!


































































site map 































contact us about any of our antique lights click here to obtain our address, phone and e-mail.













about us and our antique lights click here to get a brief introduction of what we are all about!













antique lighting discussion room click here to learn about and view some interesting pieces.













attention dealers: discounted antique lighting items enter here to see unrestored bargains!












external links
















welcome to allen’s antique lighting, the largest and finest selection of antique lighting and antique lights on the web! we hope you will enjoy looking through our vast antique lighting inventory. each and every antique light, lamp or wall sconce you see has been hand chosen by us to offer absolutely the finest in antique lighting available today. every light you see is an authentic antique: none are reproductions.

																						most of our antique lights were made in america, circa 1840 to 1920. we also have a broad selection of english/british arts and crafts lighting, and some fantastic french and belgian art nouveau light fixtures. we carry a broad range of styles that include but are not limited to rococo (both floral and allegorical in form), renaissance revival, aesthetic movement, eastlake, gothic, exotica, moorish, anglo-japanesque, victorian, neoclassical, edwardian, art nouveau, bungalow, arts and crafts, mission, and even a bit of art deco and beaux arts.

																						we have a huge inventory of chandeliers and hanging fixtures, wall sconces and wall brackets, floor lamps (including organ lamps and piano lamps), and table and desk lamps (including figural gas portables and standards). we also carry rare and unusual forms such as newel post lamps, pendants for kitchen islands and hallways, billiard lights for game rooms, double-partner desk lamps and rolltop desk lamps, lights to illuminate your precious oil paintings, cigar lighters, gimbel lights from ships and railroad cars, and flushmount fixtures for those problematic low elevation locations. we offer massive multi-tiered chandeliers for ballrooms and entry foyers, medium-sized chandeliers and hanging fixtures for dining rooms and living rooms, and small chandeliers for bedrooms and baths. on our site, you will find gas lighting (gaseliers/gasoliers), early electric lighting and transitional or combination gas and electric lights. we also sell kerosene and oil lamps such as pull-down pendants, library lamps, student lamps, and organ and piano lamps. and we have a few museum-quality candle chandeliers and wall sconces as well.

																						the makers of our fine antique lighting include cornelius and baker, archer & warner, archer pancoast, mitchell vance, starr fellows hoffman, thackera, herter brothers, bradley and hubbard, moe bridges, moe brothers, handel, roycroft , stickley, caldwell, meriden , parker, vosburgh ,williamson, w.a.s. benson , liberty, sterling bronze, salem brothers, smith brothers, artistic brass and bronze works, and miller. our exterior lighting selection includes bronze, copper and wrought-iron hanging lights, sconces for your porch, and lanterns for every outdoor location. we even have post lights and lanterns for your porte cochere and loggia, and a museum-quality collection of asian exterior lanterns. we also offer a limited selection of decorative mirrors and tables to accent your home or office, tie backs for your draperies and textiles, and other fine accessories.

																						all of our fixtures are sold with period antique shades, not reproductions. we offer a wide variety of glass shades, which include deep etched, silver etched, painted, cased, and art glass shades and globes. the makers of the glass we offer include tiffany, steuben, quezal, loetz, lustre art, fostoria, emeralite, daum, welsbach, gleason, phoenix, cambridge, and belova. we also have pomona glass and glue ice chip and reverse painted, leaded and slag glass.

																						a note about how we do business: every light we sell is an authentic antique that comes with our guarantee of satisfaction. we are experts in the field of antique lighting devices, and we are proud of our reputation for integrity and quality that is unrivaled in our field based on well over 20 years of experience. we believe in complete customer satisfaction: we work with you on every detail including custom finishes, expert restoration, electrical fittings, and size adjustments. be assured that all of our lights are authentic antiques – many are rare and unique - that are excellent investments. don’t be misled by other offerings that claim to sell "antiques" when in fact they largely sell new reproductions with some old lights mixed in. we also offer lay-away and a trade-in policy: any light you buy from us can be exchanged in credit towards anything else in our inventory at any time. you can buy with confidence: we have been doing this since 1979.

																						come and browse… ask questions and be illuminated!!!!

























 
 
 
 
	
	

