










we're sorry, but oshacademy doesn't work properly without javascript enabled. please turn on javascript or install a browser that supports javascript.




oshacademy safety and health training | free access!





























































































 




oshacademy makes training easy!


help satisfy osha training requirements.
convenient online training at your own pace.
register and access course materials for free.
purchase a certificate upon completion.
business discounts available!










                                                            get started!
                                                        

                                                        register now
                                                    






                                                            view our
                                                        

                                                        programs
                                                    






                                                            view our
                                                        

                                                        courses
                                                    




























general industry
programs














em 385-1-1 (2024)
programs














construction
programs














oil & gas
programs














hazwoper
programs














healthcare
programs































. official certificates
once your training is finished, you can purchase certificates in pdf, print, or both formats as proof of your training.
with the purchase of a certificate package, you'll receive detailed exam scores, oshacademy official transcripts, certificates, and more!






. business solutions
unlock exclusive discounts and premium features with an oshacademy business account. 
sign up now to streamline your employee training today. 




                                                    request a
                                                

                                                business account
                                            








. veterans discount
at oshacademy, we honor us armed force members with an exclusive discount on our training!
it's our way of saying thank you for your service.

learn more












ku·dos
: praise or respect given









great programs and platform for learning. not having to pay until courses are completed and only if you want the certificates, is a fantastic bonus.
                                                    study now & pay later -perfect! i have signed up for other classes at other locations as well. work got in the way, and i paid for a course, but i could
                                                    not complete in the timeline provided. not with oshacademy.



karl k., united states january 2025






i found the program (132-hour occupational safety and health professional) to be very informative and
                                                    useful i am currently building a safety culture/program from scratch. i have applied much of the study to my everyday tasks. thank you, for the opportunity to
                                                    further my education and advance my knowledge and applicable skills to the manufacturing industry.  



steven h., united states april 2024






the online safety training was highly informative and engaging. the content was well-organized and easy to follow, with real-life scenarios that made
                                                    the lessons practical and applicable to the workplace. the interactive modules kept me engaged throughout the course, and i feel much more confident in my
                                                    ability to implement safety protocols effectively. overall, it was an excellent learning experience that has equipped me with valuable knowledge and skills!



allan c., united arab emiratesseptember 2024






oshacademy's commitment towards bringing veterans this training at a reduced cost is very significant.  i was able to directly apply some of learning to my organization
                                                    and learn new skills that will help improve our exisiting safety system.  as a veteran, thank you very much for what you do for us.



jonathan m., united statesjune 2024


















recommended training

108 personal protective equipment: basic
603 stairway and ladder safety
605 confined space safety
611 nail gun safety
710 energy control program (lockout/tagout)
40-hour hazwoper for general site workers







popular programs

132-hour osh professional
10-hour construction safety and health
30-hour construction safety and health
10-hour general industry safety and health
30-hour general industry safety and health
48-hour osh manager
40-hour em 385-1-1 (2024)

view all programs






popular courses

105 hazard communication: basic
107 emergency action and fire prevention plans
625 hipaa privacy training
656 bloodborne pathogens in the healthcare setting
755 bloodborne pathogens program management

view all courses
















as a columbia southern university learning partner,
                                        oshacademy students who complete and purchase a qualifying program
                                        can receive a 10% tuition discount and exclusive scholarship opportunities. read more...









oshacademy loves to hear how our training helps your business create a culture of safety.
                                    find out how oshacademy's training has helped other companies create an effective safety culture by visiting our business spotlight.










importance of knowing osha top violations
144 introduction to osha
student spotlight: karl kramer

volume 13 issue 2











register now and start training for free!
the best decision you can make.


register now!












0
students




0
years in business




0
training programs




0
courses











train, communicate, trust


disclaimer
the content provided herein serves exclusively for training and educational purposes. while it endeavors to present
                            the user with occupational safety and health best practices and general guidelines for regulatory compliance, it should
                            not be regarded or relied upon as a comprehensive representation or interpretation of the provisions set forth in the
                            occupational safety and health (osh) act of 1970, or any other specific regulations instituted by any governmental regulatory body.
it is incumbent upon users to consult the original statutory provisions or obtain professional legal advice where necessary.
oshacademy occupational safety and health training is a division of geigle safety group, inc., and is not connected or
                            affiliated with the u.s. department of labor (dol), or the occupational safety and health administration (osha).
                            instructors working with geigle safety group, inc. are prohibited from using any personal proprietary materials or tools
                            in online training content.



contact us

 address: 15220 nw greenbrier pkwy, ste 360, beaverton, or 97006, united states
 phone: +1 (971) 217-8721
 phone: (888) 668-9079 [toll-free]
 email: support@oshacademy.com




site seals










follow us











\
							
copyright ©2000- geigle safety group, inc. all rights reserved. federal copyright prohibits unauthorized reproduction by
                            any means without permission. students may reproduce materials for personal study.




anti-discrimination policy
terms of service
privacy policy
contact us
















































