



















welcome to mechatronics ! 



































home



description

background
evolution of mechatronics
elements of mechatronics
rationale for mechtronics education
approaches to mechatronics education





m.s degree

description
curriculum
old curriculum





mechtronics projects



archive


links



resources

amps/cbri
drk-12
itest
raise
smarter
summit
wise
control lab
mpcrl
prof.kapila
yes @ mpcrl





youtube link



 contact






mechatronics, controls, and robotics lab responds to covid-19













resources


amps/cbri
drk-12
itest
raise
smarter
summit
wise
control lab
mpcrl
prof. kapila
yes @ mpcrl
videos
acknowledgements


search




welcome to mechatronics !


















mechatronics
the exciting field of mechatronics-increasingly recognized as a contemporary, integrative design methodology-is serving as a vehicle to engage and stimulate the interest of nyu tandon students in hands-on, interdisciplinary, collaborative learning. mechatronics is a synergistic integration of mechanical engineering, control theory, computer science, and electronics to manage complexity, uncertainty, and communication in engineered systems. the typical knowledgebase for the optimal design and operation of mechatronics and smart systems comprises of system modeling and analysis, decision and control theory, sensors and signal conditioning, actuators and power electronics, hardware interfacing, rapid control prototyping, and embedded computing. the relevant technology applications of mechatronics include medical, defense, manufacturing, robotics, automotive, and distributed systems and smart consumer products. this web site is aimed at students, educators, and engineers interested in learning, practicing, and promoting the fascinating discipline of mechatronics. here you will find ongoing mechatronics related educational, research, and outreach activities being undertaken by nyu tandon faculty and students.


click here to read more (+/-)


august 18, 2008: under the research experience for teachers (ret) site program, division of engineering education and centers of the national science foundation has awarded nyu tandon institute of nyu a grant titled "ret site: science and mechatronics aided research for teachers (smart)." this award provides funding in the amount $166,667/year. under nsf's continuing award instrument, the project duration is expected to be three years. professor vikram kapila, will serve as the pi and director of the smart project.
the following nyu tandon faculty will serve as senior personnel on the smart project professor nikhil gupta, professor magued g. iskander, and professor maurizioporfiri. nsf website 
february 29, 2008: an article on the "new, gk12: applying mechatronics to promote science (amps) project is available on the poly website.
february 27, 2008: under the gk-12 fellows program, division of graduate education of the national science foundation has awarded nyu tandon university a grant titled "new, gk12: applying mechatronics to promote science (amps)." this award provides funding in the amount $600,000/year. under nsf's continuing award instrument, the project duration is expected to be five years. professor vikram kapila, will serve as the pi and director of the amps project. the co-pis of the amps project include professor magued g. iskander and professor noel n. kriftcher. in addition, the following nyu tandon faculty will serve as the senior personnel on the amps project: professor dariusz czarkowski, professor rastislav levicky, and professor maurizio porfiri.
february 15, 2008: an article on the "central brooklyn robotics initiative (cbri)" project is available on the poly website.
february 5, 2008: an article on the "central brooklyn robotics initiative (cbri)" project is available on ny daily news (pdf version).
january 30, 2008: an article on the "central brooklyn robotics initiative (cbri)" project is available on brooklyn daily eagle (pdf version).
december 16, 2007: an article on the "central brooklyn robotics initiative (cbri)" project is available on  our time press site (pdf version).
august 12, 2007: an article on the summer workshop in instrumentation, sensors and engineering (wise) is available on the poly website.
july 20, 2007: an article on the the summer mechatronics institute for teachers (summit) is available on the poly website.
july 2007: the independence community foundation and the j.p. morgan chase foundation have awarded nyu tandon university a $226,449 grant titled "central brooklyn robotics initiative (cbri)." the project is led by professor vikram kapila and professor noel n. kriftcher.

announcing an open house program 
              on tuesday, may 22, 2007, we will be holding an open house for teachers who are interested in finding out more about our tw
april 25, 2007: under the engineers of the future program, new york state education department has awarded nyu tandon university a $240,654 grant titled "summer mechatronics institute for teachers (summit)." the project is led by professor vikram kapila (pi) and professor noel n. kriftcher (co-pi). 

              april 25, 2007: under the engineers of the future program, new york state education department has awarded nyu tandon university a $297,455 grant titled "summer workshop in instrumentation, sensors and engineering (wise)." the project is led by professor magued g. iskander (pi), professor vikram kapila (co-pi), and professor noel n. kriftcher (co-pi).
february 9, 2006: professor vikram kapila presented mechatronics outreach @ poly to the members of nyu tandon university board of trustees.
january 21, 2006: professor vikram kapila presented mechatronics outreach @ poly at "why science, technology and invention are fun for youth/minority youth?" a seminar organized by wilbert murdock an electrical engineer turned entrepreneur at the schomburg library auditorium at 103 west 135th st, in harlem, new york.
october 24, 2005: dr. charlie camarda, a nyu tandon alumni '74 and a nasa astronaut who flew on the 2005 discovery space shuttle mission sts-114, visited nyu tandon university and the mechatronics laboratory.  click here for a photo album.
may 6, 2004: professor vikram kapila presented a plenary talk titled hands-on mechatronics education: a “brooklyn poly” perspective at the 2004 florida conference on the recent advances in robotics. this talk has also been presented at (1) drexel university, mechanical engineering and mechanics department, philadelphia, pa, may 2005 and (2) nyu tandon university, honors college, brooklyn, ny, march .










news 
funding news 
august 23, 2016
led by prof. kapila, a team of researchers from nyu schools of engineering and education wins a three year $1,039,315 grant from nsf's innovative technology experiences for students and teachers (itest) program. 
august 10, 2016
nyu tandon receives a workshop supplement award from the division of engineering education and centers of national science foundation to host a mechatronics education innovation workshop.  
may 19, 2016
led by prof. kapila, a team of researchers from nyu tandon school of engineering wins a three year $600,000 grant from nsf's research experiences for teachers (ret) site program. 
february 3, 2016
mechatronics and robotics lab graduate students win a $25,000 grant 
august 17, 2014
led by prof. kapila, a team of researchers from nyu schools of engineering and education wins a four year $2,545,955 nsf research grant.
other news 
april 27, 2017
robot swarms could be controlled by your smartphone, thanks to ar 
april 25, 2017
nyu tandon shows off its best and brightest during the research expo 
april 22, 2017
ieee spectrum features mechatronics, controls, and robotics lab's work on controlling robot swarms with augmented reality 
april 21, 2017
tot bot helps physically disabled toddlers explore 
details: 
 link-1 |   
         link-2 |   
         link-3     
         
            
    
march 31, 2017
tandon mechatronics experts explore mixed-reality for laboratory education 

  click here for more news









copyright © 2010 nyu tandon school of engineering | all rights reserved
contact webmaster





