



laser eye surgery - lasik & prk - prk & lasik today eye site














laser eye surgery - lasik & prk 






this site has been optimized for netscape 4.0 and explorer 4.0 or newer.

for older versions,
								
								please click here





prk & lasik today is dedicated to bringing you independent and unbiased information on excimer laser eye surgery, photorefractive keratectomy (prk) and other refractive eye surgery such as rk, alk and lasik. prk and lasik laser eye treatments have made it possible for hundreds of thousands to see without depending on glasses or contacts.

							find out the facts about prk and lasik, where to go for prk and lasik, and how to talk with the people who know about laser eye surgery. for detailed information about lasik please visit our sister web site www.lasik1.com. 

be sure to visit our prk and lasik guest book before you leave.

							
							please read prk & lasik today legal disclaimer before proceeding.












what's new at prk & lasik today - site additions, fda approval press releases, buy & sell/product profiles, links to other web sites.


prk, laser eye surgery, spectacles, reading stones
							
						a brief history of the inventions of sight.


what is prk? what is rk?
							
						prk - safety and predictability.
what is lasik? visit our sister web site www.lasik1.com


is prk laser eye surgery for me? top ten reasons for contact lens & glasses wearers. who can't have prk. a short quiz to find out.


prk & lasik faqs frequently asked questions. 


prk the procedure   • prk post-operative tips   • diary of a prk patient,
									lasik patient testimonials   • prk vs lasik


price, payment options, patient financing





prk and lasik worldwide directory

						a growing list of prk and lasik practitioners and clinics.


 
 
 
 






all about cataracts, cataract surgery 
									
									and intraocular lens implantation





glossary of terms
prk, lasik & laser eye surgery 
							
						glossary of terms







for medical professionals only



medical section - frank discussions on prk, lasik, rk, alk and other aspects of laser eye surgery for ophthalmologists, optometrists and other professionals in medicine.







www.lasik1.com
for detailed information with actual photos of the lasik procedure,  please visit our sister web site www.lasik1.com











for more information contact:
dr. murray mcfadden
(bsc, md, frcs(c), diplomate of the american
															
												
									board of ophthalmology)
© copyright 1996-2005 murray mcfadden md, inc.



email: m2@prk.com
telephone: (604) 530-3332
fax: (604) 535-6258
snailmail: 20434 64th avenue, unit #201,
															
												
									langley, bc canada v2y 1n4









this page last updated on january 7, 2005.
				
				
				web page programmer turnaround type and graphics



