

all intense pulsed light review- intensepulsedlightreview.com












   
	flash
      version | non-flash version 
 








 
learn why intense pulsed light (ipl) or pulsed light (pl) is an advance over laser light for treating skin
      problemsadvanced pulsed light™ (apl)™ is dr. harvey jay's method for using pulsed light.


 

 
  
 

 
what can pulsed light
      treat?
pulsed light has been used to successfully
      treat:
      
unwanted hair - in all skin and hair colors (except for white
        hair) on all body parts
ingrown hair, pseudofolliculitis barbae (pfb), or "razor bumps" -
        as well as the associated skin darkening and pimples 
rosacea
facial blood vessels including port wine stains & hemangiomas
        freckles and skin darkening
        sun damage
        wrinkles
        scars - elevated and depressed
        acne
        tattoos how does pulsed
      light differ from laser?




laser light starts with pulsed light but eliminates all but one wavelength
      (or color) of light. laser can deliver only one
      color (or wavelength) of light at a time.
      pulsed light can deliver hundreds or
      thousands of colors of light at a time. pulsed
      light machines use "cut off" filters to selectively deliver the
      desired wavelengths. these wavelengths can be customized to reach the
      specific hair, blood vessels, or skin component being treated; and can be
      modified with each pulse.
      pulsed light begins with all wavelengths of
      light from 500 to 1200 nanometers (nm) - including green, yellow, red and
      infrared light. various lower range cut off filters (ranging from 515 -
      755) block light shorter than the wavelength of the cut off filter.
      for example: a 550 nm cut off filter blocks light from 500-550 nm, and
      only allows wavelengths from 551 to 1200 nm to reach the target.
      why is the ability to use different wavelengths, pulsed durations,
      and delays better?
since longer (higher numbered) wavelengths penetrate
      deeper into the target, longer wavelengths are used to treat deeper
      targets, and to avoid and protect superficial parts of the skin.
      shorter wavelengths are used to treat more superficial targets
      and avoid damaging deeper skin parts.
      this capability allows the experienced pulsed
      light physician to vary the light delivered in order to match the
      depth of the target and avoid the areas that are not to be treated.
      pulsed light can also be delivered in pulses
      or bursts of light varying from 1 to 5 pulses at a time. the "duration" of
      each pulse and the "delay" time between pulses can be modified with each
      treatment site. longer durations are generally better for treating
      larger targets. shorter pulse durations are generally better for
      treating smaller structures.
      limited treatment setting in laser or in
      "simpler" pulsed light machines offer the
      experienced physician operator fewer choices. even though fewer choices
      may be "simpler" or "easier", the restriction in operator flexibility
      caused by less customizable settings can produce suboptimal results and
      more undesirable side effects.
      can pulsed light treatment be customized
      for each individual patient?
yes. the experienced physician operator of a pulsed light device can customize settings to
      select the wavelengths, number of pulses, duration of pulses, delay
      between pulses, and power delivered to best match the relative depth,
      size, and absorption characteristics of the intended target, and avoid the
      settings that would cause damage to the areas that need to be preserved.
      this flexibility and variability allows the knowledgeable physician to
      maximize results and minimize side effects.
      the wider range of possible settings and spectrum of light delivered by
      pulsed light enable the operator a much broader
      range of possible settings than available in any single or even in many
      combinations of laser. these capabilities, when
      expertly utilized, translate into better and safer treatments and more
      effective results.
      examples of pulsed light machine flexibility
      include:
      
pulsed light delivers wavelengths from
        500 to 1200 nm while laser can deliver only 1
        wavelength at a time.
        pulsed light can deliver total pulse
        durations up to 25 msec or 1235 msec while most laser can deliver pulse durations up to 40-100msec
        (and 1 machine can deliver 1000 msec but at only 800nm)
        pulsed light's larger light beam size
        allows for faster treatment and deeper light penetration. these
      enhanced capabilities can thereby be used to target the larger and deeper
      hair follicles, and spare the superficial melanin in darker skin types by
      utilizing longer wavelengths, and larger beams for deeper penetration;
      combined with longer pulse durations for avoiding the epidermis and
      targeting the larger hair follicles.
      *our patients report that advanced pulsed
      light is far less painful than lasers,
      electrolysis, or waxing.
      which pulsed light machine does dr.
      jay prefer?
      several new pulsed light machines have been
      manufactured in the past few months. however, in my analysis, the original
      pulsed light machines, produced by lumenis
      (originally esc, then esc/sharplan) - named photoderm and epilight -
      together are the most powerful and have the widest range of settings. more
      recent pulsed light machines have been
      developed with more limited settings and less power to prevent less
      experienced, and usually non-physician operators from producing
      undesirable side effects. quantum (aculight) and vasculight are lumenis
      products that have more limited pulsed light
      capabilities than photoderm and epilight.
      these limited settings, however, prevent the experienced physician
      operator from utilizing pulsed light's full
      therapeutic potential, and can actually produce more side effects (as a
      result of the diminished flexibility and range of these and other pulsed light products). 
 

 
 





 
 see dr. jay's recent study in the cornell university issue of
            cosmetic dermatology, peer reviewed medical
            journal.see news release!safety of
            intense pulsed light hair removal in 250 consecutive new
            patients is the largest laser or pulsed light treatment
            safety study in which "250 consecutive new" patients were safely
            treated by dr. jay. 
 

 


where can i learn more about dr. jay, pulsed light and its uses, and see photographs of dr.
      jay's actual results?




 
dr jay's main
            website - shows photos of our results and much more information
            about ultimate™ pulsed light treatment.
          


 
laserhairremovalreview.com
            - information for selecting the best light system and physician for
            your hair removal needs.


 
ingrownhairs.com -
            information about ingrown hairs and treatment of all skin colors
            plus an animated explanation of ingrown hairs. 


 
rosacea.net -
            dr. jay's dramatic pulsed light treatment
            of rosacea and its symptoms. rosacea is a facial rash of prominent
            redness and sometimes pimples.


 
intense pulsed light
            review.com - intense pulsed light and laser - an explanation and comparison,
            including answers to frequently asked questions.


 
epilight.net -
            a comprehensive resource about epilight, a machine developed to
            remove unwanted hair.


 
acne.net - a
            comprehensive resource about acne and it's
      treatment.
 

 


all medical questions require that you be seen in person by a
      board-certified dermatologist. we cannot respond to medical questions via
      email. please phone 212-755-2237 to see dr. jay personally. thank you.
      harvey h. jay, m.d.- 45 east 62nd. st., new york, ny 10065 - tel:
      212-755-2237 - fax: 212-755-3359 
      the information on this site is
      provided as our analysis and opinions as of april 2007.
      aculight™, quantum™, vasculight™, epilight™, photoderm™,
      intense pulsed light™, and ipl™ are all trademarks of lumenis.      

 
