


rampant lion celtic traders - home






































	like our facebook page


















				home
			



				products
			



				fests, links, mailing list
			



				order and shipping info
			










welcome to rampant lion celtic traders
may 2024going forward, we will transition to our ecrater website fully in the next several months. that is the site that all our links direct you to already and we might as well start there so there is no confusion.  if you suddenly do not see this website, that's where we will be found.  if you go to our other page here, then you can bookmark it on your computer and find us later when you go to shop.  check out our festival page to see our festival attendance for this year. march 2024our calendar has been updated with events for this coming season.  we have some events that are new for us and unfortunately we lost a couple of events due to date changes and such.  you can always keep up with us on our facebook page and see any new items or find us at events. there are finally many new items being introduced by royal tara and you will find them in our booth or on the website as they become available.  your support means the world to us, you can always contact us with any questions!march 9, 2018as many of you already have heard, we have made the decision to close the brick and mortar portion of our business. we opened the store in 2003 and moved to our current store in 2005. however, due to the new trends in shopping and the crash of the cd market, we are just not seeing the number of customers in the store that we need to in order to keep it open. we will still appear at scottish, irish and celtic festivals around the midwest and florida and we will keep our website updated with new products. jack will also continue to write his column in the irish american news every month. april 14 will be the last day to come into the store and make your purchases. after that, you can visit the website or look for us at a festival. we will post on our facebook page when we will be at events, so when you like our page, select the option to see our posts first, so you don't miss any events!! thanks for shopping with us and we hope to see you on the road.rampant lion is a family owned business since 1986.  you can find us at many major irish, scottish and celtic festivals in the midwest and also in florida. we feature a wide variety of gift items including ceramic kitchenware and textiles, tin whistles, flag items from most of the celtic nations, classic irish and scottish music cds and the largest selection of celtic themed cross stitch kits and charts.we do have a large selection of items available for purchase here on our ecrater website.  you can order and pay with a credit card via paypal, securely and quickly.  if you don't see what you are looking for, please email us and we will help you with your purchase.
website created march 2013 - updated may 2024









web hosting by ipage









