

chinese antique furniture culture



















 
 
 
 
 
 
 









 chinese 
      antique furniture culture
the chinese antique furniture  is of exquisite design, unique workmanship and careful carving. it has been the rare treasure and one of the most splendid parts of oriental culture.  






 
general 
      info | furniture gallery | furniture 
      style | furniture 
      wood | furniture 
      age |
furniture joinery |
furniture maintenance |
furniture glossary
 







 



 



 special topics
ceramics and porcelain
chinese antique pottery
chinese lacquerware
neolithic bronze
decorative lighting
chinese embroidery
chinese jade
ancient chinese architecture 


 china style 
 offers china ancient history and culture, also to assist non-native people to have an easy access to ancient china ......
 view more in china style


 antique furniture glossary 
joinery, chinese lattice or fretwork, mortise and tenon structure, low -relief engraving, caning, plain hardwood, horsehoof, lacquer, waisted, spandrel, feng shui, apron, cabriole leg,carcass,case furniture, chinoiserie......
 view detailed information
luban carpentry ruler (luban chi)
western golden ratio has long been applied on architecture and object designs in our society, but in fact, we have our traditional way of measurement. 
the luban carpentry ruler was used in ancient times in the construction of residential houses and furniture. a whole structure and each of its parts would have its height, width and length measured in lucky numbers.
view more ... 

 
 
 
 


 
 


 
welcome 
            to antique chinese furniture culture


 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
 


 



  antique furniture joinery
 classic chinese furniture is unique for many reasons, including its exquisite carvings, rare woods and joinery. each type has joints that are suited for the particular strains and stresses that will be placed on it. 



 






 



 view detailed style

 chinese furniture style 
 
  the development of traditional chinese furniture went from the simple to the intricate, and was closely linked to the chinese lifestyle and cultural and economic changes in china. in early antiquity, the chinese sat mostly on straw mats on the floor. 

 view detailed style 

 furniture maintenance (restore & care)
how do i stain furniture?
how to refinish a wood table?
how to refinish wood furniture?
how to restore chinese old wooden furniture?
how to restore your old furniture?
preparing furniture for refinishing
the care of antique furniture
using adhesives to repair antique furniture 

 other resources
chinese antique furniture reproduction procedure chart

chinese antique furniture books and other publication                        
 china style antique decorating 
this part features a variety of contemporary interiors that demonstrate the successful application of chinese antique furniture and reproductions in a minimally designed framework. 
- antique living room furniture
- antique study room furniture 
- antique office furniture
- antique dining room furniture
- antique garden furniture
- antique shopping hall furniture
- antique store furniture 
- antique kitchen room furniture
- antique bedroom furniture 
 view detailed information 




 furntiure gallary 
                          collects antique chinese furniture pieces from 
                          shang, warring state period, 
                          han, wei, qi and jin, 
                          sui, tang, five dynast, 
                          ming, 
                          qing. it will give you a complete idea about chinese antique furnitures. 


 view all furnitures
 


 






 



 about us 
to promote chinese antique furniture art and culture, we built the site. we hope that this site will become your one stop on the web for anything of chinese antique furnitures related. 



chinese antique furniture  culture is updated monthly so that there is always something new to see. 


 view detailed information


 

 




 


the latest submitted sites 
chinese tea utensil
  deal with chinese antique furniture and other chinese arts. 
styleourhome - unique home accessories online
            offers unique home accessories online with a wide selection of contemporary and classic home accessories combining stylish features and superior craftsmanship to give new style to your home. including soft furnishings, soft seating, furniture, lighting, mirrors, sofa throws and home accessories uk.

relative information
chinese furniture: a guide to collecting antiques
the international market for antique chinese furniture is booming, and masterpieces from the ming and qing dynasties are now worth hundreds of thousands of dollars. chinese furniture is a survey of these collectibles-from the very best hardwood pieces featured to standard softwood.
ancient chinese furniture appreciation and collection
on the subject of ancient chinese furniture, this book introduces in detail basic knowledge of appreciation and collection, as well as the forms, structures, material, crafts and skills of ancient chinese furniture. the main content includes the appreciation, collection and identification of the crafts, titles, year, material and patterns of ancient chinese furniture.
chinese furniture retailer's "fake imports" fine paid: authorities
authorities in shanghai said saturday that luxury furniture retailer da vinci has already paid its "fake imports" fine, over a month after the company openly refused to pay the penalty fare. 




 

 







 













copyright © chinese antique furniture center 






