




 



the faubourg marigny improvement association, inc. (fmia) - home
















log in


 





good neighbors stay informed. great neighbors get involved.






home




about



fmia history




marigny history




annual report







events



2024 fall walking tour




2025 faubourg marigny home and garden tour




2025 mardi gras house contest




volunteer







projects



block captains




trees in the marigny




farmer's market




neighborhood survey




flood wall mural project




pride asphalt art







updates



newsletter archives




fmia board updates




fmia board meeting minutes




general meetings




blight / code enforcement




land use / planning / zoning




marigny green




nopd - 5th & 8th districts




security & improvement district faqs







calendar




join




store




businesses




contact



links and resources




fmia business members












home







welcome to the marigny! historic architectureplayful colorfuliconic beauty


















 


what interests you?
help improve faubourg marigny. whether you're a long-time resident or new to the neighborhood, a renter, an owner, a business or just someone who loves the marigny, we value your input. complaint or idea? let us know! please take the:2025 faubourg marigny neighborhood survey



mardi gras decorating contest
let's get into the mardi gras spirit.  whether you create a house float, do traditional decorations or just string some lights, let's decorate the marigny for mardi gras in the marigny. we will be holding our annual contest for the best deocrated residence or business.. be creative, have fun and you may even win a prize!! happy mardi gras!! learn more. 


 

 
thank you for your help!the waivers were denied.



the requested waivers of at least a 50% height waiver (from a maximum of 50 feet to 75 plus feet) and almost a 50% increase in the floor area ratio (far) from 2.1 to 3.1. were denied by the city planning commission.if these were allowed, the new hotel would be the largest building in the marigny at almost 93,000 sq. ft., and the tallest building on the entirety of elysian fields avenue, from the mississippi river to lake pontchartrain. this does not mean this will not come back up, so please sign the petition.

celebrate: 50 years of historic preservation!

as we celebrate 50 years of historic preservation, our own gene cizek talks with the advisory council on historic preservation's preservation perspectives podcast host monica rhodes to discuss how volunteerism helped shape the preservation movement here in new orleans. learn more.



learn about what we have done over the last 50 years to protect the historic fabric of the neighborhood.
 

 
fmia needs you!
memberhsip is open to anyone who loves the marigny: owner, renter, individual, business or visitor!




make a bigger impact 
  become a block captain. volunteer for an event. join a committee. serve on the board of directors.
to sign up or for more information contact us at info@thefmia.org or come to a general meeting. 


security camera registration
do your part to help fight crime. register your public facing cameras so the nopd can better solve crimes.  your information will not be made public. rregister your camera and information here.you may also submit any photo or video evidence via email to: 5thdistrictvideos@nola.gov.







 help maintain the beauty of our neighborhoodrundown lots and properties with unkept grass, deteriorating structures, or any other unsightly and/or unsafe property conditions can lead to homeless encampments and attract criminal activity. report blighted properties to: blight@faubourgmarigny.org.



 




the fmia
the fmia is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.
our mission
the faubourg marigny improvement association exists to safeguard and promote the physical, cultural, architectural, and historic character of the neighborhood while preserving and improving the quality of life. learn more.


blog posts



less litter for mardi gras 2025

january 22, 2025 1:59 pm •
deborah oppenheim



christmas tree recycle

december 12, 2024 4:28 pm •
deborah oppenheim



taking a bite out of crime

october 17, 2024 9:33 am •
chris costello





quick links
links & resourcesforms
contact us










 



copyright ©1972-2024 the fmia. all rights reserved.






powered by wild apricot membership software













