





breyer state theology university – bstu offers only ethereal programs in business and grief only. old programs have been discontinued. our educational programs prepare students for religious vocations as ministers, professionals, or laypersons in the categories of ministry, counseling, theology, education, administration, music, fine arts, media communications, or social work.







































































home
accelerated degree programs

ethereal master of business administration
ethereal doctor of business administration:
ethereal master of psychology in grief counseling:
ethereal doctor of psychology in grief counseling
master in christian counseling
doctorate in christian counseling
doctorate in positive psychology


admissions
about us

our faculty


student forms
validation


 studentadvisor@breyerstate.com  +1-407 439 3014student and lms login
request call back
apply now




 
home
accelerated degree programs

ethereal master of business administration
ethereal doctor of business administration:
ethereal master of psychology in grief counseling:
ethereal doctor of psychology in grief counseling
master in christian counseling
doctorate in christian counseling
doctorate in positive psychology


admissions
about us

our faculty


student forms
validation














 


 






new payment plan $500 down payment 
							christian counseling 
							check now 
							 


ethereal doctorate 
							grief counseling 
							know more 
							 













breyer state theology university











 bstu offers ethereal programs in christian counseling, grief counseling and business only. our educational programs prepare students for religious vocations as ministers, professionals, or laypersons in the categories of ministry, counseling, theology, education, administration, music, fine arts, media communications, or social work.
to join this program first, you must be a member of the american financials association. to sign up for a membership with the afa here.
 







breyer state theology university meets the requirements for code 1005.06 (1)(f) set by the department of education florida,  commission on independent education.
 



 

how to enrolllearn moredefault sample caption textres 500 world religions:

world religions is a course that will give you the necessary knowledge to understand different religious ideals and how to analytically compare and contrast different religious dogmas and beliefs. through the ability to compare and contrast, you will not merely memorize …


student formslearn moredefault sample caption textres 501 introduction to philosophy of religions:philosophy of religion will start with an overview of the distinction between philosophy and religion, knowledge and belief. there will be analyses on the attributes of god, such as eternity, omniscience and omnipotence.  …
make a paymentlearn moredefault sample caption textres 502 violence and forgiveness:violence has been increasingly observed in the world. this course provides classic understandings of violence and its impacts. the violence and forgiveness course also explores contemporary writings on violence with special emphasis on … 
breyer state theology universitybreyer state theology university is integrated with all the keys for success. our core values demand excellence and our online educators resonate excellence in their respective fields. you can get to know our individual faculty advisors here. we recommend that you do, since most of our students carry on an online mentor relationship once they start and they tend to continue this throughout their entire education with us…
read moreethereal business administration programs ethereal master in business administrationread moreethereal doctorate in business administrationread moreethereal accelerated master & doctorate in business administrationread morechristian grief and grief counseling schoolethereal master in grief counselingread moreethereal doctorate in grief counselingread moreethereal accelerated master & doctorate in grief counselingread morefrom keystone and want more info !!

breyer state theology university featuresour missionour philosophy our objective pursue higher educationwhat we are doing?
 bstu offers educational programs that prepare students for religious vocations as ministers, professionals, or laypersons in the categories of ministry, counseling, theology, education, administration, music, fine arts, media communications, or social work.
breyer state theology university exists to provide newer, innovative and affordable online higher education programs and courses that meet the needs of a wide and diverse market. we support an adult model of education that is focused, self-paced and supported by dedicated and accomplished faculty. we are dedicated to delivering to our student’s degree programs that enable them to make contributions not only in their personal lives but in their communities as well. with our virtual online setting, students can study at their own pace to fulfill their educational goals.
philosophy?
we believe in and support the philosophy of distance education in a virtual setting. we believe that advancing technologies support our mission and have allowed us to become a recognized leader in delivering innovative models of education in this new millennium.
objectives?







we want to provide quality, affordable education to adult learners in an environment that is conductive to their learning. through our policies we strive to allow our students the flexibility to earn their degree without the constraints of traditional classroom scheduling. students at breyer state theology university are free to enroll, study and complete their degree programs on their own schedule. a student’s proficiency of the subject matter is demonstrated through measurable student objectives detailed individually in each syllabus for each program.













 






pursue higher education?














if you want to realize your dreams of higher education, whether you are a recent high school graduate or a working adult, breyer state theology university has built programs in many fields of study to help you make it a reality. we offer ethereal bachelor’s, master’s and doctorate degrees, and we encourage each individual to be the best they can be. what that means for our educational institution is that our students embrace the power and potential of education.
our virtual classroom provides the ultimate convenience. we realize that in a hectic society and in an economic downturn, many individuals prefer to work and study simultaneously. that’s why we offer flexible course selections, where you can study at your own pace and within your budget for an online degree.













 





















 






enroll nowapplications are now acceptedwe don’t just give students an education and experiences that set them up for success in a career. we help them succeed in their career—to discover a field they’re passionate about and dare to lead it.
apply nowquick linksmessage from our presidentour learning objectivesaccreditationadministrative staffboard of educationtution and feessubscribe to newsletterget updates to news & eventsstay connnected with breyer state theology university 
accelerated degree programs bstu offers ethereal programs in business and grief only. old programs have been discontinued. our educational programs prepare students for religious vocations as ministers, professionals, or laypersons in the categories of ministry, counseling, theology, education, administration, music, fine arts, media communications, or social work.how to enrollmaybe you’ve had a rough patch in your life or you know someone who has experienced the death of a loved one. if you would like to help others manage their grief professionally, there are counseling courses that are available at many online universities.
how to enroll 

3807 east state road 64  , suite-a
bradenton, fl 34208

mailing address:
10151 deerwood park blvd.
building 200, suite 250
jacksonville, fl 32256
+1-407 439 3014
for whatsapp only +1 (941) 381-9653 

studentadvisor@breyerstate.com


quick linksenrollment agreement
contact us
request for information
make a payment
transfer policy
tuition & fees
request for official transcripts
bstu onlineuniversity id cards
graduation announcements
graduation caps and gowns
class rings
 


 






more linksdegrees and programs
ethereal bachelor’s degree programs
ethereal master’s degrees programs
accelerated degree programs
 



breyer state theology university meets the requirements for code 1005.06 (1)(f) set by the department of education florida,  commission on independent education.












copyright all right reserved 2020, breyer state theology university

























