








home - bayshore pet resort, tampa dog boarding

























































skip to content















  


search for:








homeabouthow to choose the right pet resorttestimonialseventsholiday closure datesblogreservationsdog boardingdoggie daycarebathing servicescontact uswe’re hiring!holiday closure dates 











loading...










































bayshore pet resort • doggie daycare • dog bathing services in tampamcshane2024-06-12t11:01:34-04:00

pet resort • doggie daycare • dog bathing serviceswe take great pride in the care we provide for your four-legged family members.
welcome to bayshore grooming and pet resort, voted best of the bay by residents living in the south tampa, davis island and harbour island areas. what sets our tampa pet resort apart from other kennels is that we are truly a full service pet resort and you don’t have to pay extra for all the amenities we have to offer.
your pets are considered our guests when you leave them in our hands; there are no requests we cannot handle. just like people, our furry guests have different needs and expectations, which we fulfill. whether it be throwing the ball for one that prefers more human interaction or putting together doggie daycare play groups for our guests who prefer dog companionship.
playtime is separated by dog size and temperament, so dogs stay safe and comfortable.
we only serve all natural food, but, of course, you may also provide your own. we have many guests that come in on a regular basis just to play. doggie day care is a great way for your four-legged kids to romp during the day while you’re at work; that way at the end of a hard day’s work, everyone can go home and relax.
we welcome you to come tour our pet resort facility any time and you don’t need an appointment. we want to show you the hospitality your pet will receive on any given day.
we’re hiring!
bayshore pet resort is looking for reliable dog lovers to join us in caring for our four legged friends. we are looking to hire p/t or f/t hard working individuals with experience in the pet industry. drop off or email your resume if you are interested in joining the bayshore pet resort team. you will be cross trained for the below positions:
– daycare
– dog bather
– kennel assistant
– receptionist

“thank you for planting trees in honor of stink eye frank but thank you more for the care you gave him. frank would spin when we would tell him we were taking him to ‘camp.’ i always knew he would come home safe and exhausted.”
tim and melissa post
“we would like to extend our deepest gratitude to you and your staff for the kindness you have shown to us in recently boarding our foster dog bree when her foster mom joanie experience the sad loss of both of her elderly parents within such a short time. it was such a relief to her to know that bree was in good hands and gave her one less thing for her to worry about at such a difficult time.”
kelly r. faircloth , president, greyhound rescue & adoptions of tampa bay
“thank you for your kindness in taking in lola when we had no other options. i cannot tell you what a relief it was to have her in your capable, caring hands! we are truly thankful.”
kelli f. 
“our family would like to thank you for everything you have done for us over the last year. words alone cannot express our appreciation and gratitude for your kindness, generosity and support during our difficult time. it gave me such peace knowing amber was being taken care of and enabled me to focus on michael. you were my ‘angel.’ thank you again for your thoughtfulness,”
mary n.see all testimonials



 
 





contact us 4804 s. manhattan avenue, 
tampa, fl 33611
(813) 832.4464
fax (813) 832.3914 

info@bayshorepetresort.com

 request a reservation  

click here to fill out a new client information form

click here to print out the services agreement form and bring a signed copy with you.
 


check out our blog!


dog breeds that are great with kids


5 ways you can prevent obesity in your dog


10 things you do that your dog hates


7 signs that your dog is in pain


10 causes of aggression in dogs


 

hours m-f 7am to 6:30pm 
sat 9am to 4pm
sunday 1pm to 2pm for boarding drop-off and pick-up only
we’re hiring! now hiring p/t and f/t employees. click here to learn more.
 

find us on facebook




 
  










view this profile on instagram























bayshore pet resort (@bayshorepetresort) • instagram photos and videos


 

 

 

 
 
 





		copyright 2024 bayshore pet resort | all rights reserved	


facebook
 
 
 
 



toggle sliding bar area














 
 
page load link





























































































go to top




