










noodletools

















































menu

noodletools


skip to content
educators
students & researchers
plans
support
trial
log in
 







a research platform.
an educational mindset.
designed by educators. powered by technology. tested by time.
educatorsstudents & researchers






for individual inquiry and collaborative research, noodletools:



paves the way for original, high-quality work
noodletools gives students a systematic but flexible framework for navigating the tangled web of research. students develop expert critical-thinking skills, gain confidence, and replace patchwriting and plagiarism with synthesis.





grows with students, novice to expert
from a novice’s research question to a graduate student’s thesis, the three levels of noodletools provide a mental model for research and a common language across faculty and disciplines.





supports teaching in the moment
noodletools pulls back the curtain so that you can offer early, in-context feedback on students’ work at predictable bottlenecks and ahead of the writing space.





gives you access to experts
we are educators, citation specialists, primary source authorities, and academic researchers. that expertise is baked into our platform design and services.




smart tools. smart teaching. smart research.




effective & proactive teaching

set up and start teaching in minutes.
track students’ progress, provide in-context feedback.
no advertising. student-friendly privacy policy.
 teach responsively





a student’s research companion

cite your sources and organize your notes.
get help with mla, apa and chicago-style citations.
collaborate in real-time from anywhere.
 discover a better way










product
admin login
product overview
subscriptions
trials
free tools
 

support
help desk
noodletools tutorials
handouts / downloads
webinars
email subscriptions
 

company
about
contact us
twitter
blog
terms of service
privacy policy
 

©2025 noodletools             
search
















