



















heather gardens association - welcome to heather gardens



















 




sign in





















sign in










home
history, statistical information & mapheather gardens foundation
lifestyles
buying and rentingtypes of homesamenitiesswimming poolsrv storagelocation / maplocal resources
clubhouse 
classes & scheduleclubs & religious activitiesevent space rentalstrips & events calendar
rendezvous restaurant & golf newsbulletin board 
heather gardens civility and caring hga and hgmd budget
2025 hga and hgmd budget
parking structure news
parking structure studies and plans

resource center
acc informationdiscussion groupscommunity faq
contact us
management and clubhouse contacts
heather gardens staff organizational chart
heather gardens operations
careers

hga/hgmd meetings/ calendar
agendas and meeting notices
hga boardhga committeeshgmd boardhgmd committeesother meetings
committee vacancies and application






                    heather gardens association
                















welcome to heather gardensthe leading active adult community in coloradofor sellers for buyers heather gardens is an age-restricted community of active, independent adults. it is located in the southeast metro area less than a mile from i-225, rtd's nine-mile light rail station, and cherry creek state park and reservoir. the community is an established, neighborly, and secure urban enclave located on 200 park-like acres enhanced by the community's golf course. homeowners enjoy a carefree, maintenance-free lifestyle. there is a variety of zero-maintenance, worry-free home ownership choices in a wide price range, from condos with views of the rockies to townhomes and patio homes. heather gardens offers its residents over 100 leisure activities, clubs, and classes, providing opportunities for personal growth and social interaction.golfnestled in the center of our community, this public, 9-hole executive course will prove to challenge even the best golfer. its traditional design is enhanced by lush fairways, elevated greens, and well-positioned bunkers. our 2,461-yard, par 32 courses will provide a tough yet fair test of golf for all skill levels.more  clubhouseon april 20, 2012, after 13 months of construction, we opened our new, 50,000-square-foot heather gardens clubhouse.with the name “clubhouse,” you might assume it is just the headquarters for our heather gardens golf course. but it is much more than that, it’s a full recreation center for our senior community.more  rendezvous restaurantheather gardens’ new rendezvous restaurant has developed a solid following among heather gardens' 4,000 residents and is gaining favor with non-heather gardens residents as well.more  active adult & retirement community recognitionheather gardens was unique when established in 1973, and today is still one-of-a-kind. a variety of retail shops and services, including medical facilities, are within minutes of our senior homes. in addition, cherry creek state park virtually provides fishing, boating, hiking, and biking opportunities at our doorstep. a light rail line provides service from our southeast denver area to downtown denver. senior living community in coloradoheather gardens sets the standard as an active adult community in denver with exceptional home values, a 24/7 security department, superlative maintenance, and numerous recreational and social amenities. today our senior community is fully developed with more than 2,400 housing units. there are patio homes, townhomes, and multi-story condominium buildings.   





secure sign information
×












×








ok












heather 

gardens 

colorado active adult community, 2888 s. heather gardens way 

aurora, co 80014



(office) 303- 755-0652 (fax) 303-745-5253 

 

email: management@heathergardensmail.com  


colorado senior housing lifestyle‚ active adult community activities 
heather 

gardens' services‚  

retirement community resources 




              privacy policy |

              terms of service |

              rules and regulations |

              site map




              homeowners association management software
              by 

              frontsteps
              © 2000-2017. all rights reserved.



























secure sign information
×












×








ok





