




paw inc. – go worldwide and preach the gospel to everybody


























































pentecostal assemblies of the world, inc.home
about
convention
events
give
home
about

officials
board of bishops
auxiliaries
e-store / apparel
articles
electronic resource library
contact


events

convention
watch ondemand


give
 








ondemandwatchcredentialsrenewoutlooksubscribenewslettersubscribecouncilsreviewlilly endowment grant
the lead well support program is for paw pastors looking for assistance with personal household finances, managing ministries, and leading in communities. learn more about the program.learn moreregister for a paw event
icea region 5 conference - april 24-26, 2025
nac training conference - may 2-3, 2025
icea region 3 conference - june 5-7, 2025
icea region 6a conference - august 7-9, 2025register nowjanuary 9, 2025 · bishop brooksprayer for the city of los angeles and surrounding areasa message from our presiding bishop concerning the devastating fires in los angeles area. presiding bishop brooks is encouraging us to support trusted organizations like the red cross in providing financial aid to those impacted.

paw marketingjanuary 1, 2025 · official releasesdoing it god's way - january prayer calljoin the paw inc. and the episcopal intercessors for 1000 people in the throne room praying “doing it god’s way” every tuesday and saturday at 7:00 pm cst.

paw marketingofficial releaseheart of leadershipbeneath the crownpastors spotlightall articleswhat we believeour chief aim is to glorify our savior, even jesus christ, who gave himself for us that: he might redeem us from all iniquity, and purify unto himself a peculiar people, zealous of good works; we should show forth the praises of him who hath called us out of darkness into his marvelous light; and we may be blameless, the sons of god, without rebuke. in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation, we shine as lights in the world and hold forth the word of life that gives light to them that sit in the shadow of death and guide their feet into the way of peace.what's happening!become a partner! 



paw inc. headquarters3939 n. meadows drive, indianapolis, in 46205 usa  |  phone: (317) 547-9541eastern standard time  |  mon-fri: 8am-4pm  |  sat & sun: closedcopyright ©2020 pentecostal assemblies of the world, inc. all rights reserved. 
























