



airborn electronics





















contact us
our service
re-engineering
design flowchart
home








 

airborn electronics design (and
        make*) printed circuit boards (pcbs)
        that monitor and control things.  our business is making the circuit boards that
        go inside new australian designed products.  airborn doesn't actually make and sell
        the whole product - we just design the pcb and software - the electronics and
        microprocessor "smarts" inside the product.

how the industry designs electronics
how to specify your job requirements
            examples of airborn's work (also list, left)
            airborn electronics hardware design services,
                    firmware design, and
                    contact details
a  complete index, with all the misc. stuff
        















        at the heart of any technology product built today lies a circuit board.
        airborn electronics designs those circuit boards, to bring your
        new product to life.
the website opens with an overview of the
        electronic design process, then
        there is a detailed page for each step.
we welcome feedback.
        this website is intended as a resource for new product developers, rather than a hard sell
        for the airborn design service.  the website tries to explain how the
        work gets done, offer examples, and cover off any likely pitfalls.  alternative methods
        are mentioned, and the reasoning behind suggestions is explained.
        the material on this website is all about practical, commercial
        decisions - there is little theory - no ohms law - just tested advice on getting new
        pcb designs into production with as little pain as possible.  really, our website
        helps people directly managing electronics design projects.  this resource
        might be useful to individual inventors, but really it is aimed at
        moderately resourced small businesses, because developing and marketing a
        new product does cost real money.


there are (also) 10+ pages of useful info here on
        protel autotrax.  protel autotrax is an older (and free)
        pcb design package that airborn uses and supports with various
        libraries,
        utilities and
        info.
        many specialist electronic devices still use
        rs232 and
        rs485
        communications at some level, there are pages here describing converters and pinouts.
        a few issues come up repeatedly in electonics - there are webpages here for two:
        getting more i/o on a microprocessor, and
        reprogramming [2].
        people project-managing new product development need a minimum level of hands-on skill - 
        there is a page here
        multimeters for managers that will
        teach you the basics needed for using a meter.
there are example projects on this website to
        showcase airborn electronics work.  most of these projects have complete
        circuit diagrams, pcb layouts, parts lists and photos; some have the firmware also.
        pages here describe writing a specification
        for your electronic design with detail and instruction.
        it is not strictly necessary for the client to write their own spec before
        starting a design - but it helps.  a spec is the way to consolidate your own ideas.
        when you are ready to design your new electronics pcb, we hope you will
        contact us and offer us the chance to do your work.
        who ever you choose to design your electronics, we wish you the best of luck with
        your new project.

never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to
            accomplish it.  the time will pass anyway -- anon





contact us
enquiry form
sitemap
 
the pcb design method
about circuit diagrams
about pcb layout
about firmware design
spec'ing your job
our design service
 


      example projects library                
   mechatronic control unit                
garbage truck compactor                
rs232-rs485 convert (2006)            
         tone generator test project             
rs485 fire panel int.                 
      front panel switches( a/d)              
    serial to irda                          
danfoss loop tester                     
   ran multilayer trainer                  
programmable oscillator                 
pressure sense pcb                      
nursecall overdoor light v2            
 


autotrax utitilities
autotrax links
our picobus io std
rs232 connectors
our rs485 converter
p89lpc932
our program header
how to use a multimeter
 
our site index
offsite links (15000+)
google search

 

 
contact





electronic design process
sitemap

©2013 airborn - last updated 12 october 2013




