






ias
















































              home
            



              grocery
            



              foodservice
            



              news
            



                contact us
              















              home
            



              grocery
            



              foodservice
            



              news
            



                contact us
              


















welcome tointernational american supermarkets corp.building brands internationally





international american supermarkets corp. connects producers and distributors worldwide. 















about usestablished in 1980, i.a.s corp. is a dynamic food & beverage export management organization representing a diverse portfolio of recognized us brands in overseas markets through our expertise in marketing, compliance, and logistics.















company profiletoday, i.a.s corp. manages more than 50 us brands in 58 global markets. with a wide ranging product portfolio, we are constantly prepared to meet a variety of customer needs and expectations, both in grocery/retail & horeca/foodservice. 















our servicesi.a.s corp. is dedicated to simplifying the complex processes of international food & beverage logistics, product development, and compliance for the whole supply chain starting with us manufacturers and ending with international importers, distributors and retailers.















our teamat i.a.s corp. we value the importance of fostering transparent relations with our customers and principals. meet the team that makes it all possible.












about i.a.s





providers of value-added export solutions for producers and distributors worldwide  

 

i.a.s. corp. is a leading export management company focused on providing excellent service through our collective expertise in: sourcing, product development, compliance, and logistics. from our corporate headquarters located in piscataway, new jersey, we have established distribution channels in 58 markets throughout africa, the americas, asia, europe and the middle east.established in 1980, i.a.s  corp. has witnessed an unbroken pattern of growth that has brought us to the forefront of the industry - recognized by customers as a market leading exporter with a reputation for innovation, flexibility and superior customer service.i.a.s corp. takes great pride in the role we have successfully fulfilled over our history: being an indispensable facilitator to our foreign-based customers in sourcing american specialty food products and ingredients in the most efficient way.even with rising competition and globalized networks, i.a.s. corp. has remained our customers #1 choice. our family-owned business has the financial strength, efficient sourcing capabilities and the marketing expertise to identify and meet our customers' demands. our commitment is not to act as a simple intermediary, but to deliver an unparalleled service to our partners both in america and world-wide.corporate profile

 










company profile



 

founded:1980location: 226 old new brunswick roadpiscataway, new jersey 08854, usatarget customers:grocery & foodservice wholesalers, importers, distributors, manufacturers, supermarkets/hyper-markets/convenience stores, restaurants & institutions.strategic business units:retail/groceryhoreca/foodservicea.f.c. (american foodservice concepts); central europe ingredientsimport (régals de bretagne) market coverage:











 










our services



 

our services:managing a distribution network of over 75 international importers, distributors and retailers in over 58 markets.operating our own export consolidation warehouse near port elizabeth in new jersey. on the ground eu presence with an active transit warehouse near port rotterdam.labeling experts and ingredient specialists focusing on understanding foreign import requirements.preferential shipping rates through contractual freight agreements.diverse and multi-lingual staff allowing a better understanding of foreign consumer preferences. extensive expertise in financial tools, export certification and shipping formalities. 











  









 










our teamthe best and brightest





our executive team



suhayl saumachairmanabdo saumapresident



bassam saumaceo 



sami saumacoojoe saumacfo



associates & staff



ninoska francowarehouse operations managersandra rubioassistant sales manager susan alexanderaccount representativelisa padillaaccount representativemohlil arshadaccount representative



shiau-wen gorkaaccounting manageralex saumanew business developmentoliver saumanew business developmenthadi saumanew business development



                          jason buist                        senior directoranna cooleyassistant accounting managerlynn dannaouiassistant accounting managerkevin saumalogistics manager calli cassavetislogistics liaison   














back to top
international american supermarkets, 226 old new brunswick road, piscataway township, nj, 08854, usa

















































