







grant seafood festival






























































































cart
















0
















        information
      

        sponsors
      

        entertainment
      

        arts & crafts
      

        scholarship
      

        gallery
      



        be a sponsor
      



























































cart
















0











informationsponsorsentertainmentarts & craftsscholarshipgallery











be a sponsor









scroll






 

festival starts in

 my countdown 




 

mar. 1 ‘259am-7pmmar. 2 ‘259am-5pm











58th annual




















the grant seafood festival is a time honored tradition like none other but what really sets it apart is the total commitment from our community — the festival is run 100% by volunteers and many booths are made up of family members, often having several generations working along side one another. all organizing, purchasing, preparation, cooking and serving is accomplished by community members. we are proud of our community and this festival is a wonderful testament to that.all proceeds from the grant seafood festival are put back into the community of grant — our projects include the grant seafood festival scholarship fund, grant community library, grant historical house and the grant community center. so come enjoy some of the best seafood in florida while helping the community of grant and keeping the great tradition of the festival alive!free admission, free parking, over 150 crafters exhibiting, live continuous entertainment, along with a vast menu of delicious seafood makes this a weekend no one wants to miss!please note: no dogs (service dogs must wear vest or collar to distinguish) or other pets/animals, no coolers, no tents (canopies or pop-up tents), no umbrellas, no overnight parking.we do not accept food or drink vendors as all is done in house.see location, directions, things to do, and more








 

meet our sponsorswe rely on contributions from our volunteers, our community, and of course our many incredible sponsors! these sponsors achieved our highest levels of sponsorship; to see the full list of sponsors or to become one, please click the link below.

 


    learn more
  

 












 






























































































 

live entertainmentlive entertainment is a staple of the festival and every year we try to outdo the previous year! below is the lineup of performers for the 55th annual event — you can click the link below to see exact times for each artist. and be sure to catch the live music all weekend long!see the full schedule of entertainment here

  




featured

























luna pearl
































rios rockband
































eli mosley
































angel city
































let's groove tonight


































arts & crafts
be sure to stop by all the arts & crafts booths, a staple of the festival family!register to be an exhibitor



 


    see all activities
  

 






 









 

menu



fresh seafood is what the grant seafood festival is all about!  each booth is unique and steeped in tradition; many have several generations working side by side using time honored recipes.we accept most major credit and debit cards and have atm's on site for your convenience.  red ticket booths are located throughout the main festival grounds; all food and drink items range from 1 - 7 tickets. we do not accept food or drink vendors (all is done in house).

 

seafoodfish dinnerfish & shrimp tacoslinguini w/ clam sauceshrimp & gritsgrilled fish sandwichbeer battered fish sandwichlobster bisqueclam chowderseafood à la cartesteamed clamsraw oysterssteamed oysterspeel & eat shrimpcrawfish



seafood à la carteshrimp & tuna kabobsfried shrimpfried clam stripsfried scallopsfried calamariseared tunalobster rollsmoked fish dipconch saladgator bitesconch frittersdeviled crab cakeshush puppiessweet puppiescoleslaw



landlubbers boothhot dogshamburgerschicken nuggetsfrench friessweet potato frieschili cheese friesroasted kornsweetskey lime piecotton candyice creamstrawberry shortcakedrinkssoft drinkscoffeebeerwine

 




featured





































































































































































































































see more photos

  







 

get involved



besides attending the greatest family focused event around, sampling the marvelous food, and enjoying the live entertainment, there are other way to get involved with the festival and the city of grant. read below for a few ways you can take action to help keep great tradition of the grant seafood festival alive!

 

become a sponsorsponsorship has helped keep this community event going into now its 55th year. every year, we look for new opportunities to get this community and its businesses involved — and now it’s your turn!




    learn more
  



become an exhibitorour arts & crafts area is a tradition that attracts thousands of visitors to our festival each year. it features over 125 artisans from across florida and the country selling a variety of handmade, unique and creative items.




    learn more
  



apply for a scholarshipthe grant seafood festival and charles conway memorial scholarships are awarded on a competitive basis. click the link below to see if you qualify and to apply for the award itself. restrictions apply.




    learn more
  

 






countdown



home image 1



about



meet our sponsors



home image 2



entertainment mini



arts crafts mini



home image 3



menu



get involved










© 2024 grant seafood festival4580 1st streetgrant, florida 32949

















quick linkshomeinformationsponsorsentertainmentarts & craftsscholarshipgallerycontact



general inquiry(321) 327-8720contact formmail to:p.o. box 44grant, fl 32949















