





home - mccown & evans llp





















































 










menu





about
u.s. immigration

permanent visas
temporary visas


global migration
esports
news + resources
go green!
contact
 
scroll






mccown & evans llp


























guidance through the immigration journey 











mccown & evans llp represents companies and their employees in all areas of business immigration law
our clients include technology, media, scientific, engineering, research, industrial, manufacturing and financial institutions of all sizes throughout the united states and overseas.
mccown & evans llp provides a full range of u.s. and global immigration law services working as an extension of human resources departments or general counsels’ offices to manage a company’s immigration function. we work with our clients from beginning to end of the immigration process, including preparation of all types of nonimmigrant visa petitions, applications for permanent residence (“green cards”) and visas for countries around the world.  we counsel companies on personnel decisions, corporate immigration policies and procedures, h-1b and i-9 recordkeeping, and issues relating to recruitment and retention.
our goal is to provide superior client service at competitive legal fees.  from customized case status reports to 24/7 web access to our client management database, we use technology effectively to meet our clients’ needs.
kelly mccown and jeptha evans, the principals of mccown & evans llp, welcome inquiries from individuals and employers interested in representation for their u.s. and global immigration needs.  to request a consultation, click here.









it all starts here







temporary visas
learn about visas for work, study, training, investment and more.

learn more





permanent visas
learn about ways to become a lawful permanent resident (“green card” holder).

learn more





global migration
learn about strategies for managing a global workforce.

learn more










the latest immigration law news


more news & resources










impact of second trump administration on immigration


11 / 18 / 2024 





uscis announces second lottery to be conducted for fy2025…


07 / 30 / 2024 





global visa alternatives to the h-1b visa


04 / 29 / 2024 














would you like to receive our client newsletter? subscribe below.



email*



  










this iframe contains the logic required to handle ajax powered gravity forms.
 we will not share your information with anyone under any circumstance.  no mobile information will be shared with third parties/affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes. all other categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.  please see our privacy policies here: mccown & evans sms privacy policy
mccown & evans general privacy policy



questions about immigration issues? request a consultation


client login











mccown & evans llp


100 pine street, suite 1250,
							san francisco,
							ca
usa
94111
						t: (415) 432-5300







©2025 mccown & evans llp. all rights reserved.
site: cowieandfox






























