




travel insurance | get a quote and buy | travel guard





























































































travel insurance underwritten by national union fire insurance company of pittsburgh, pa.
















advisor connect






help center


contact us


800-826-5248


united states









toggle navigation






















get a quote


our plans


our plans


compare plan coverages


standard coverages


upgrades and bundles


faq


get a quote




education center


education center


video library




trip types


all trip types


adventure


business


cruise


flight insurance


golfing


hunting and fishing


international


rental car


single trip


ski


vacation rental


vacation insurance




traveler types


all traveler types


backpackers


family


female travelers


lgbtq+


pre-existing medical conditions


pregnant travelers


senior


solo


student




destinations


all destinations


africa & middle east


asia & pacific islands


europe


latin america


the caribbean


us & canada


mexico


australia




traveler resources


traveler resources


travel safety


travel news


travel tips




my policy tools


my policy tools


access my policy


modify my policy


file a claim


check claim status


vouchers & refunds




help & settings


help center


contact us


800-826-5248


united states


advisor connect































country of residence










our products and plans are tailored to fit your needs based on your country of residence. if you are not a us resident, please select your country of residence below to receive travel insurance plans tailored to your needs.
not a us resident?












 canada 
 hong kong 
 ireland
 israel
 italia
 malaysia
 singapore
 thailand
 uae








remain on travelguard.com (us) site


































advisor connect










welcome to advisor connect (formerly agentlink). log into our new user-friendly travel insurance plan booking platform. this enhanced platform has a full suite of tools designed to help our travel advisors and other travel guard partners quote and offer travel insurance plans to clients.




log in to advisor connect




need help?
if you are having problems logging in or can’t remember your username or password, please contact our travel guard tech support at 866-729-5215; monday - friday 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. cdt.




































do not sell or share my personal information










the california consumer privacy act gives california residents the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of their personal information. a “sale” is the exchange of personal information for payment or other valuable consideration and includes certain advertising and analytics practices. “sharing” means the disclosure of personal information for behavioral advertising purposes, where the information used to serve ads is collected across different online services.
opt-out from the sale or sharing of your personal information.
your request to opt out will be specific to the browser from which you submit your request, and you will need to submit another request from any other browser you use to access our website. additionally, if you clear cookies from your browser after submitting an opt-out request, you will clear the cookie that we use to honor your request. for this reason, you will have to submit a new opt-out request.
for information about our privacy practices, please review our privacy policy. 




































do not sell or share my personal information










thank you.
we have received your request to opt out of the sale/sharing of personal information..
more information about our privacy practices.




























 




































vacation should be enjoyable. be more prepared with a travel insurance plan.











destination country*if your upcoming trip involves multiple destinations, select the country where you will spend most of your time.



select
united states
albania
algeria
american samoa
andorra
angola
anguilla
antarctica
antigua and barbuda
argentina
armenia
aruba
australia
austria
azerbaijan
bahamas
bahrain
bangladesh
barbados
belgium
belize
benin
bermuda
bhutan
bolivia
bosnia & herzegovina
botswana
bouvet
brazil
brunei
bulgaria
burundi
cambodia
cameroon
canada
cape verde
caribbean
cayman islands
chad
chile
china
christmas islands
colombia
comoros
congo
cook islands
costa rica
cote d'ivoire
croatia
cyprus
czech republic
denmark
djibouti
dominica
dominican republic
east timor
ecuador
egypt
el salvador
equatorial guinea
eritrea
estonia
ethiopia
falkland islands (malvinas)
faroe islands
fiji
finland
france
french guiana
french polynesia
gabon
gambia
georgia
germany
ghana
gibraltar
greece
greenland
grenada
guadeloupe
guam
guatemala
guernsey
guinea
guinea-bissau
guyana
honduras
hong kong sar
hungary
iceland
india
indonesia
ireland
isle of man
israel
italy
jamaica
japan
jersey
jordan
kazakhstan
kenya
kiribati
kuwait
kyrgyzstan
laos
latvia
lesotho
liberia
liechtenstein
lithuania
luxembourg
macau sar
macedonia
madagascar
malawi
malaysia
maldives
malta
marshall islands
martinique
mauritania
mauritius
mayotte
mexico
micronesia, federated states of
moldova, republic of
monaco
mongolia
montenegro
montserrat
morocco
mozambique
namibia
nauru
nepal
netherlands
netherlands antilles
new caledonia
new zealand
nicaragua
niger
nigeria
niue
norfolk island
northern mariana islands
norway
oman
pakistan
palau
palestinian territory
panama
papua new guinea
paraguay
peru
philippines
pitcairn
poland
portugal
puerto rico
qatar
reunion
romania
rwanda
saint barthélemy
saint kitta & nevis
saint lucia
saint martin (french part)
saint vincent & the grenadines
samoa
san marino
sao tome & principe
saudi arabia
senegal
serbia
seychelles
sierra leone
singapore
sint maarten (dutch part)
slovakia
slovenia
solomon islands
south africa
south korea
spain
sri lanka
st. helena
st. pierre and miquelon
suriname
svalbard & jan mayen islands
swaziland
sweden
switzerland
taiwan
tajikistan
tanzania
thailand
tibet
togo
tokelau
tonga
trinidad & tobago
tunisia
turkey
turkmenistan
turks and caicos islands
tuvalu
uganda
united arab emirates
united kingdom
united states
united states minor outlying islands
uruguay
uzbekistan
vanuatu
vietnam
virgin islands (british)
virgin islands (us)
wallis and futuna
zambia
zimbabwe









the us government regulates travel to cuba. to purchase a policy for authorized travel to cuba, please contact our sanctioned countries hotline at 866.375.2546 for forms and additional details.
















departure date*











return date*
















what state do you live in?*




select
alabama
alaska
arizona
arkansas
armed forces americas
armed forces europe
armed forces pacific
california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
district of columbia
florida
georgia
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota
ohio
oklahoma
oregon
pennsylvania
rhode island
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virginia
washington
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming








all travelers must live in the state you select.










your initial payment date?*


<p>initial payment date refers to the first day that any money was paid for any part of your travel arrangements. this includes any monies paid to a travel agent, tour operator, or arrangements purchased directly by the traveler.</p>











get a quote















traveling this winter? what you need to know about winter storms and travel insurance coverage ›





















road trip games for the whole family ›
if you’re looking for ways to keep your family entertained on the road, we’ve got you covered with seven on-the-go games to play through your travels:











 























valerie joy wilson of trusted travel girl shares her experience involving an ambulance ride and emergency surgery in switzerland – and how travel guard was there to help.












travel guard plans and coverages




wherever you’re headed, one of our travel guard travel insurance plans may be just what you need to help protect your travel investment. take a look at our most popular plans below and customize the option that best fits your needs, or compare our plans side-by-side.











deluxe plan






the travel guard deluxe plan is our best travel insurance plan with the most coverages, global travel assistance and access to 24/7 emergency travel assistance services.







get a quote for the new deluxe plan









preferred plan






travel easy with our comprehensive travel insurance plan, the travel guard preferred plan. with new and expanded coverage, this plan may be the perfect travel companion. 
  







get a quote for the new preferred plan









essential plan






the travel guard essential plan is our budget-friendly travel insurance plan. this plan is perfect for business travel and domestic travel with basic coverages and benefit limits.







get a quote for the new essential plan















featured education center articles
what is travel insurance?  how does travel insurance work? when should i buy travel insurance? travel insurance checklist  which plan is right for me?









compare travel insurance plans from travel guard




compare plans









popular optional coverages








pre-existing medical condition exclusion waiver






on many travel guard policies, purchasing your travel insurance the same day you make your first trip deposit (or shortly after) may qualify you for the pre-existing medical condition exclusion waiver.
  







learn more about the pre-existing medical condition waiver









lodging expense benefit






the new lodging expense benefit may reimburse up to a total of $500 per person for certain additional lodging expenses, available to most new and existing policyholders who select travel guard’s preferred or deluxe travel insurance plans and indicate a destination outside the u.s.* *currently not available to new york residents.
  







learn more about lodging expense coverage









rental vehicle damage coverage






travel with more confidence knowing you have travel guard’s rental vehicle damage coverage insurance plan. it’s an affordable physical damage insurance plan for rental cars that may provide reimbursement for costs of repairs for damage to your rental car due to collision or vandalism, for example. better yet, this rental car insurance plan provides primary vehicle damage coverage.







learn more about car rental coverage















helping our customers around the world

















see how our team was able to help cynthia and her husband, louis, during a medical situation they experienced while traveling in antarctica. we are incredibly proud of our team of medical assistance coordinators and the valuable work they do every day to assist our customers around the world with minor medical issues to life-threatening events.














why choose travel guard?











 




best travel insurance




aig travel was awarded top honors by forbes advisor in their best travel insurance providers list for consumers. out of 15 travel insurance companies ranked by the financial news outlet, aig travel came in first, based on a rigorous, data-driven methodology.









 




online quotes & coverage




is your trip coming up quickly? interested in getting a quote? with our online product comparison tool, just answer a few questions about your trip and we will provide you with a quote for our most popular plans.









 




24 hour concierge




we make sure our customers receive not only superior trip insurance coverage but also a lifeline when away from home. next time there is an emergency or delay, we can help you find a new flight. expenses incurred from third-party vendors for assistance services not part of a filed insurance plan are the responsibility of the traveler.












travel guard reviews






















see all reviews  > 






















travel insurance plans that meet your needs.




get a quote











testimonials




wherever you’re headed, one of our travel guard travel insurance plans may be just what you need to help protect your travel investment. take a look at our most popular plans below and customize the option that best fits your needs, or compare our plans side-by-side.











claims






thank you very much for your favorable consideration of our claims. i was planning on driving my mom back up north to her home today but was delayed due to nasty weather conditions. imagine our delight to find our travel refund checks in the mailbox today! this will help fund our return trip to wisconsin! thank you again!







kathy and marilyn









sickness






my wife and i were enjoying a vacation to barbados when she became ill. after a couple of trips to the clinic in barbados we decided to cut our trip short. travel guard took care of everything they said they would in a very timely manner. i have used travel guard many times and i would highly recommend them to everyone!







gary y.









bag trak®






i am flying to a photography workshop in florence, italy. but, during a layover in amsterdam, i became very ill and had to be taken to a hospital for a week. my luggage went on to florence without me and your staff was able to track it down and get it returned to mobile, al.
  







laure w.










read more testimonials









partner with travel guard




when you partner with travel guard, our exceptional customer care will exceed your expectations and those of your customers.




offer travel guard











frequently asked questions








is a travel insurance plan worth getting?







just another expense, right? wrong. a travel insurance plan can cover you for unexpected costs incurred before or during your trip so that expenses can be less likely to come out of your own pocket. a vacation insurance plan from travel guard helps to protect your trip investment with coverages like trip cancellation and interruption, medical expense and evacuation, lost or delayed baggage and more.
as a bonus - most travel insurance plans also include 24/7 emergency assistance services to re-book flights and hotels on your behalf and act as a personal travel assistant while you are away from home.
compare our plans










how much does a travel insurance plan cost?







the cost of travel insurance is based, in most cases, on the value of the trip and the age of the traveler. typically, the cost is five to seven percent of the trip cost. you can get a free quote for your personalized travel insurance plan or call our representatives at 800-826-5248.










when is it too late to buy a travel insurance plan?







insurance can be purchased up to 24 hours prior to your trip departure date.
compare our plans










what’s the best way to purchase my travel insurance plan?







you can purchase a policy either online, or through a representative at our call center. you can purchase online here and you will be guided through our product comparison tool. to purchase over the phone, call our representatives at 800-826-5248.










can i get travel insurance if i am not on a cruise, tour, or traveling by plane?







you bet! we offer an assortment of travel insurance plans for a variety of travel needs.
compare our plans










if i use frequent flyer miles to purchase a ticket, do i include the regular cost of the ticket as part of my trip cost?







please be careful when using frequent flyer miles to calculate your trip cost. travel insurance typically covers the cash value of non-refundable travel expenses. in other words, money you can’t get back from your airline or other travel provider. frequent flyer miles are not covered as it’s difficult to determine their cash value.
compare our plans










what do i need to have to purchase an insurance plan online?







let’s make this easy! before purchasing, please have the following information handy:

personal information for all travelers who will be on the policy
trip details: dates of travel, destination, initial deposit date, final payment date, and any travel companies you will be using
total trip cost and how that cost is broken down per person in your itinerary.

compare our plans


















read our full faqs >









not a resident of a us state or the district of columbia?










 canada 
 hong kong 
 ireland
 israel
 italia
 malaysia
 singapore 
 thailand 
 uae

















the us government, through the office of foreign assets control (ofac), regulates travel to the destination you have selected. to purchase this policy, you will need to mail travel guard a paper application for insurance, a cuba travel compliance certification (travel guard version) and, if you are traveling under a specific ofac license, additional documentation. please contact our sanctioned countries hotline at 866.375.2546 for forms and additional details.



















questions?
call us at: 800-826-5248









travel guard on facebook travel guard on linkedin travel guard's you tube channel
 
     














travel insurance education center our plans compare plans coverage information frequently asked questions get a quote non-us residents covid information 









traveler resources travel safety travel news travel tips 









travel guard about us contact us press releases careers sell travel guard affiliate program media contact









self service help center get a quote view my policy modify my policy cancellations & refunds claims strike list alert list certificate of insurance library 















copyright © 2025, travel guard. non insurance services are provided by travel guard. terms of use   |   privacy policy   |  accessibility statement   |   our underwriter  |   do not sell or share my personal information  |  about aig ads  |  cookie policy
 
coverage available to residents of u.s. states and the district of columbia only. this plan provides insurance coverage that only applies during the covered trip. similar travel insurance coverage, offered by travel guard or another insurance provider, may be available through a variety of other sources, but may be subject to different terms and conditions (i.e. benefits, limits, exclusions, etc.). you may wish to compare the terms and conditions of this policy with those of your existing life, health, home and automobile insurance policies, as well as any other coverage which you may already have or is available to you, including through other insurers, as a member of an organization, or through your credit card program(s). if you have any questions about your current coverage, call your insurer or insurance agent or broker. coverage is offered by travel guard group, inc. (travel guard). california lic. no.0b93606, 3300 business park drive, stevens point, wi 54482, www.travelguard.com. ca doi toll free number: 800-927-help. this is only a brief description of the coverage(s) available. the policy will contain reductions, limitations, exclusions and termination provisions. insurance underwritten by national union fire insurance company of pittsburgh, pa., a pennsylvania insurance company, with its principal place of business at 1271 avenue of the americas, 37th fl, new york, ny 10020-1304. it is currently authorized to transact business in all states and the district of columbia. naic no. 19445. coverage may not be available in all states. travel assistance services provided by travel guard.


























