





























stowe, vt bed and breakfast :: #1 in tripadvisor





































 















home
|
blog
(802) 253-6282
facebook
google review
pinterest
instagram
youtube




welcome

in the press and awards
about stone hill inn
inn policies
photo gallery
innkeepers
gift certificates
blog
map & directions


rooms & rates

rooms & rates
mansfield suite
west branch
fiddlehead
white birch
catamount
sterling
cotton brook
sugar maple
moss glen
the notch (ada)
property map (pdf)


specials & packages

specials & packages
additional indulgences
massage treatments
romantic outings
gift certificates


dining

breakfast
signature drinks
recipes
dining out in stowe, vermont


celebrations

weddings & elopements
honeymoons
proposals
anniversaries
birthdays
babymoons


plan your stay

our local digital guidebook ->
activities


reservations
 


  





a romantic luxury inn for couples in stowe vermont

(802) 253-6282 | 
				check availability







home



slip away to a luxurious retreat with unmatched service, perfect for a romantic getaway or special occasion.
our stowe, vt bed and breakfast is a quiet, nine-acre refuge for couples surrounded by the vermont woods, yet only 5 minutes away from restaurants and quintessential new england culture in stowe. a welcoming place to catch your breath, to take some time to celebrate life…together.
stone hill inn is rated five stars or “excellent” by 1,230+ reviews travelers and ranked #1 b&b in stowe.
book direct for the best experience and the best rate!
more about our luxury stowe b&b

2024 marked the 25th anniversary of our adult-only inn!
king beds, luxury baths with double jacuzzi, and fireplaces in every room
sunlit breakfasts in a 40-window dining room with 14-foot ceilings
have a food allergy or restriction? we gladly accommodate aip, gluten-free, paleo, vegetarian, vegan, and other dietary requests.
enjoy a mimosa at breakfast & your favorite beer (local vermont craft beer on tap), wine, and champagne by the fireplace every evening.
only nine minutes to world-class skiing and snowboarding at mt. mansfield
an award-winning year-round destination, discover ballooning, kayaking, zip lining, white water rafting, fall foliage, and more! tripadvisor names stowe as the #1 leaf viewing destination in the united states. travel + leisure says, “stowe is, without question, the quintessential new england ski experience. the charming town looks like something out of a hallmark movie, with a local attitude to match.”
garden and waterfall venues for vermont elopements and small weddings
2021 and 2020 “best of the best” travelers’ choice  winner – tripadvisor’s highest honor. we’re in the top 1% of hotels worldwide, included in the top 25 inns / b&bs in the united states.
named “best romantic getaway” by yankee magazine for their best of new england editors’ choice awards may/june 2017
featured destination for couples by cardrates.com and romantic dates and elopements by datingadvice.com
couples retreat editors’ choice award by datingnews.com 2021 and tripsavvy best-of-the-best for travel 2020
included as top 10 new england inn/lodging for in-room fireplaces twice – once by tripsavvy and by visitnewengland
award-winning property – traveler’s choice/certificate of excellence on tripadvisor every year since 2011
winner of the tripadvisor hall of fame award, recognizing properties that earned the certificate of excellence award for at least five years in a row. stone hill inn has won for thirteen years. explore more accolades and awards.






 

 


			2024 best bed and breakfast
	




	download our local digital guidebook



	stowe events


explore actitivites for foodies, art lovers, adventurers, and romantics


sept. 20 - 22, 2024:british invasion
area news


enjoy stowe's newest restaurants: gallus hand crafted pasta in the historic waterbury mill and nocturnal, southern style bbq.


couples retreat that rejuvenates relationshipsread this incredibly well-written article about stone hill inn as a featured travel destination!


	view our brochure

 
 










			
 



"if you want to escape the stresses of every day life, then stone hill should be your number one destination."

- massachusetts escapees, 30 stays at stone hill 


 
"stone hill inn is probably the best bed and breakfast on earth!"

- emily a, massachusetts


 
"adult-only, utterly tranquil...exceeds disney in terms of attention to detail and uncompromising focus on quality."

- ewan m, glenmont, new york 


 
“this is truly an inn but with owners who provide all the best parts of a b&b experience.”

- jason p


 
“my advice is to stop searching for a b&b, just stay at the wonderful stone hill inn!”

- garyj384, oklahoma city, oklahoma





 




our rooms
breakfast
weddings & elopements
the inn
plan your stay
blog
reservations



stone hill inn

kristie and todd roling

89 houston farm road, 
						stowe, 
						vt,
						05672


(802) 253-6282
stonehillinn.com
stay@stonehillinn.com


© 2025 stone hill inn  | privacy policy






reservations













