


super-bee truck accessories - the coolest truck accessories in canada






 





home | about us | contact us




the coolest truck  accessories
800.661.8789

super-bee
truck accessories ltd.












home
vendors
dealer info
our other sites








the coolest truck accessories!
 


shop online
for truck accessories that we're warehouse distributor for such as lift & lower kits, led lighting, custom hoods and other cool truck accessories you can go to our online store. 
                    online store entrance


dealer entrance
if you have a dealer account with us and want to find the coolest truck accessories for your customers then this advanced search tool will make your life easier. user name and password required.
                        dealer entrance





truck accessories in wetaskiwin
 here at super-bee truck accessories we have what you want for your truck accessory needs. we are one of central alberta's most established truck accessory stores having been founded in 1993. we are a warehouse distributor for several custom truck accessory product lines and specialize in lifted truck suspensions, lowering kits, high performance & led lighting, cowl & ram air hoods & other cool truck accessories. of course we also sell running boards, bed covers, tool boxes, exterior trim, performance parts, towing products and wheel & tire packages. and if we don't have it in stock we can get it for you, usually the next day. 

great body enhancements

your truck is your statement. it might be your office, it might be your weekend toy, or it might be your daily driver, but what you do to it makes a statement about what you like. no matter if it's a custom hood, a replacement grill, or full colour-match  treatment, state what you like as you drive down the streets or through the trails.
check out more body upgrades



contractors

your truck is your office and an important part of your life. when your truck is properly rigged up your life is easier, when it's not then it's frustrating. we have what you need to make your work life easier and more productive. everything from toolboxes and storage solutions to headache racks and other ways to carry your load to the protection your truck needs to keep it working as hard as you do.
for contractor's work trucks



bed covers & protection

a good part of the reason you're driving a truck is for the storage room in the box. and keeping the contents safe and dry are as important preventing damage to your investments. with the huge selection of bed covers ranging from soft covers to hard rolling covers and protection items like bedliners, rail caps and we have the largest selection of all the bed cover and protection needs around.
check them out.



running boards, steps & mudflaps

no matter if you're needing a set of running boards to protect the finish on your truck or steps to make it easier for your family to get in and out we have all the solutions to your truck's needs. and did you know that alberta law requires all trucks to have a set of mudflaps to prevent stones from your tires being thrown at other vehicles. i'm sure you know that every dealer has their favorite products to suit your truck but we are here to suit your needs, not just the easy generic solution that the dealer wants to sell.
some finishing touches for you truck.



exterior trim

outfitting your truck is about more than just making it suit your needs. it's also about making it your personal statement. we have everything from window visors to billet emblems to make your statement about your choices that represent your personality. our sales staff can help you decide what products best meet your styling needs and to properly show people that you know what you like and are proud to show it off.
click to find trim for your truck.



performance parts

so you want to go fast? well join the club. it doesn't matter if you just want a bit of better mileage with the added benefit of the extra power from a high flow air filter or if you're looking to send your truck down the track with help from a tuner, exhaust system and high flow intake. we can make your truck do what you need it to.
to make your truck perform better.



lighting

we are one of canada's leaders in high performance lighting. our focus on providing the newest led lighting products to the market have resulted in us having some of the newest and best lighting product lines in the country. we stock thousands of aftermarket lighting products from headlights and taillights to led light bars and other super-bright lighting products.
check out more lighting



interior accessories

when you're in your truck it's your office and your home. make it functional and keep it protected with everything from floor liners to keep it looking factory fresh to seat covers to interior lighting upgrades to seat heaters to keep you comfortable on those cold winter mornings.
for the interior.



towing products

when you use your truck to tow you need the best hitches and towing accessories at the best prices. we have installed hundreds of fifth wheel hitches and other towing packages over the years and are experts in trailer wiring and diagnosis. trust us with all of your towing needs.
do you haul a trailer? have an rv?



suspension

we have more experience in lifted and lowered suspension than nearly anybody else in canada. we have been selling and installing performance suspension systems for over 20 years and have the most knowledgeable staff around. from bds and zone lift kits to belltech, djm and mcgaughys lowering kits. we stock the best parts around. airlift load support rounds off our product lineup to make your suspension system works the best.
find more suspension products



wheels & tires

nothing sets your ride apart from the rest like a set of custom wheels and tires. upgrading your wheels to a bigger rim size also makes sense in alberta. run your factory wheels with winter tires when needed and look great with some big wheels when the weather is great.
shiny new wheels.



non-automotive

a few years ago we started marketing non-automotive parts such as hoverboards and android tv boxes. we have had a great deal of success and have expanded the product line to include other popular consumer electronics and leisure items. we’ve made it easy to shop all of these popular products on one website.
cool, non-automotive products.



quality installations

no matter if it's a suspension lift or a set of headlights, we have the installation experience that sets us apart from the crowd. with over 50 combined years of technical knowlegde we can solve the problems that others can't and provide quick convienient installations.
we offer expertise in wiring and electrical solutions for installing custom products on late-model vehicles and the mechanical skills to install the products that we sell 

check out our shop






 advanced  lookup
 search by part number
search by supplier
search by vehicle
sales items
clearance parts


our services
our location
installations
our staff
our history
documents
 
did you know that we have our own line of led light bars? sbx parts led light bars offer three year warranty at great pricing. click here for more details.
we stock a huge selection of recon lighting products and offer the best pricing this side of the border. head over to gorecon.ca to check it all out.
do you shop online on us sites? if you do, we can save you a lot of money and headaches. if we are not already cheaper we can usually price-match deals you find on our usa competitors. give us a call or drop an email.



our ratings and reviews from google plus













        copyright © 2008 - 2025 super-bee truck accessories ltd. all rights reserved
    

privacy policy | terms of use | faq's






