



















front page | continuing studies



















































      skip to main content
    
















enter your keywordssearch








menu






secondary menu


student login


instructor login




shopping cart.














continuing studies programs






main navigation



professional certificates


                    open professional certificates submenu
                  






business / finance




human resources




legal




management




six sigma / lean




technology solutions




other training




special programs







nonprofit management


                    open nonprofit management submenu
                  






nonprofit certificate individual classes




nonprofit certificate intensive track




executive certificate in nonprofit leadership




teaching opportunities







osher lifelong learning


                    open osher lifelong learning submenu
                  






current member hub




frequently asked questions




policies







pre-college


                    open pre-college submenu
                  






summer programs




year-round programs




work for us







university classes


                    open university classes submenu
                  






undergraduate coursework




graduate coursework




auditing courses




duke employee tuition rates
























featured programpre-collegepre-college courses aim to give students an early introduction to college expectations and career readiness. explore new possibilities and take your academic journey beyond the classroom with duke pre-college courses and summer programs. learn more about this program













online courses | auditing a course | duke employees | about continuing studies programs | search courses






























































professional developmentwhether you are looking to upgrade skills in your current field or looking for training in a whole new area, our professional certificates can help you take that next step on your career track. our programs are designed with the needs of working adults in mind, with evening and weekend class sessions and at a moderate cost. join an energetic, committed peer network in classes taught by seasoned professionals and gain a credential that makes you stand out in today’s changing and competitive workplace. read more about our professional certificate programs








professional certificate programs


  
data analyticsmodern business software produces mountains of data; it is up to the professional to examine it and draw meaningful conclusions. this entirely online… read more » about data analytics
 
legal nurse consulting programthe legal nurse consulting program is designed for the registered nurse (rn) interested in learning how to apply their nursing acumen for analysis of… read more » about legal nurse consulting program
 
tackling bias and creating inclusionactively tackling bias in the workplace helps build better organizations … and better people. if you want to unleash the true potential of your… read more » about tackling bias and creating inclusion
 
supply chain management basicsas the supply chain grows in complexity, and companies increasingly source products and services from a more diverse and global set of suppliers, the… read more » about supply chain management basics
 
essentials of human resourcesnow offered in the evenings in five, online, virtual (live) sessions!

created by, and offered in partnership with the society for human resources… read more » about essentials of human resources
 
lean six sigma yellow beltthis program, offered in partnership with mindedge, provides information to those interested in learning the strategies, techniques, and concepts of… read more » about lean six sigma yellow belt
 
small business managementthis program, offered in partnership with mindedge, provides learners with a fundamental understanding of the most critical areas of knowledge needed… read more » about small business management
 
entrepreneurshipthis online certificate program, offered in partnership with mindedge, introduces key issues in entrepreneurship for those looking to start a… read more » about entrepreneurship
 
management skillssuccessful managers know the importance of building strong relationships with their team members. this entirely online, self-paced program, offered… read more » about management skills
 
business communicationthis curriculum provides the tools and training to be able to communicate persuasively and critically in the workplace. these self-paced, online… read more » about business communication
 
finance essentialsthis online certificate program, offered  in partnership with mindedge, introduces non-financial managers to the essentials of finance. the… read more » about finance essentials
 
online learning certificatethis self-paced, online certificate, offered in partnership with mindedge, is designed for individuals who seek an introduction to the process of… read more » about online learning certificate
 
diversity & inclusion in human resources managementorganizations are stronger and more resilient when the have a diverse group of employees and a culture of inclusion. this program, offered in… read more » about diversity & inclusion in human resources management
 
developing leadersthe developing leaders course offered in partnership with corporate education group (ceg) is designed to equip mid-level managers and leaders of… read more » about developing leaders
 
human resource management
  
  
              



      


now offered on tuesday, evenings 6:00-9:00pm est via zoom.*designed for human resource professionals committed to… read more » about human resource management
 
ace your job searchdesigned for individuals seeking employment, this online, three-part course, offered in partnership with mindedge (me), focuses on career planning,… read more » about ace your job search
 
paralegal classroom programthis certificate program, offered in partnership with the institute of career development (icd), is designed for individuals who are seeking a career… read more » about paralegal classroom program
 
embracing ai for legal professionalsembracing ai for legal professionals, offered in partnership with the institute of career development (icd), is designed to equip… read more » about embracing ai for legal professionals
 
project management ce programthis program, offered in partnership with mindedge, is designed for current project management professionals® who need to earn their 60 pdus in order… read more » about project management ce program
 
business analysis - onlinethis self-paced program, offered in partnership with corporate education group (ceg), is available 24/7 providing you with the flexibility to train… read more » about business analysis - online
 
lean six sigma green beltthis program, offered in partnership with mindedge, and six sigma black belts, is inclusive of all topics covered by the international association… read more » about lean six sigma green belt
 
inclusive leadersthe inclusive leaders course offered in partnership with corporate education group (ceg) is designed for mid-level managers, hr professionals,… read more » about inclusive leaders
 
innovation & critical thinkingbecause organizations must innovate to stay alive in today's highly competitive marketplace, organizations need employees who can channel their… read more » about innovation & critical thinking
 
paralegal online program
  
  
              



      


this certificate program, offered in partnership with the institute of career development (icd), is designed for… read more » about paralegal online program
 
salesforce administrator certification prep
  
  
              



      


salesforce administrator certification prep is an immersive virtual learning program designed to equip students… read more » about salesforce administrator certification prep
 
data sciencethis online, self-paced program, offered in partnership with simplilearn, is designed to help students learn the principles of… read more » about data science
 
human resources ce courses online
  
  
              



      




designed for the human resource (hr) professional seeking to stay current within the industry, these online, self… read more » about human resources ce courses online
 
digital marketing specialistthe field of digital marketing is constantly changing. duke's digital marketing specialist program, offered in partnership with simplilearn,… read more » about digital marketing specialist
 
emerging leadersthe emerging leaders course in partnership with corporate education group(ceg) is designed to guide and support recently promoted managers or… read more » about emerging leaders


previousnext






















nonprofit management training



















 

 














nonprofit certificate individual classesthe duke university nonprofit management program curriculum offers a structured and rigorous grounding in the establishment, operation, and continuation of a successful nonprofit... read more »about the nonprofit certificate individual classes














 

 














nonprofit certificate intensive track
hundreds of participants from across the country take part in the intensive track program designed to give nonprofit professionals the skills and expertise needed to succeed in... read more »about the nonprofit certificate intensive track














 

 














executive certificate in nonprofit leadership
the executive certificate in nonprofit leadership is a comprehensive program that offers experienced nonprofit professionals the opportunity to increase their capacity for... read more »about the executive certificate in nonprofit leadership



















what’s new at olli



animals in colored pencilmondays, 11:00am to 1:00pm


family history discoverythursdays, 3:30pm to 4:45pm


the world todaywednesdays, 11:00am to 12:30pm


pet portraits in colored pencilstuesdays, 11:00am to 1:00pm



see all olli courses















osher lifelong learning institute
the osher lifelong learning institute at duke seeks to engage the minds, elevate the spirit and foster the wellbeing of our members through a wide range of educational programs and opportunities for volunteer service and social activities. we embrace duke university’s commitment to community service and lifelong learning through our collaborative work with academic and professional groups, retirement communities, various research projects on aging, and other institutes for learning in retirement.

 




















pre-college programs



















 

 














on-campus coursesexperience learning at duke. during pre-college on-campus programs, students enjoy an unforgettable academic experience.... read more »














 

 














online coursesenjoy the duke experience from home through duke pre-college’s online program. study a topic of interest and connect with a global network of peers... read more »about the nonprofit certificate intensive track














 

 














duke university marine lablocated on the coast of north carolina, the duke marine lab offers a unique interactive experience for pre-college participants.... read more »about the executive certificate in nonprofit leadership














 

 














summer for-credit coursesare you a current 10th or 11th grade student (2024-2025 school year) who is interested in earning college credit this summer? read more »about the executive certificate in nonprofit leadership
















university coursework
 



duke employees and area residents who wish to take courses in the arts and sciences for credit on a non-degree basis, or as an auditor, do so through duke’s office of continuing studies. the director of academic services for continuing studies students is kim price; she may be contacted at kprice@duke.edu or (919) 684-5375.non-degree undergraduate studies - taking duke undergraduate courses for credit on a non-degree basisnon-degree graduate studies - taking duke graduate courses for credit on a non-degree basisauditing - taking duke courses on a non-credit basis. instructor permission requiredduke employee tuition rates - information for duke employees wanting to take for credit or audit undergraduate courses at reduced tuition rates











duke employee?
in terms of academic programs, medicine, and research, duke university
ranks as one of the
leading universities in
the world. the special
employee tuition
rate program is
designed to make
duke’s academic
coursework more
accessible...
learn more about
duke employee
tuition rates







































 





 

 
box 90700
durham, nc 27708
phone: 919.684.6259
learnmore@duke.edu




advanced course search
about us
staff directory
privacy policy
severe weather policy







professional certificates
nonprofit management
osher lifelong learning
pre-college programs
university classes
request information







student login
instructor login
make a payment





























professional certificates


business / finance


business communication


data analytics


digital media & marketing


entrepreneurship


finance essentials


innovation & critical thinking


management skills


small business management




human resources


ce courses online


essentials of human resources


human resource management


diversity & inclusion in human resources management




legal


legal nurse consulting


legal nurse consulting program


legal nurse consulting as a career




paralegal studies


paralegal classroom program


paralegal online program






management


management accounting (cma)


management training


business analysis


online




developing leaders


emerging leaders


inclusive leaders


tackling bias and creating inclusion




project management ce program


supply chain management




six sigma / lean


lean six sigma green belt


lean six sigma yellow belt




technology solutions


data science


digital media & marketing


online learning certificate




other training


ace your job search




special programs




nonprofit management


nonprofit certificate individual classes


nonprofit certificate intensive track


executive certificate in nonprofit leadership


teaching opportunities




osher lifelong learning


current member hub


in-person guide


online learning guide


finding course links and recordings




our leadership


special interest groups


volunteer opportunities




frequently asked questions


policies




pre-college


summer programs


on-campus courses


marine lab courses


online courses


eligibility & registration


scholarships and financial aid


technology requirements


policies


faq




year-round programs


2025 community days




work for us




university classes


undergraduate coursework


graduate coursework


auditing courses


duke employee tuition rates




student login


my cart


instructor login






















































