








marquette mountain resort



















































toggle navigationwinterlift ticketsseason passeslessonsrentalsadult race leaguegroups & programsthe mountainhourstrail maplift & terrain statussafety & conductfaqslive trail viewdininglive musiceventscalendarweddingsbusiness meetingsabout usour storybloghourscontact uscareersshop(906) 225-11554501 m-553
marquette, mi 49855

 skip to content



(906) 225-1155hourscontact uscareersshopfacebookinstagramyoutubetoggle navigationwinterlift ticketsseason passeslessonsrentalsadult race leaguegroups & programsthe mountainhourstrail maplift & terrain statussafety & conductfaqslive trail viewdininglive musiceventscalendarweddingsbusiness meetingsabout usour storyblog
 





marquette mountain resortdooley2024-12-10t12:37:16-05:00 
welcome to winterpurchase your season pass today!buy your season passseason passeslift ticketsrentalslessonstrail mapexperience the northwoods at marquette mountain resort.we offer four seasons of adventure and natural beauty. whether you prefer slopes or trails, capture spectacular views of lake superior and cozy up to the fire with family and friends. located just minutes from downtown marquette, michigan.
year-round accessexperience adventure every season! we are here for your enjoyment, snow or shine.
full service barvisit the tbar to enjoy our unique atmosphere overlooking the mountain. get to know our beloved patrons at the bar or crack a cold one by the fire.
superior viewstake your time and take in the views! our lifts operate year-round for you to enjoy the beautiful city of marquette and lake superior.
special eventshave a special event coming up? schedule your wedding, party, or business meeting at our scenic venue.
purchase your vip all-access superior pass today!marquette mountain resort offers several season pass options, including the mountain access pass for biking and hiking, and the mountain & lift access pass for full trail and lift access during operating hours. for year-round access and exclusive benefits, the vip superior all-access pass covers both summer and winter seasons.
order season passesupdates from the mountainmore newsexplore the trails with snowshoe rentals at marquette mountainlooking for a new way to enjoy the beauty of marquette this winter? our snowshoe rentals make exploring the great outdoors at your own pace easy.
marquette mountain featured in the north wind celebrating ski racing and community we’re thrilled to have our adult ski race league featured in the north wind! the article highlights the camaraderie [...]
winterfest 2025  join us feb 7-9 for winterfest 2025! we’re embracing the best of winter with an exciting lineup of events, activities, and specials at [...]




 
 
contact us
blog
join our team
contact us                  blog               join our team
marquette mountain resort llc
4501 m-553
marquette, mi 49855
(906) 225-1155
dangerous to come, hard to leave

 
 
page load link

 









go to top




