



hauntrepreneurs - themed attraction design & consulting hauntrepreneurs





































































homeabout
our process
store
welcome to hauntrepreneurs.com
what people are saying about hauntrepreneurs!
event consulting
design services

what past clients say about hauntrepreneurs
on site day rate


haunting education

haunted attraction design articles

haunt design: sight follows fright
how-to create effective scares for your haunted attraction
leonard pickel helps martha stewart design and build a haunted house
room design videos

effective scares technique discussion


the triangular grid system: how to

origins of the triangular grid system
the triangular grid system: how to
the triangular grid system: how to – continued


designing a fright attraction from the inside out
haunt design do’s and don’ts by leonard pickel – wchc may 2020
haunt design: sight follows fright
designing from the inside out
full contact haunting: the next big thing or the end of haunting as we know it?
fright attraction design from the inside out!
common haunting mistakes and how to fix them
advanced haunted house design seminar
attraction design: art or science?
the art of the scare: horror nights shockumentary
10 secrets about room escape businesses nobody will tell you
how pros design a haunted house
making a pro haunted house
the art of executing a proper haunted house: designing a nightmare
‘darkitecture’: the art and psychology of haunted house design
how to design haunted houses


haunted attraction how-to articles

some of the biggest reasons a sponsorship fails
what’s killing haunted houses
how to make money with a haunted house
logo design philosophy 101 by rogues hollow productions
making your home a hit this halloween


opening a haunted house articles

dreams of haunting
getting started seminar outline
haunting profitability

haunting profitability – part #2
haunting profitability – part #3


haunting with covid 19
hiring haunted house actors
so, you want to open a haunted house?
so, you want to open a haunted house?
employee vs. volunteer
scaring people in 2020: haunting in the wake of covid-19 by leonard pickel – wchc may 2020
timed ticketing: the future of haunting

timed ticketing: the future of haunting – part 2


hiring haunted house actors (continued)
how to make money with a haunted house
q&a with “hauntrepreneur” leonard pickel
haunted house safety regulations ibc and nfpa code
the business of fear
13 steps to operating a successful halloween event
how to make money with a haunted house

making money with a haunted house


the very first things to do when starting a haunted event
big bucks scaring people!
haunting on a budget
it’s just a haunted house, how hard could it be?
top 5 things you need to know to succeed in the haunted house business!

top 5 things you need to know to succeed in the haunted house business!


your website is screwing up your event
copyright and trademark for haunters


haunting “state of the union”

haunted houses: a $300 million dollar industry


youtube u

leonard pickel interview by fear expo


other articles of interest


free cost estimate
used haunts for sale

for rent mayhem manor (r) 1,400 sf house themed haunt
lower price! 8,100 sf three haunt scream park
zombie paintball busses and equipment
list your attraction
sold attractions!

2 story victorian farm house facade – new listing
2018 abandoned tenement
2018 haunted attraction
2018 legend of the boogeyman
2018 prison: break out
22,000 sf three haunt package – sold
3 story tower asylum themed facade – new listing
3,400 sf chromadepth 3d haunted attraction
8,600 sf asylum themed haunted house
factory themed 3d tent unit with facade – new listing!
grimstone manor
haunted estate
haunted manor – 13 room custom
knightmare mansion
mirror maze
reduced price! – 3,600sf mixed theme haunted house
reduced: 9,000sf custom haunted walk-through and 9,000sf 18 hole blacklight mini-golf course, plus tools, pallet shelving and more!
scare fair in 3d
scream reapers haunted manor
shock walk
sold – 2,300 sf haunted chateau
sold – 2,300 sf zombie themed attraction
the chamber of horrors
victorian house themed tent unit with facade – new listing!
year round haunted attraction/pirate museum business
zombie attack paintball add-on
zombie house custom 30 room walk-through
4,000 sf stuartizm 3d haunt
haunted theater attraction
large 6,000 sf haunted house, with unique custom panel system
sale pending! haunted manor 4,000 sf victorian
sold! 6,600sf 2 attraction package with carnival games
2017 doll factory themed haunted attraction
2017 hospital themed “pitch-black” style haunted attraction
2017 phryte wing haunted hospital
2017 manor themed haunted attraction
area 51 scare zone – carnival trailer haunt
asylum themed 40×80 tent unit with facade – new listing!
haunted hollow outdoor trail attraction – new listing!
haunted manor 4,000 sf victorian
terror business for sale – new listing!
frighthouse
frightmare package
ultimate terrors – 3 haunt package

attraction name (#1):  skull manor
attraction name (#2):  3d chaos
attraction name (#3): code blue
extras!


castle of carnage
hearse with animatronics




haunt funding
pickel biography

leonard pickel bio

leonard pickel presume’
2021 interview with leonard pickel


presentation resume

architectural presentation
personal resume




press release

bizfluent article
martha stewart turned me into a zombie!

leonard pickel on martha stewart’s haunted house tv show
leonard pickel on the martha stewart show
the final touches to martha’s haunted house


scare zone article – march 22nd, 2012
imbp page for leonard pickel
haunt jaunts article
hauntrepreneur extraordinaire
remembering march of dimes haunted houses of the 1980’s
spoiler alert! halloween is not second only to christmas in retail spending
washington post article: halloween costs can be scary. here are smart and creative ways to save.
haunted house magazine article – 2011
mitchel properties article – 10/13/2011
new york times article – october 24, 2008
scare house article – april 05, 2012
behind the scenes of the martha stewart haunted house – 2007
leonard pickel’s slideshare page


project photo gallery

1992 mayhem manor haunted-house myrtle beach, sc
abandoned tenement themed haunt with crossover hallway
bethlem sanatorium, perth australia
dr. evil’s alien themed attraction for morris costumes
dr. evil’s asylum for morris costumes
farm house haunted attraction
forced perspective facade gallery
haunted hotel dark ride, pavilion, myrtle beach, sc
kandy haunted house at the playboy mansion
mirror maze for ellen’s game of games
pirate museum in galveston texas
prison: breakout
six flags st. louis slaughterhouse haunt
spaceship themed 6 room escape game/tradeshow booth
the dark mansion, panama city, panama
mazed and confused mirror maze
inflatable haunted attraction
martha stewart turned me into a zombie!
spooky haunted mayfield manor in galveston, texas


books and drawings for sale
client list
contact us
sitemap

 







search for:










welcome to hauntrepreneurs.com

posted : april 7th, 2022
posted in uncategorized
no comments

>hauntrepreneurs themed attraction design and consulting
“it’s just a haunted house… how hard can it be?” creating a frightening attraction that provides high entertainment quality while maintaining a profitable capacity that adheres to local building codes while sticking to a tight budget is not as easy as it sounds. what you don’t know about owning/operating a haunted attraction could put you out of business before you even open. read more
haunting profitability
so you drove past a local haunted attraction at 9pm on the saturday before halloween, counted the number of people in line, multiplied that by the ticket price and the number of days in october and got the idea that “haunted houses are a gold mine!” but is haunting really a get rich quick scheme? read more
timed ticketing: the future of haunting
when i first starting haunting, the schedule for haunts in dallas, tx was to open on the 15th of october and then run every night through halloween. that was what everyone did, even though mondays and tuesdays were dead, that was the model. then d’ann dagen came into my market and opened hangman’s haunted house. her advertising announced read more
designing from the inside out
hauntrepreneurs takes a completely different approach to attraction design, using an inside out approached based on architectural design principles and storytelling to create a cost effective, user friendly, over the top  experience that your patrons will be talking about for years to come. a haunted attraction is a play in which the patron walks from scene to scene. read more
used haunted attractions for sale
hauntrepreneurs® acts like a broker for the best used attractions in the country. if you have a great attraction but need to something new, sell it and use the money to build a new one. if you are thinking about getting into the haunted attraction business, or planning to get out of haunting, let hauntrepreneurs® use it’s contacts and data base to broker the deal for you. read me
how to make money with a haunted house first published in haunt nation magazine 06-2013
contrary to popular belief, the single goal of any company is to make money! the more money it makes the better its chance of survival. a haunted house is a business, and like any other business it has to be profitable to survive. sixty percent of all business fail in the first 3 years of operation, and that number is higher for haunted attractions. the first question you need to ask yourself is… read more
 


“it’s just a haunted house… how hard could it be?”

posted : february 12th, 2020
posted in uncategorized
no comments

creating a frightening attraction that provides safe, high entertainment quality while maintaining a profitable capacity that adheres to local building codes, that is economically built to provide the best opportunity to be profitable is more difficult than you might think. what you don’t know about owning, building and operating a haunted attraction could put you out of business before you scare a single person.
check out the haunting profitability article to see the hauntrepreneurs® vision of a profitable event!
a fright attraction designed by hauntrepreneurs® themed attraction design and consulting has over 40 years of expertise behind it. not only in fright design aspects of the patron experience, but decades of operational experience as well. functionality, high capacity, ease of operation, quick actor substitution, quick set up, ease of alteration, code requirement issues are all solved in creative and time proven ways to make owning a hauntrepreneurs® designed attraction as profitable and trouble free as possible. read more



haunting profitability

posted : february 26th, 2014
posted in international
no comments

i frequently get phone calls from people interested in starting a haunted house. sometimes they are home haunters who have been told by their friends and neighbors that “their yard haunt is 10 times better than the professional ones in town.” some of them are kids, (as i surpass 60 years of age, anyone under say 30 is a kid to me), with great enthusiasm, brimming over with ideas on how to scare people, but no clue how to find the money to get their mega-haunt into production or how to push enough people through an attraction to make it profitable. 
or in some cases they are business people who happened to drive past a local haunted attraction at 9pm on the saturday before halloween, counted the number of people in line, multiplied that by the ticket price and the number of days in october and get the brilliant idea that “haunted houses are a gold mine!” but is haunting really a get rich quick scheme? read more
 
 











follow us!























              hauntrepreneurs • 972-951-5100 • hauntrepreneurs@gmail.com site contents copyright
              
hauntrepreneurs® unless noted otherwise. all rights reserved. 














