




the bible for today homepage


















         


 








gateway to all our webpages

our homepage  - 
on-line donations  - 
bft webstore  - 
featured book publications  - 
defined king james bibles  - 
bft baptist church  - 
yearly bible reading and comments  - 
memory verses  - 
bible study resources  - 
bft updates  - 
bft timely articles  - 
our articles of faith  - 
our missionaries  - 
prisoner bible ministry  - 
just for women  - 
pastor d. a. waite  - 
about bft  - 
the bft catalog  - 
web-site map







  "for god so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life."




. . .  john 3:16  . . .
   











welcome to the bible for today homepage

the overarching purpose of the bible for today is 
to proclaim and to defend the principles of the bible.
. . .  philippians 1:7  . . .


 






on this page

make on-line tax 
  deductible donations  -  
receive news updates by e-mail  -  
search the king james bible






on the dean burgon society website




dbs homepage  -  
  all about the bible  -  
dbs courses on-line










. . . the bible for today director, his wife, and their home . 
	  . . 
 






pastor d. a. waite, th.d., ph.d.

 


bftbc live streaming 24/7click on right side arrows for full screen video


yvonne sanborn waite, d.hum.



     the waite's home where the 
	 bible for today baptist church meets.



if there is no video or no audio available in the bftbc live 
streaming above 

click here. 
 






. . . e-mail subscription form and contact information . . . 

are you not yet signed up to receive our daily emails? if 
 you'd like to sign up, just click here to join our list and get our daily 
 emails in your inbox, too. 








mail and 
e-mail subscription form


 




e-mail: biblefortoday.org


 












. . . special links for our visitors . . . 




click here for live services from the bible for today 
baptist church sundays at 10 a.m. and 1-30 p.m. (eastern) and thursdays at 7p.m



	  view and listen to live streaming & video services 
from the bible for today baptist church on sundays 10 a.m. & 1:30 p.m. (eastern) 
and thursdays at 7 p.m. thursdays & usually wednesdays at 10 a.m (eastern), (for 
theology class). at all other times, view and listen to streaming from the 2012 
dean burgon society meetings.



recent 
		  services: 
		  
sunday a.m.;
		  
sunday p.m.;
		  
mid-week




message defending 1 john 5:7-8.



the history of fundamentalism
fridays at 3:00 pm beginning september 5, 2014
	  bible for today baptist church: po box 361, collingswood, new jersey




	  http://www.biblefortoday.org/pdf/thehistoryoffundamentalism2.pdf

history of fundamentalism classes - schedule




videos of the fundamentalism class





cd of the king james bible defense in words and 
		  pictures--37 slides, by fiona smith




quick archive sermon list




for ebooks 
click here


this link takes you to a site where they are gradually working on making 
ebooks for the dbs and bible for today.




all the sermons of pastor d. a. 
	  waite, th.d., ph.d.


audio and some video 
	  messages by pastor d. a. waite, th.d., ph.d. senior pastor of the 
	  bible for today baptist church, po box 361, collingswood, new jersey 
	  08108,phone:  856-854-4747; fax: 856-854-2464; e-mail:
	  

bft@biblefortoday.org





all the sermons of assistant pastor 
	  daniel s. waite, m.a., m.div.


 audio and some video messages by pastor daniel s. 
	  waite, m.a., m.div. assistant pastor of the bible for today baptist 
	  church, po box 361, collingswood, new jersey 08108,phone:  
	  856-854-4452; fax: 856-854-2464; e-mail:dswaite@biblefortoday.org




gail riplinger's kjb 
heresy and 
who is 
gail riplinger-... a warning for god's sheep
	  



dr. waite's book answering gail riplinger, aletheia o'brien's 
book on gail riplinger




riplinger and other messages 
by dr. stringer and five other documents about 
	  the messianic claims of gail riplinger



message delivered at the 32nd annual dbs meeting julyl 14-15, 2010; 
and his two articles on lawsuits
       messianic claims of gail riplinger
       
	  
dr. stringer's lawsuit letter #1
-  gail riplinger's lawsuit threat to the waites
       
	  
dr. stringer's lawsuit letter #2 
-  
dr. williams answers 
riplinger's lie about her lawsuit threat
       
	  

mrs. 
d. a. waite answers gail riplinger's lies




bible study course on alcohol






the need for truth about the new testament greek 
manuscript variations


i appeal to you to help our bible for today ministry to re-print 
dr. jack moorman's book entitled: "8,000 differences between the textus receptus 
and the nestle-aland nt greek texts." pastor d. a. waite, th.d., ph.d.




first year greek, with dr. d. a. 
	  waite as the instructor




second year greek, with dr. d. a. 
	  waite as the instructor




new !!!
	  


yearly bible reading and yearly bible comments by pastor d.a. waite 
	  in mp3 format



	  these two new mp3 disks will cover reading the entire bible and 
give associated comments. this is done at 85 verses per day and the comments are 
correlated with them. this link will provide the details of how you may obtain 
both disks.




windows streaming player for apple computer users



	  this will allow apple computer users to view our internet 
streaming.



poetic meditations of a 
christian woman - with tears in my heart



	  400 original poems with complementing scripture by gertrude grace 
sanborn.




missionary bennett's web site



	  our missionary to australia, dr. bennett's 
website.





under god's care



	  some thoughts from the director's wife.












 
. . . our latest posted pages . . . 




bibles by the month report - 
	june - 2018.pdf

bibles by the month report - 
	may - 2018.pdf


bibles by the month report - 
	april - 2018.pdf



	  bibles by the month report - 
	  march - 2018.pdf


	  bibles by the month report - february - 2018.pdf

new book: book of revolation
new book: the rise and fall  
	  of fundamentalism


	  bibles by the month report - january - 2018.pdf


	  bibles by the month report - 
	  december - 2017.pdf


	  bibles by the month report - november - 2017.pdf












. . . the bible for today webstore . . . 
the bible for today webstore is a rich source of information about hundreds of subjects which should be of interest to every 
born-again christian in the world. it has been constructed in such a way as to make it easy to find and then order the 
items you are interested in. we have over 4,000 
publications, including books and bibles, audio/video cassettes, dvd/cd audio disks, tracts, and more for your purchase.
also, donations can be made to the bft and related organizations.people from all around the world have been ordering from 
our webstore with great success and blessing. you can find 
these publications by using our search utility to locate items 
which are listed by 
category and/or by author, or you can order by title key words or item # if you wish.
you can click and go directly to the 
bft webstore or view the 
bft catalog.pdf.





visit the 
bible for today webstore


 





. . . our latest news . . . 

read any issue of the bible for today news updates
from yvonne sanborn waite. 
read the bible for today articles of faith. 
dr. d. a. waite responds to a letter of 
	dr. bob jones iii
with an open public letter concerning dr. d. a. waite's new book "fundamentalist mis-information on bible versions" and the march 19-22, 2000 bible conference at 
tabernacle baptist church in greenville, south carolina.







the bible for today news updates


 





the bible 
for today articles of faith


 






. . . defined king james bibles . . . 

the 
   god-honored
authorized king james bible has been, and continues to be, the only accurate 
english translation of the inspired, inerrant, infallible, and preserved 
original hebrew, aramaic, and greek words of god for the english-speaking 
people. don't throw the baby out with the bath water! keep the excellent rhythm, 
cadence, and reliability of the faithful old king james bible. simply add to 
it footnoted definitions of uncommon words and what do you get? you get the 
defined king james bible. this bible uses footnotes to define virtually 
all of the archaic, obsolete, difficult, or uncommon words in the king james 
bible. it can be and has been used by young children, by adults with english as 
a second language, and even by those who sign for the deaf and make good use of 
the excellent definitions of uncommon words.
to date, over 54,000 copies of our defined 
king james bible have been printed and distributed in various places 
throughout the world. click here to order or view our complete selection of

defined king james bibles.






the bible 
for today defined king james bibles


   








. . . audio bible sermons and bible studies on demand . . . 
announcing 
audio bible sermons on demand 
and 
audio bible studies on demand by pastor d. a. 
waite, th.d., ph.d., and daniel waite, m.a., m.div. from the bible for today baptist church. these messages are verse by verse
exposition covering many of the books of the bible. there are also special 
messages and other categories of messages. you can listen online or download to 
listen later and send to a friend via e-mail.






audio bible sermons on demand


 






audio bible studies on demand



 






. . . our symbol and our purpose . . . 



the symbol of the bible for today centers around an open bible. this signifies that the principles of the 
bible are the exclusive principles which form the foundation of the bible for today. the shield pictures "the shield of 
faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked" (ephesians 6:16). on the left of the shield, the darkness is seen encroaching; on the right of the shield, the light is controlling. down the center of 
the shield is a sword, representing the "sword of the spirit, which is the word of god" 
	(ephesians 6:17). it is the spirit’s "sword" of "the word of god" which pierces and divides between 
the light and the darkness. 
the overarching purpose of the bible for today is to proclaim and to defend the principles of the bible (philippians 
1:7). we believe the bible is plenarily and verbally 
inspired of god (2 timothy 3:16-17), 
and consequently inerrant and infallible! we feel that biblical principles must 
not only be proclaimed positively, but also be defended against all infiltration 
of anti-biblical heresies or aberrations.










. . . help support the following with your on-line tax deductible donations . . .










!
make your tax deductible donation to the bible for today



  









make your tax deductible donation to the defined king james bible re-printing fund


 ! 









make your tax deductible donation 
to the bible for today baptist church


  











make your tax deductible donation
to the bible for today prisoners bible fund


 













. . . search the bible - a kjb concordance 
   . . . 









king james version of the bible 


find: 

 entire bible
 old testament
 new testament
   red letter
   verse numbers only 



examples: grace, salvation, so loved, end of the world, 
thousand year, john 3, luke 2:32, rev 22, is 53, john 11:25-26 

























the bible for today




 







 








disclaimer
the eight links below will redirect your browser to 
   secondary sites on which you can select information from our bible for today 
   ministries.  the bible for today does not necessarily endorse information 
   posted by others on these sites. 

  





	    







		 sermon audio  
		|  facebook 
		 |  youtube
		 |  vimeo
		  |  god-tube 
		 |  twitter 
		 |  linked 
		in   |  google 
		plus






  
 





for whosoever shall call upon the name 
 of the lord shall be saved.
 romans 10:13  
from the authorized king james 
 bible











please click here for the most important message of the bible concerning you.
"
is any of the following a blessing to you today?"heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away." 
matthew 24:3
"neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved." 
acts 4:12"but as it is written, eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, 
neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which god hath prepared for them that love him."
1 corinthians 2:9














the bible for today

po box 361collingswood, nj 08108
phone: 856-854-4452fax: 856-854-2464
orders: 1-800-john 10:9e-mail: 
bft@biblefortoday.org








copyright © 2012 - 2015 the bible for today - all rights reserved worldwide.
website pageviews









