western new york mountain biking association - join today - wnymba skip to content facebookinstagram      homeabout usmeeting minutesnewsnews archivetrailseventssupportersdonatecontact usjoinhomeabout usmeeting minutesnewsnews archivetrailseventssupportersdonatecontact usjoin     western new york mountain biking associationdev-admin2024-12-19t18:41:38-05:00wny mountain bicycling associationa community of riders from all levels of skill learn moreboard nominationselections will take place at the january 19th general membership meeting.submit nominationsgrowing our communitywelcome riders!growing our communitywelcome riders!new to mountain biking?wnymba is all about helping new riders and families get the best early riding experiences. come learn with us!where to ride in western nywnymba maintains over 100  miles of trails in wny! learn more about the locations, styles, and levels of difficulty.keeping our trails in shape our members are an integral part of building and maintaining our wny trail system. learn how you can help too.see how wnymba members are dedicated to keeping our trails safe and enjoyable all year round. support local trails today!family and group eventswnymba hosts family friendly group rides, social events, competitions, and more… check out our events calendar and come ride with us!upcoming eventsbecome a wnymba memberjoin the western new york mountain bicycling association today to become a part of an inclusive riding community and support access to trails all over western new york. click below and sign up through the imba website, our sponsoring organization. join today!tales from the trailsdev-admin2025-01-16t09:13:12-05:00officers & advisory board nominations -2025accepting online nominations until up until jan 15th. nominations and voting will take place indev-admin2024-10-08t18:28:54-04:00can’d aid fundraiser 2024get kids rolling with bikes & smiles! help chautauqua county first graders experience the joydev-admin2024-10-01t12:52:53-04:00roots, rocks & ridges 2024roots, rocks & ridges 2024 was an unforgettable weekend! we were blown away by theread more    sitemaphomeabout usmeeting minutesnewsnews archivetrailseventssupportersdonatecontact usjoinwestern new york mountain bicycling association po box 945 buffalo ny 14225-9998support your local trailsa chapter of imbafollow us   recent posts officers & advisory board nominations -2025 can’d aid fundraiser 2024 roots, rocks & ridges 2024 national trail day – 2024 spring membership drive – 2024   © copyright 1992 -|   western new york mountain biking association   |   all rights reserved  page load linkthis website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. read morecookie settingsacceptrejectprivacy & cookies policy   close privacy overviewthis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.   necessary   necessary always enabled necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.  non-necessary   non-necessary any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. save & accept  go to top  