



odilon redon | heart of perfect painting.































































skip to content 





 





 
menu 
home
news
privacy policy
say hi
 









 
menu 
home
news
privacy policy
say hi
 


















odilon redon



you will definitely learn a lot of lessons in drawing if you are interested. you can click here to know all about it and, you will be able to get in touch with us.










let's talk





read more




















his biography
















 1840



birth of bertrand-jean redon, known as odilon, april 20 in bordeaux, to the 24 street neuve saint-seurin (today the 31st, fernand-marin street). second son of bertrand redon and marie guerin. the family will move little after the birth of odilon to go to the 26th of the damour alleys (this house disappeared today).



















1840-1851


the young odilon is entrusted to his uncle and passes his childhood in the familial estate of peyrelebade, close to listrac in the medoc. this property is a " middle-class vintage " whose vines that are next to those of the well-known château clarke produced an excellent red wine.





















1855


lessons of drawing with his first master, stanislas gorin, educated by eugene isabey d’héroult, specialized in the watercolor. gorin encouraged odilon to copy and decompose the " works enthusiastic and impassioned of delacroix " exposed to the museum of bordeaux. 


















1857


studies of architecture to please his father. he fails the examinations. he will keep these studies a rigorous precision in his drawings of the old bordeaux as well as a certain predilection for the geometrical forms. he binds friendship with the botanist armand clavaud who initiates him with sciences and the literature. 























analysis of his works












read more


















important art
by odilon redon























































latest updates






 
some really famous paintings by amazing french artists
july 23, 2021july 23, 2021
 

 

there have actually been a lot of masterpieces that have been created by painters from france over the course of our rich artistic history. the new classicism, which actually drew…

read more




















samples of public sales
here are some very beautiful paintings that you can find from some public sales.










reviews



“a fantastic website, especially if you are a fan of amazing paintings.”
darrel r goodman

























 










					copyright © 2021 odilon redon | all rights reserved.				
























