





travelling and touring – by car – motorcycle and bike!





















skip to content



travelling and touring

				by car – motorcycle and bike!			

harley davidson travel tips
dyna fx
touring motorcycles
softails








back
								




 




 

harley davidson travel tips








welcome to lookcyclesusa.com where you can find information on travel, motorcycles and great car rental deals for those who prefer to hire.
from parts, motorcycles, collectables, boots, jackets, shirts, wheels and even gas tanks. save literally hundreds of dollars when you buy your harley davison gear online – which family model of harley are you from : touring, softail, dyna, sportster or vrsc?
make sure you get the best deals and cheap prices on your harley bikes, parts and spares.
touring motorcycles
the touring family is on of five in the prestigious harley davidson brand. the touring family can also be named “dressers”, which it often is by its owners and fans. you can spot some of its models being used by some state police due to its low speed manoeuvrability and long distance endurance.

a touring harley davidson motorcycle can be instantly identifiable by its large windshield which makes long distance riding that little bit more comfortable, but on most models the windshield in removable.
we will be attending the uk motorcycle show 2025 – this will be our third time at the event after a very successful 2017 event. for those travelling from the us or abroad we have found the following services very helpful including hotels and car rental information:
hotels – we book through expedia, they seem to have the best prices for the dates we want (we book for 7 people).
car hire – we hired a 7 seater from easirent, they were the lowest on price and had quite a few different vehicles we could choose from.
they also have five branches in the us, if you are looking for low cost florida car rental then checkout easirent us – they branches at miami, orlando, fort lauderdale, palm beach and jacksonville.
are you going to any events this year? get in touch through our contact form and let us know!
update: 2025: we now want to move some of the motocycles with us for our next uk travel excursion in 2025. we have sourced transporation from the us to the uk and now need a good removals company to help us transport our bikes from lhr to our residence in brighton.
in case anyone else is thinking of doing the same thing: we have used this website: rated removals and searched via the rrs score for a good local company near heathrow airport.
see you brits in 2025 at the usual secret location!
softail travel
the word softail represents the use of a moveable suspension system hidden on the rear of the motorcycle to make riding more comfortable. the first softail manufactured by harley davidson was the fxst released in 1984. as with the dyna, the softail has a rich customising history, providing the riders and owners with extra options when purchasing and adapting their softail.
dyna fxr
the dyna motorcycle family has undergone numerous changes and overhauls over the last few years. highly regarded and considered to be one of the most rugged, untamed, customisable and hardcore motorcycles around.

some classic features of the harley dyna still remain from its super glide days; the uncovered battery, rolling chassis and its large v-twin engine make it a formidable and often scary machine.
riding on the dyna
the dyna motorcycle family has undergone numerous changes and overhauls over the last few years. highly regarded and considered to be one of the most rugged, untamed, customisable and hardcore motorcycles around. some classic features of the harley dyna still remain from its super glide days; the uncovered battery, rolling chassis and its large v-twin engine make it a formidable and often scary machine.
the showstopper travel bike – vrsc
the vrsc family was introduced back in 2001 and represents one of the newest families introduced to the harley davidson range. the first thing you notice with the vrsc is that it’s unlike any other harley davidson bike, described as a muscle motorcycle designed to compete with the new breed of dragster style motorcycles from america and japan.










search for:



 


travelling and touring,
						
				proudly powered by wordpress.			








