














ronco machine | expert control systems & automation solutions for manufacturing efficiency



























home
about
contact









services
click below to learn more







core  winders





industrial  equipment





ul508a  panel builds





mechanical  design





electrical  design &  programming





rebuilds &  upgrades





machine  shop





spare  parts





technical   services













offering industry solutions for the

food industry.
pharmaceutical industry.
paper industry.
plastic industry.
timber industry.




for 40+ years, we have specialized in developing control systems and automation strategies
                to improve customer efficiency, capacity and profitability.
            






material  handling





processing  & converting





manufacturing  & assembling





finishing





packaging















































































































core values 


safety


no. 1 priority in all aspects of our business



quality


quality workmanship secures our credibility and future partnerships 



satisfaction


 customer satisfaction ensures the success of every project



efficiency


efficiency ensures profitability for both our customers and rmi




























paper converting industry 
raw material cost savings


problem:
tissue & towel core winders are direct costs to the consumer with no practical or financial benefit.

solution:
convert from two ply to single ply core production to reduce the points of glue required in production. 
                                                    reduce the number of core paper spools needed to produce while producing an equal number of cores.

cost savings:
10% per equal number of cores, 3% in paper savings, 15% labor savings.

rmi reduced usage from 245 to 5 gallons per week, 
                                                    reducing cost from $5,500 to $100 weekly, and 
                                                    decreased the annual fee from $286,000 to $5,200.












food product production industry 
raw material optimization


problem:
the machine’s plc (programmable logic controller) was obsolete and could not be reprogrammed to increase production.

solution:
replace the machine’s existing plc with a new, state of the art plc and reprogram the machine to produce product 
                                                    at much higher rates.

production increase:
pre- plc upgrade – 3 trays per minute | post-plc upgrade – 7 trays per minute | 133% increase in production.

upon completion, production was optimized from 
                                                    300 units to 700 units per hour without any additional fees 
                                                    (133% production increase).












pharmaceutical industry
application accuracy


problem :
inconsistent drug dispensing, resulting in inconsistent patient results.

solution :
high precision drug to substrate application equipment.

result :
212% increase in patient results and overall satisfaction.

our automated adhesive dispensing system successfully 
                                                    reduced the total number of injuries from 212 per year to zero, 
                                                    resulting in millions in savings.












plastics industry
waste reclamation


problem :
trimmed sheet “edge waste” is unidentifiable thus precluding recycling and is added to the manufacturers waste stream.

solution :
laser cut/trim the two outside edges of the extruded sheet and add labels to all trimmed edge pieces to allow recycling
                                                    into the product stream and not into the waste stream.

cost savings :
20% reduction in the waste stream for these products.

our innovative solution enabled our client to repurpose 
                                                    100% of all recyclable material annually.   












timber industry 
controls upgrade


problem :
outdated pc based production and controls schemes.

solution :
replace all antiquated process controls with new electronic hardware and control narratives.

results :
a 400% increase in overall production.

with rmis custom solution, our client increased capacity 
                                                    to 64 trees per day, resulting in a total annual increase 
                                                    from 5,824 to 23,296 trees per year.












universal industries 
machine optimization


problem :
very expensive industrial machinery is subject to widely inconsistent lubrication schedules, 
                                                    resulting in unscheduled outages and downtime.

solution :
install an rmi automated lubrication system to lubricate the machine according to a pre-determined schedule, without
                                                    the need to pause production or cope with unscheduled outages.

results :
5% cost savings on machine oiling labor.

based on 2 hours of scheduled lubrication per week/per machine, 
                                                    machine owners will realize a 5% cost savings on machine oiling 
                                                    labor alone per machine, per year with a rmi lube system.















let us help you
contact us




email

sales@roncomachine.com


call 

(570) 319-1832


location 

11 skyline dr e, south abington township, pa 18411












first name *



last name *





email *



message *


send













 sales@roncomachine.com



(570) 319-1832



11 skyline dr e, south abington
                    township, pa 18411











home
about us
contact us


















