



	nuheat floor heating - the comfort you deserve



























































products




heating systems

about floor heating
find the floor heating you need
standard mats
custom mats
cable system
cable & membrane
mesh
accessories



thermostats

signature
developer api resource
home
element
past models



other products

residential winter products
commercial products





customer care




overview


troubleshooting


faq


repair request


virtual thermostats






learning center




overview


become a certified pro


blog


green building


how to measure


installation videos


luxury vinyl flooring


minimum advertised trade price policy


product manuals






multi-unit projects



projects team
project types
change the way you heat
project portfolio





warranty




overview


register your warranty






request a quote



where to buy
find installers

search for:



search




                    3105 ï¿½ 6900 graybar road
                    richmond, bc, canada v6w 0a5
                





1-800-778-9276 (warm)
















nvent nuheat mats are the thinnest, easiest-to-install floor heating product available!
                    

                    
                         nuheat mats deliver perfectly even heat output to any indoor space. click to learn more!
                    













nvent nuheat and
                            mapei alliance
                        

                            we are proud to introduce mapei mapeheat with technology from nvent nuheat. learn more.
                        







new! nvent nuheat peel & stick membrane
                        

                            installs 40% faster!less mess!
                        










                        customer care
                        
                    



                        warranty

                    



                        cost calculator

                    



                        where to buy

                    







inspired comfort





                                    my vision in every design is to turn even the most basic project into a retreat. the comfort of a nuheat floor heating system allows you to truly feel the warmth of your personal oasis, especially in typically cold cottages.
                                    

—paul lafrance




                                    just turned on my heated floors in the colaneri home! fall is here and i am loving my nuheat!
                                    

—john colaneri







nuheat in the media























north america's firstwifi-enabled thermostat

                        homeowners can monitor, control, and program their nuheat floor heating system via the free nvent nuheat signature smartphone app (ios and android) or any web browser.
                    








available now
nvent nuheat membrane sheets

                        ​membrane sheets lay flat and eliminate rollback memory during installation. they come in 10.6sqft square sheets (25 sheets per box) for easy calculation and layout.
                    







	we are experiencing issues with the mail server that is responsible for generating the account creation and thermostat activation emails that are required to setting up the nuheat signature thermostat. we are currently working on resolving the issue as quickly as possible. we anticipate that a resolution will be in place by 9am (pst) on tuesday, january 22nd. our apologies for any inconvenience that this is causing.
        



notice

            we are currently experiencing technical issues with our 1-800-778-9276 phone line.

 

while we work to resolve this issue, customers can call 1-800-545-6258 to speak to a nvent nuheat customer care representative or send us an email at nuheatinfo@nvent.com. we apologize for the inconvenience.
        
















          nvent thermal canada ltd.
  
11004 - 174th street nw

edmonton, ab

t5s 2p3


                            1-800-778-9276 (warm)
contact us












nuheat on twitter






blog

residential safety and comfort from nvent raychem and nvent nuheat


now is the time to ensure your home will be safe and comfortable this winter! don’t let extreme weather events, like 2021’s winter storm uri, catch you off...
the post residential safety and comfort from nvent raychem and nvent nuheat appeared first on .

read more






              
                © 2020 nvent. all rights reserved.
            
privacy














