




mad max









 









 




 






home |
							
contact us      
							





 









      					                                    
					







vmax is our only concern


















 


 














info














new stuff














links














gallery














avon 300


















awards














news letter














carbs














chrome












360 bigshot














wheels














blower bike









       
								203-574-7859
        
								
      
							   .vmail us today








 






(as pictured above this monster is owned by bill depalma).
a picture is worth a  thousand words 
generation 2 vmax the ultimate setup the best of both worlds. chain driven turbo charged super charged liquid to air inner cooled on  nos . 
what more could you ask for?
this vmax was custom  built to compete with suzuki, and kawasaki it's competition on  the street the drag strip and the dyno. two awesome motorcycles in their own  right.
whatever you are  dreaming of on a vmax we will make it happen. 
madmax enterprise 27 straight  years of vmax only and still going strong. 

                                        the innovator of all of the vmax  parts you see out there.





 
who did you think was going to do it?
							      chain drive supercharged on nos
paul civitello, aka "madmax enterprise" has the same  vision as 25 years ago “bring this new vmax to its' full potential”.  paul innovated the chain drive for the 2009  and 2010 yamaha vmax soon to be released lightning strikes twice, pictured here.   the 2009/2010 chain drive vmax is a 2050  cc motor which he built and installed.  the  bike weighs in at an incredible 487 pounds and has a seat height of 26.5 inches 
the look of an awesome ride
we will keep you posted on  the test results of this awesome monster  







the real deal customized by mad max   enterprise 







madmax custom parts available for the
outrageous 2009 vmax
 



turbo or supercharger system
nos system
drag strip wheelie bars
chain drive/belt drive/shaft drive /2 speed overdrive for shaft fatmax tires from 200 to 360 in size


custom mad max sidewinder exhaust 4 into 1 with removable baffle
raked triple trees from 33 degrees to 42 degrees (bolt on)
drag bar riser kit with all necessary hardware (bolt on)




the above is a partial listing, please call for pricing.                                    
to: yamaha motor company,
thank you for another outrageous motorcycle
from: paul j. civitello,
                                      mad max enterprise  

 


 
 





  




this madmax enterprise custom prostreet fatmax will be shown at the largest   bike show in europe this month. it will then tour as a customized exhibition   bike at all of the great bike shows in europe.
yamaha motor company rocks !!!! 

 

 


 

















avon 300






















 

 

















														blower bike

















 







 

 

 














wheels












      
														








 

 






















														360 bigshot  














 




 

 

 














carbs













														          
														








 

 
















new stuff













      
														







 

 

 
















 


 




 


 




 


 





					©2005 mad max enterprises. all rights reserved. |
					privacy policy |
					terms & conditions





 
































 

























 











						roadliner midnight




						roadliner s




						roadliner














						stratoliner midnight




						stratoliner s




						stratoliner











