




top rated motivational speaker connie podesta


















































































 













 



















  connie@conniepodesta.com

conniepodestaoutstanding, entertaining motivational speaker on change, leadership and saleshome
keynote topics
about

about connie
credentials
media and press releases


videos
speaker kit
blog
store
contact
book connie












 
 
 











whether your audience is10 or 10,000, onstage or virtual,connie is the keynote speaker you need to elevate your next event!
 
 
 














 



 
 
 







 



 
 
 











she is a...
game changing, sales generating, leadership developing,
revenue building, psychology based, strategy innovating,
ball of fire
keynote speaker!

 
 
 














 
 
 














 
 
 




the best public speakers are in the hall of fame
connie podesta helps people navigate culture, change communication, and "the crisis of the day"if the last few years have taught us anything – it’s that anything can happen. to succeed in today’s world, you need the skills that allow you to expand, not decrease, your emotional and business bandwidth in times of stress. the truth is there will always be culture clash opportunities, conflict, and daily crisis. however, they don’t have to define you, distract you, or distress you if you have the right tools, mindset, and strategies in your life to navigate uncertainty with confidence.
 
 
 









 
 
 




one of the world's best inspirational speakers
standout communication: the power of personality and building relationships connectivity is vital to business (and life) success, especially in today’s world. unfortunately, it doesn’t always come naturally, or authentically, or at all! that’s where human behavior and communication expert connie podesta comes in. with a healthy dose of psychology, humor, and an empowering understanding of human nature, connie helps audiences connect in proven and powerful ways, and most importantly, instantly recognize the communication styles of both themselves and others – making navigating conversations and negotiating needs a thousand times easier. want to bring your people together and give them the communication skills they need build relationship bridges and succeed faster? connie’s got it covered.
 
 
 









 
 
 




get the best motivational speakers for your people
the power of accountability and ownership success can look different for everyone. it’s personal, and it doesn’t always have to do with the bottom line in a bank account or the title printed on a business card. in this refreshingly candid presentation, human behavior and success expert connie podesta leads audience members through a serious (but really fun) reality check to first understand why they do and think what they do – then discover where they may be living out of balance and out of alignment for the kind of success that resonates most with them. if you’re ready to give your team the tools, strategies, and mindset checks they need to unlock their full potential and create a life that feels more fulfilled, call connie today.
 
 
 









 
 
 




sales keynote speakers improve your numbers
out-think, out-negotiate, and outsell the competition“sales” looks very different today. clients don’t want to be “closed”, “techniqued”, or caught in a canned script loop they can’t get out of. and frankly, most sales professionals don’t want any part of any of that either. that’s where human behavior and sales expert connie podesta comes in. with proven sales tools and strategies based on the psychology of human behavior (why we do what we do and think what we think) and a healthy dose of humor, connie has helped millions of people take sales to a whole new level…and have more fun while getting there. if you’re ready to help your sales team take their business (and bank accounts) to entirely new levels, call connie today!
 
 
 









 
 
 




a leadership keynote speaker delivers leading results
creating teams who are ready, able, and excited to get the job donefrom hiring to firing to inspiring - leadership today is about being both the calm in the storm and the step-up example your team needs to succeed. connie can help you to super-charge your connectivity, collaboration, and team building in energized new ways. with her signature blend of comedy and "tell-it-like-it-is" delivery, connie takes you inside the minds of even your most difficult employees so you can turn negative attitudes into positive, entitlement into accountability, complacency into productivity, complaining into solutions and "that's not my job" into ownership in any market condition or economy. ready to re-imagine what your team can do? call connie today!
 
 
 









 
 
 




the best leadership speakers focus on communication
life would be easy if it weren't for other peoplewith laugh-out-loud humor, killer take-away strategies and her amazing insights into others (including a few who "drive you crazy"), human behavior expert connie podesta will both challenge you and empower you with the knowledge you need to get along better with the people in your life. connie will take you right inside the minds and personalities of the people you deal with every day — bosses, colleagues, partners, customers, friends, and family so you can act, rather than react to whatever life throws your way. ready to help your team have less stress and more success? call connie today!
 
 
 











connie’s known worldwide for
innovative and out-of-the-box creativity
and incredible stage presence.
with connie’s keynotes you don’t have to give up ….personalitypizazzaudience engagementpowerful messaging
 
 
 











whether hosting an in-person event or streaming from an online platform...
 






 



an amazing buzz of energy, empowerment, and call to action
that generate lasting and positive change.
 








 
 
 











why connie’s keynotesare unlike any other
whether onstage or online
 








 
 
 











sales  •  leadership  •  relationships  •  productivity  •  change  •  life balance
 








 
 
 









 



her audiences to:
defy limited thinking
take bold action
push past excuses
move beyond complacency
 
 
 











just a few of connie's standout clients
 
 
 







 
 
 





 
 
 





 book connie to make your next event a standout experience!
email to book connie



quicklinks
personality shapes
standout quiz
keynote topics
about connie
videos
speaker kit
press kit
blog



recent blog posts …


how to get out of your own way


forget perfection! the leadership mindset that sparks innovation


quit trying to make everyone happy


quit making assumptions in sales (and life)


quit the negative self talk


leading through the uncertainty:  breakthrough or breakdown?



get in touch
connie@conniepodesta.com
connie podesta presents, llc
5760 legacy drive, suite b3-525
plano, tx 75024


emailfacebookinstagramlinkedinyoutube
subscribe to the connie connection




sign up and receive a free copy of connie's award-winning ebook, standout leadership







first name
        




email address
        *




captcha
        






					if you are human, leave this field blank.				











privacy policy
leadership keynote speaker
best leadership speakers
sales keynote speakers
best motivational speakers
public speakers: the connie podesta influence
best motivational speaker connie podesta
best inspirational speakers
copyright © 2025 connie podesta 











































