



goodfellow library

















goodfellow afb library

facebook
twitter







welcome to the
											goodfellow library!

the goodfellow library is available to all those with base privileges. we have recently transitioned to new department of defense-wide library checkout software, bibliovation. your library account can now be used at most dod installation libraries. you can update your library card to one of our new account numbers, or ask us to switch your account number to your dod id card.
looking for the language resource center? you'll find it here in the consolidated learning center (bldg 316) in room 110. it is open the same hours as the library. if you need assistance, just ask the library staff!









what's new?





new bestsellers
rebecca yarros, onyx storm
                        james grippando, grave danger 
                        p.c. cast, boudicca
                        chloe penaranda, the night is defying
                        joseph finder, the oligarch's daughter
                        costanza casati, babylonia

more






new dvds
venom: the last dance
we live in time
smile 2
here
elevation
saturday night

more






new teen & young adult books
kendare blake, warrior of legend
                        john flanagan, royal ranger: ambush at sorato
                        stephanie garber, spectacular
                        sabaa tahir, heir
											  rick riordan, wrath of the triple goddess
											  s.k. ali, fledgling

more






 new children's books
first day hooray!
											  shift happens
												the quacken
												pizza face
											  tate's wild rescue
												yes! no? maybe so...


more








latest from the library



 
modern book store layout!
the library has begun to transition from the dewey decimal system to the modern bookstore model layout! our fiction section is now complete, and you can find your favorite novels in their subject areas, such as historical fiction, fantasy, mystery, and more! watch for more changes as our nonfiction section undergoes the transition in the coming weeks!



 
leadership book club!
attention all leaders and aspiring leaders! daf libraries is hosting extensive discussions on generations by jean m. twenge in the daf leadership book club. uncover the secrets to effective collaboration and mission success. don't miss out, join the club today!





dodmwrlibraries.org
dozens of digital services available! access on your own device!
											  create your account at dodmwrlibraries.org.
											  sign-in with your id card and birthdate.
										       

dod mwr libraries






professional reading
air force chief of staff, secretary of the air force, and chief master sergeant of the air force reading list books are available in the library. we also have a selection of books from the marine corps commandant's reading list and the army professional reading list.
											  you may also check out ebooks with the libby app from dodmwrlibraries.org. sign-in using your id card and birthdate.


professional reading






test prep
clep, dantes, afoqt, asvab and more!
books available in the library. practice tests, ebooks and more available online!
											  sign-in at dodmwrlibraries.org using your id card and birthdate.


continuing education






streaming services
craftsy, kanopy, freegal and more!
sign-in at dodmwrlibraries.org using your id card and birthdate.


streaming













search our catalog

select goodfellow afb from thelimit by library button.




menu


home
policies
programs

books

bestsellers
professional reading
teen and young adult


language resource center
children's library
continuing education
video
games
makerspace

digital resources

ebooks
reference
streaming
hobbies and do-it-yourself
children


library services
gallery
links
about





get in touch

we are located in the consolidated learningcenter (bldg 316) halfway between thenorth and south gates, behind the aafes gas station.

goodfellowlibrary@gmail.com
commercial: (325) 654-3232
										dsn: 477-3232
base library fl3030
										265 w. kearney blvd, bldg 316
											goodfellow afb, tx 76908-3403
mon-thu: 10:00am - 7:00pm
										fri: 10:00am - 5:00pm
										sat: 11:00am - 3:00pm
										sun and holidays: closed




get a library card




sign-up for a library card at the circulation desk.





book drop




our book drop is located on ft. griffin avenue
											  (west side of the building) half-way between the two crosswalks. 

											  there are two slots, one for books and one for media (dvds, video games, etc.)





page updated 1 feb 2025, goodfellow library











