




















home | metropolitan opera























 













































skip to main content








menu
            



 close menu 





season



2024–25 season


in cinemas


at home


on demand


radio


television


events


tickets


2025 abt






                                tickets
                            



                                on demand
                            


visit



getting here


accessibility


dining at the met


tours


what to expect





discover



videos


talks and events


articles


education


podcasts


artists


synopses


archives


exhibitions





make a gift



give now


become a member


special funds


corporate partnership



                                                    leave a legacy
                                                





about



our story


press releases


who we are


faq



                                                    jobs
                                                


internships


auditions


contact us


annual reports


brochures






                                shop
                            









            search
        






                login 
            






open  live chat
         live chat is currently unavailable.










the metropolitan opera







                    login / register
                



 calendar
            






the metropolitan opera

featured content
















met premiere march 3 at 8pm


jake heggie’s moby-dick


libretto by gene scheer



jake heggie’s grand adaptation of herman melville’s sea-drenched, heaven-storming epic has its awaited met premiere. a cast of standouts comes together on the decks of the pequod, including brandon jovanovich as captain ahab, stephen costello as greenhorn, peter mattei as starbuck, and ryan speedo green as queequeg, with maestro karen kamensek at the helm.


                                        buy tickets
                                    

jake heggie’s grand adaptation of herman melville’s sea-drenched, heaven-storming epic has its awaited met premiere. a cast of standouts comes together on the decks of the pequod, including brandon jovanovich as captain ahab, stephen costello as greenhorn, peter mattei as starbuck, and ryan speedo green as queequeg, with maestro karen kamensek at the helm.
























opens march 4 at 7:30pm


beethoven’s fidelio



lise davidsen stars as leonore in beethoven’s stirring paean to freedom, alongside david butt philip as florestan, tomasz konieczny as don pizarro, and rené pape as rocco. susanna mälkki takes the podium.


                                        buy tickets
                                    

lise davidsen stars as leonore in beethoven’s stirring paean to freedom, alongside david butt philip as florestan, tomasz konieczny as don pizarro, and rené pape as rocco. susanna mälkki takes the podium.



















returns march 5 at 7:30pm


puccini’s la bohème



kristina mkhitaryan and joseph calleja star as the tragic bohemian lovers in franco zeffirelli’s picturesque staging. alexander soddy conducts puccini’s perennial heartbreaker.


                                        buy tickets
                                    

kristina mkhitaryan and joseph calleja star as the tragic bohemian lovers in franco zeffirelli’s picturesque staging. alexander soddy conducts puccini’s perennial heartbreaker.












the metropolitan opera logo









upcoming performances

items of interest















celebrating black history month




in honor of black history month, the met showcases the exceptional african american artists who have made invaluable contributions to the company’s legacy. all month long, explore a curated collection of content, including free access to the live in hd presentation of anthony davis’s x: the life and times of malcolm x.

learn more














live in hd | march 15


fidelio




following a string of awe-inspiring met performances, soprano lise davidsen returns to cinemas as the noble leonore, who risks everything to save her husband from the clutches of tyranny. tenor david butt philip is the political prisoner florestan, sharing the stage with bass-baritone tomasz konieczny as the villainous don pizarro and veteran bass rené pape as the jailer rocco. susanna mälkki conducts the met’s striking production, which finds modern-day parallels in beethoven’s sole opera.

buy tickets

















hell or high water




in his grand adaptation of herman melville’s classic novel, composer jake heggie welcomes audiences aboard the pequod to experience literature’s immortal search for the white whale—and for answers to life’s deepest questions.

read article














april 6


jon batiste at the met




multi-grammy and academy award–winner jon batiste brings his maestro tour to the met on sunday, april 6, for two performances.

buy tickets














celebrate the new year with the met!


members get more





members enjoy exclusive benefits, including opera magazine, ticketing priority, and special discounts throughout the year. if you’re already a member, consider increasing your support to the next level. new and increased membership gifts will be matched by a met board member.


join today 











email signup

  find the metropolitan opera on facebook (opens new window) 
  find the metropolitan opera on twitter (opens new window) 
  find the metropolitan opera on instagram (opens new window) 
  find the metropolitan opera on youtube (opens new window) 
  find the metropolitan opera on tiktok (opens new window) 





terms & conditions
privacy policy
our digital ads
日本語
dining
accessibility


©2025 the metropolitan opera

                        your privacy choices
                        







  









                    close
                     modal






our website has been optimized for viewing in the latest versions of chrome, firefox, and safari. if you are using internet explorer or other browsers you may encounter problems with certain sections of our website.

i understand, close this dialog























