



latest | kasper hauser














 



latest /
 






    dec 7th, 2019  

kasper hauser 20th anniversary show! january 10, 2020 in san francisco 






 




    oct 26th, 2014  

skymaul 2 on npr's "all things considered"






 




    jul 26th, 2014  

skymaul 2 is here! 






 




    apr 16th, 2013  

limited edition wearable diploma! 





pre-order “earn your mba on the toilet” now and receive this limited-edition, signed-by-kasper-hauser diploma that you can wear on your face! 

 



more / 
 

  
       




new books /








 




skymaul 2


st. martin's press 2014
the towering sequel to a “comedy classic” (austin chronicle), skymaul 2 picks up where its “brilliantly funny” (pittsburgh post-gazette) predecessor left off. bursting with boatloads of fantastic stuff—from the catbox viewing dome to the bullet-allowing vest—skymaul 2 will win your laughter with humor that sparkles as it cleans.


 
buy from:



amazon.com 





barnes and noble 





powell's 





your local bookstore 






 




obama's blackberry


little, brown, 2009
a glimpse into the president’s pda, with top-secret emails and text messages uncovered by the private dicks of comedy, kasper hauser.
 “political parody at its finest.” — the new york post
“wickedly funny.” —chicago tribune


 
buy from:



amazon.com 





barnes and noble 





powell's 





your local bookstore 






 


 






 
grandma's ex-boyfriends /







the sound of young america
john hodgman
third floor portland
sf sketchfest
patton oswalt
count arthur strong
the establishment
fc barcelona
upright citizens brigade
ritual roasters
four barrel coffee
stanford robber barons
bats
george saunders
graham linehan





 




sign up for updates and kh exclusives
email list /






 





















 






  
  







 
featured kh video /










more /
weddings emergencies, unit 3
 










 


 






 
featured kh podcast /










more /
ep. 20: news update october 2011

download


 


 






 
kh creations /















jacobus /

a videoblog from the 14th century by jacobus: falconer, dung-shoveler, tamer of wenches.


 








skymaul /

kasper hauser’s first book – a surreal parody of the in-flight catalog. llamacyles, stroller-mowers, hummingbird poisoners, etc.


 








khraigslist /

our alternate-universe craigslist.


 








wonderglen /

the inadvertently public intranet site of a small, dysfunctional media production company. “hilarious, weird, and unlike anything i’ve ever seen” ~ usa today


 








this is an american life?! /

our take on the world’s best radio show, complete with fake high schools and real unicorns.


 


 






 











 



home /aboutbooksvideos 
podcastscomedy piñatajacobusskymaulkhraigslistnigerian scammer letterswonderglenkasper hauser on the real “this american life”this is an american life?!roy & gilcontact  
 
 

home  /  about  /  books  /  videos  /  podcasts  /  comedy piñata  /  contact © 2013 kasper hauser comedy group, all rights reserved.
site design, logo by gagner design. built by dan kurtz.
 
 



