











home - sedona spas



































































skip to content



(602)253-4062
sedona spas
sedona spas








home
about
gallery
products


in-ground hot tubs
swim spas
hot tubs, spas
spa shell colors
supplies & chemicals
spa cover colors
technology


checklist for excellence


warranty summary


contact us







 
make a bold statement
grab your visitors' attention front and center on your homepage, then give them an action to take.
get started


















in-ground hot tubs 
us patent no 6,381,768



see more




luxury | innovation | quality
celebrating 30 years






swim spas



see more



hot tubs, spas



see more



experience a level of ultimate luxury, so beautiful, so powerful, so refined, so impressive.
sedona spas, the awesome spa experience, in your life of personal luxury.






for over 30 years, since 1994 sedona spas has been the leader in the spa and hot tub business in phoenix, arizona why?…luxury, innovation, quality, and value!! we manufacture top quality hot tubs and spas and sell them factory direct, no dealer mark-up, so you save thousands of dollars on the hot tub or spa of your dreams. sedona spas is a phoenix, arizona manufacturer selling high quality portable spas, hot tubs, swim spas, and our patented in-ground spas to the public at wholesale prices. we use only the highest quality components and craftsmanship in our spas. our warranty and friendly personalized customer service is also the best in the industry. call today and see why our customers are not only happy but excited they purchased a sedona spa.












over 25 years of spa excellence





about us




free backyard consultation! call:







(602) 579-3403












in-ground hot tubs
us patent no 6,381,768




in-ground hot tub which eliminates much of the labor associated with custom in-ground hot tubs and spas



see more








swim spas




sedona spas swim spas are known for powerful performance, stylish ergonomic design, luxurious durability and energy efficiency. we can custom build and tailor equipment packages to meet anyone’s desires.



see more








hot tubs, spas




sedona spas portable hot tubs that are luxurious and built tough, xtremely durable, sedona spas portable above ground spas offering  high performance and energy efficiency, factory direct, priced well below our competition



see more



powered by balboa







revolution overview





setting filter cycles with tp600 panels





how to install balboa water group app iphone® app





how to change the temperature range on the balboa tp600





how to use ready & rest mode on the balboa tp600













factory direct location
phoenix












 commitment to excellence

 sedona spas offers so much more than beautiful hot tubs. we pride ourselves on manufacturing superior quality hot tubs as well as sensational customer service. every hot tub purchase comes with peace of mind that we will exceed your expectations each and every time, guaranteed!





    notice: javascript is required for this content.







 

ranked best hot tubs in phoenix , azseptember 9, 2019

 
sedona spas reserves the right to make changes or improvements in our products, to better enhance the performance of our spas.
sometimes printed material, regarding specifications, lags behind actual specifications. please consult with a sedona spas representative for precise specifications on current models.

 

 











	©2019. all rights reserved. sedona spas, llc.





this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settingsacceptrejectprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept



















































