













goff rugby report | reporting on high school, college, select side and youth rugby in america






























skip to main content







 




 








       







search form

search 





 





 



main menucollege mencollege womenhs boyshs girlsla 7s & laielite 7s 





 








 
 
 national teams
work to do for usa men in vancouver  

 








  
 hs boys club top 50 2025: week 5  

  
 around the nation in hs rugby  

  
 eastside overcomes norcal visitors marin  

 





 



the goff rugby report


























 college men, rankings

men d1a rankings week 21
we were all set to make major changes this week and instead ... well, the rankings were backed up.
penn state one spot ahead of umw? penn state wins by a try.
life #2 and lindenwood #4? life wins by four points.
more college men, rankings news »
 
 
  

 






 
 
 goff rankings

hs boys club top 50 2025: week 5
we're starting to see more ranked teams playing other ranked teams and that's had a serious effect on the rankings.
but remember, if your favorite team has not been playing and you see the ranking dropping, the competition always wins—when those teams play they will move up.
more goff rankings »
  

 






 college women

help nominate a player for the ma sorensen award
fans and college team players and coaches can help nominate a player for the ma sorensen award.
more college women news »
 
 
  

 






 
 
 elite 7s, youth

national 7s youth rugby championship registration is open
the national 7s youth rugby championship is back for another year and will return to walsh university in north canton, ohio.
more elite 7s, youth news »
  

 






 hs boys, hs girls

leinster school of excellence in syracuse useful for all levels
the leinster rugby school of excellence at syracuse university is set for the end of july..
more hs boys, hs girls news »
 
 
  

 


















tweet widgetshare on facebook 



















   

 

































 





















 





              
the goff rugby report is run by alex goff and concentrates on hs and college rugby, and the usa national teams.
see our re-print and re-post policy
 





© copyright 2025 goff rugby report and goff communications, llc
rugby website development: 4x3 llc





















about us
contact us
more women's news 
 









college men
college women
hs boys
hs girls
la 7s & lai
elite 7s
 














