























archive news from the york press































































newsletters public notices jobs book an ad cars homes local listings local info



more









newsletters public notices jobs book an ad cars homes local listings local info



















                    subscribe
                


digital edition puzzles



























close



stay ahead with a digital subscription
subscribe



search











news




archive


community pride


education


features


letters


video


crime


nostalgia


planning









sport




city


knights


valkyrie


leeds


football


rugby


cricket


horse racing


other sports









business




business news


business awards


business magazines









what's on




local events


film reviews


theatre


music


comedy


exhibitions


showbiz









eating out









announcements




acknowledgements


death notices


in memoriam


public notices


other announcements


bereavement guide









e-editions




community pride awards 2021


yorkshire & harrogate living


york press top 100









photos




looking back in pictures


old pictures


your pictures









young reporter













                        subscribe
                    

digital edition puzzles

newsletters public notices jobs book an ad cars homes local listings local info



 





news


sport


business


what's on


eating out


announcements


e-editions


photos


young reporter






























        archive
        






            filters

            





or search by keyword




            display search results
        




18th february 2025











date
'woman arrested and charged with criminal damage for squishing 95p cream bun'
japanese lead the way in punishing petty crime


  the convenience stores and supermarkets are a happy hunting ground for shoplifters and thieving in this country who act with near impunity.


  if caught they tend to get nothing but a slapped wrist










date
woman allegedly pushed into alleyway and assaulted in coastal town
a woman was allegedly pushed into an alleyway and assaulted in a north yorkshire coastal town, police said.


  officers are appealing for information about the incident in new quay road, whitby, at about 3.30pm on saturday (february 15).


  a man










date
stamp duty increases april 2025 - what are the key rule changes?
stamp duty changes mean that many buyers are now rushing to get transactions over the finish line before duty bills increase in april.


  from april 1 2025 there are key rule changes including the threshold at which people start paying the tax will










date
lidl becomes first supermarket to launch tiktok shop with coupons  for shoppers
lidl will become the first uk supermarket to launch a tiktok shop this week as they release new limited-edition bundles for just £5.


  from 9am on thursday, middle-aisle lovers and fitness fanatics alike will be able to get their hands on the supermarket










date
energy bills set to rise 5 per cent in april, new forecast predicts
energy bills are set to rise again in april, with the latest forecast suggesting a 5 per cent hike for typical household energy bills.


  energy consultancy group cornwall insight said it expects regulator ofgem to reveal that the typical household










date
police-led 'joint operation' on taxi services in york issues ‘multiple tickets’
a multi-agency operation has been undertaken targeted at “ensuring the safety and compliance” of taxi services in york.


  north yorkshire police said the force’s neighbourhood policing team, british transport police and city of york council licensing










date
thieves take vehicle from major york road after it had broken down
thieves have taken a scooter from a major road in york which had broken down.


  north yorkshire police said the theft of the blue mondial imola 125cc machine – registration number pf22xou – took place at the side of the a1237 close to the turnoff










date
york in the 1980s:  long-lost pub inside iconic york building - do you miss it?
today's archive photo takes us back more than 40 years to a long-lost bar in an iconic york building.


  the photo dates from 1981 and shows a couple relaxing in style inside the bar at the bonding warehouse, on the york riverside by skeldergate bridge










date
fourteen-month social work training programme seeks recruits
the city of york council is seeking four recruits for its step up to social work programme.


  the scheme, which opened for recruitment on february 17 and will remain open until march 25, is an intensive 14-month training programme for graduates and










date
yorkshire building society feasegate branch to host advice session
yorkshire building society (ybs) will host an event in york to help people understand the property market.


  the event will take place at ybs's branch on 7/7a feasegate on friday, february 21 from 9am to 4pm.


  customers and members of the public










date
dobbies' york store pledges to raise funds for alzheimer's research uk
a garden centre has announced a new charity partnership.


  dobbies' york store has pledged to raise funds for alzheimer's research uk.


  the announcement, news of which was first shared on tuesday (february 18), comes as the retailer marks 160










date
tina the wheel lathe installed as part of multi-million pound project
a wheel lathe named tina has been installed as part of a multi-million pound project between network rail and york-based rail company northern.


  the machine, which reshapes and balances a train’s wheels following natural wear and tear in service










date
paul carrack to perform at scarborough's spa grand hall in june
paul carrack is set to perform at scarborough's spa grand hall.


  the sheffield-born singer will treat fans to a special one-off 'how long 50th anniversary tour' performance, to celebrate five decades of his career.


  carrack is known for hits










date
on this day: smiths preside over reopening of oxygen york play park
on this day in 2024, the york press reported on the official reopening of oxygen york at clifton moor retail park.


  a local york family, the smiths, presided over the reopening, with nanny pat, 70, and her grandson, jake smith, eight, cutting the










date
entries now open for 17th annual edition of york design awards
entries are now open for the 2025 edition of the york design awards.


  the 17th annual awards were launched at an event at st peter's school, attended by more than 80 people from the design and development industry.


  speakers included professor










date
'cynical': £15m government pledge to york's national railway museum slammed
the labour government’s re-commitment to £15 million previously pledged to help fund the expansion of york’s national railway museum has been branded a hokey cokey and cynical by opposition councillors.


  cllr nigel ayre, leader of the liberal democrat










date
'temporary’ medical centre on york brownfield site set to stay for two more years
a temporary medical centre that opened in york during the covid pandemic is set stay for two more years - and even be extended. 


  nimbuscare - an 11 gp practice co-operative - has applied to city of york council seeking permission to maintain its










date
university 'anticipates voluntary severances' amid need for £15m in savings
the head of the university of york said it needs “£15 million of financial improvements for the next financial year” and said it anticipated voluntary severance schemes to reduce costs.


  professor charlie jeffery, vice-chancellor and president of










date
york third among north yorkshire regions for drink-drive arrests
north yorkshire police made 453 arrests for driving over the limit in york between december 2021 and november 2024 - placing the region third after scarborough and ryedale (644) and harrogate and craven (608) but before hambleton & richmond (432) and










date
pictures: stunning new drone photos cast york in beautiful light
new aerial footage has emerged of a kaleidoscopic light show taking place in york.


  the press association has produced drone footage shot above the city’s colour and light show at york minster.


  the event, running from 6pm to 9pm daily until










date
revealed: extent of self-harm and bullying among young people in york
the extent of self-harming, bullying and worrying about the future among young people in york has been laid bare in a strategy which aims to support them.


  young people surveyed for york council’s youth strategy said they felt as though they did










date
alleged rapist flirted with two girls who didn't know him, jury told
an alleged rapist flirted with two girls he didn’t know before ringing them nine times in 70 minutes, wanting to know where they were, a jury heard.


  after one of the girls went home, defendant fahim khan, 18, rang her and told her he too had gone










date
rhs garden harlow carr retains plant healthy certification after audit
rhs garden harlow carr has retained its plant healthy certification.


  the garden was awarded the certification, which is developed by the plant health alliance, after an annual independent audit.


  the certification recognises the garden's commitment










date
york racecourse confirmed as new venue for group three criterion
york racecourse's newest raceday will feature pattern quality action.


  the group three al basti equiworld dubai criterion stakes has been confirmed as the feature race of a premier raceday on saturday, june 28 (which will be televised on itv).










date
works begin on harrogate hospital day case surgery and imaging centre
construction has started on a new day case surgery and imaging centre at harrogate district hospital.


  a ceremony at the hospital marked the start of the 18-month project, which is being undertaken by morgan sindall.


  the ceremony, held on friday










date
nearly 600 crimes committed by delivery drivers in north yorkshire in past six years
the number of crimes committed by delivery drivers in north yorkshire during the past six years has been revealed.


  north yorkshire police responded to a freedom of information (foi) request, which asked for crimes committed by delivery drivers










date
york restaurant reaches milestone with 'immense pride'
a york restaurant has celebrated a milestone anniversary with "immense pride".


  karoo bar & kitchen in george hudson street was opened by zach and nathan dutton-smith in 2020. the south african themed site was opened after the pair returned from










date
last member of sawn-off shotgun gang sentenced at york crown court
a man with “very challenging mental health problems” who got involved in an organised crime gang with a sawn-off shotgun has been given a supervision order.


  the leading members of the gang, rivers lee wilson, 23, of st johns walk, bridlington and










date
hair stylist involved in international shoots is best hairdresser 2025 finalist
a hairdresser who has overcome loss and travelled abroad to showcase her work is the next finalist in our best hairdresser competition.


  hair by aimee hetherton is the second of ten finalists in the york press best hairdresser contest.


  after










date
"we got absolutely embarrassed" - hinshelwood delivers verdict on barnet loss
“we got absolutely embarrassed here today and there’s no hiding from that.”


  those were the words of york city boss adam hinshelwood in a scathing review of his side’s 3-1 defeat at national league leaders barnet.


  city arrived in north london















contact us
manage consent
announcements
leap
cookie policy
terms & conditions
contributor terms
newsquest printing
advertise
newsletters
reader rewards
site map
exchange and mart
terms of advertising
privacy policy
diversity statement
photo sales
our publications
archive
add your event for free


follow us


                    @yorkpress
                


                    the press, york
                


                    the york press
                




                this website and associated newspapers adhere to the independent press standards organisation's
    editors' code of practice. if you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    if you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact ipso here


© 2001-2025.  newsquest media group ltd, 1st floor, chartist tower, upper dock street, newport, wales, np20 1dw  | 01676637 |
            











modal headline





close


automatically injected html goes here



    submit



    cancel







deactivate
piano meter debugger
data returned from the piano 'meteractive/meterexpired' callback event.















as a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
these adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.

it is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.


close



































