





mapletop software
















		   
	


mapletop softwarehigh quality & low price apps for palmos
welcome to our home page. our goal is to provide you with high quality & low price applications for the palm computing platform. we try to do our best to meet our users' needs. for this we need your feedback. let us know what you think about our apps and what features you are missing. thank you!

















back to top









home  -  
 download  -  
 register  -  
 accolades  -  
 screenshots  -  
 manual  -  
 faq  -  
 databases







price: $19.95













   

supermemo 2.0
top speed-learning software in your pocket




learn up to 10-50 times faster
compared with traditional methods such as flashcards
powerful repetition spacing algorithms that adapt to your brain
proven scientific method in constant development since 1987
indispensable tool for all kinds of professionals and students
easy way to memorize your own facts, numbers, foreign languages, etc.
learn anywhere and anytime you want
extreme portability and unique one-handed stylus-free operation
huge fonts for easy viewing
use up to 256 unique font combinations
unlimited number of databases and categories
beats the palm os limit of 16 categories
create your own databases
on your handheld or on your desktop
69 sample databases available
download them from supermemo knowledge goldmine
hi-res and color support
see screnshots with examples
full hardware keyboard support
type new items comfortably like on your desktop
easy to read manual
more than 150 helpful screenshots - download it or read it online
... and much more!
download the free demo and see for yourself


supermemo is also available in german language.






back to top









home  -  
 download  -  
 register  -  
 accolades  -  
 screenshots  -  
 faq







price: $9.95


















   

clockpro 1.4
versatile desk / alarm / travel clock





configurable user interface
professionally designed look and feel
extremely large digits
you will definitely see them without your glasses
configurable chiming
choose the period, days of the week and time of the day
alarm snooze
press pageup/down buttons or let clockpro snooze alarm automatically
timer/stopwatch counts up or down
count from and to any time between 0 and 100 hours with last 3 laps displayed
auto backlight
see how much more you can sleep on just one button press
10 interruptible alarm sounds
assign different sounds for clock, timer and alarm
auto-off disable
tap the lock, put your device into its cradle and you have a cool desk clock
date related information in 6 languages
dutch, english, french, german, latin and spanish
direct control of talelight, talevibes and screecher hardware
flashing, vibrating or extra loud alarm, chime and timer
and much more
just download and try!


clockpro is also available in german, spanish and swedish language.












back to top









home  -  
 download  -  
 register  -  
 accolades  -  
 screenshots  -  
 maxims






grayscale...       color...


price: $7.95

















   

nomess 3.1
addictive game of thinking & luck




fast paced action
this is not a boring board game!
simple rules yet quite challenging
form a line of the same shapes to blast them away
7 difficulty levels
hours of fun guaranteed
two different game modes
play with or without power scoring, jokers, bombs and fixed pieces
22 different piece images
the game never looks the same
nice animation, graphics and sound
you will like to play, hear and watch it
plays in black & white, grayscale or color
pick the graphic mode you like
qvga certified application
supports both standard (160x160) and qvga (240x320) displays
beamable high scores
synchronize your scores with your friends
you have to see it in action
just download and try!


nomess is also available in dutch, french, german,italian, norwegian, portuguese, spanish and swedish language.










back to top









home  -  
 download  -  
 register  -  
 accolades  -  
 screenshots  -  
 faq








price: $9.95

















   

icoedit 1.4.1
edit app names and icons right in your palm




edit big and small icons, app names and versions
works with any app in your ram
arrange apps in your launcher by changing their names
move the most often used apps to the top
improve your navigation in the list view
add small icons for apps that do not have them
export list of all apps to memo pad
keep track of installed apps and their size, name and version
reveal duplicate apps
many flashbuilder users have apps both in rom and ram
backup your apps
back up selected applications on your desktop
clean and safe way of editing icons
no hacks, no system patches, no system slowdown
compatible with all app launchers
works with built-in palmos and 3rd party launchers
original icons can be restored at any time
no need to worry about messing up your display
create icons for datebk3
copy icon string to clipboard and paste to datebk3 memo
easy to use interface and tools
shift, flip, reflect, invert, copy, paste, undo, and more
beam icons to other icoedit users
share your work with your friends














back to top









home  -  
 download  -  
 register  -  
 accolades  -  
 screenshots  -  
 faq







price: $7.95















   

colauncher 1.0.1
indispensable companion to your launcher





a must-have supplemental launcher
launch apps instantly via graffiti or hardware buttons
very fast launching
launch apps from anywhere without your big launcher
clean and safe operation
no hacks or system patches used
up to 62 apps launched via graffiti shortcuts
e.g. write 'a' to launch address book
up to 39 apps launched via hardware buttons
e.g. press memopad twice to launch your favorite clock
many actions available
launching and switching apps, preference panels, graffiti help, backlight and more














back to top









© 1998 - 2014 by mapletop software



