








home | department of psychological sciences































































































skip to navigation
skip to uconn search
skip to content

our websites may use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience. by continuing without changing your cookie settings, you agree to this collection. for more information, please see our university websites privacy notice.








uconn


university of connecticut school of 

                                university of connecticut                            





search university of connecticut

search uconn







a to z index

uconn a to z index







site a-z




uconn a-z
















college of liberal arts and sciencesdepartment of psychological sciences 


search this sitesearch in https://psychology.uconn.edu/>search 












 toggle navigation    
department of psychological sciences


homeabout

about us news events scholarships and awards support the department contact us

people

administration and staff faculty directory graduate student directory alumni

undergraduate

undergraduate education program options

majors minors

 advising

undergraduate advising office policies and forms undergraduate events resources

 get involved

ways to get involved internships undergraduate research

 after graduation

preparing for graduate school jobs and careers



graduate

graduate education degree programs

ph.d. program concentrations

behavioral neuroscience and neuroscience clinical psychology developmental psychology ecological psychology industrial and organizational psychology language and cognition social psychology

 ph.d. testimonials ph.d. admissions faq accelerated ms program

 graduate certificate programs

program options diversity science health psychology occupational health psychology quantitative research methods

 current students

courses forms policies, guidelines, and resources graduate student advisory committee

 funding and support careers admissions

research

research overview research laboratories centers and institutes participant pool

psychological services clinic

about the clinic services payments staff

diversity, equity, and inclusion


search this sitesearch in https://psychology.uconn.edu/>search 

















the department of psychological sciences at uconn is the home of research and teaching about the brain, mind, and behavior.
academic programs
we offer general psychology education and specialized training at all levels, from individual neurons to the social interactions that shape society. 
undergraduate programs
graduate programs
by the numbers
1,000+
undergraduate majors
60+
faculty at five uconn campuses 
4
board of trustees distinguished professors
50+
externally funded grants
quick links
undergraduate advisingour undergraduate advising office provides accurate and individualized support so that you can make the most of your education. 
advising support
graduate admissionsthe department offers a ph.d. program, several interdisciplinary graduate certificates, and an accelerated master's program open to uconn undergraduates.
graduate admissions
psychological services clinicwe offer mental health services to clients of all ages in eastern connecticut while training uconn clinical psychology students.
find services
research
the department is consistently ranked in the top 15 psychology departments for total research and development spending by the national science foundation. our faculty are award-winning researchers and educators who collaborate across boundaries, divisions, and departments. 
research programs
faculty directory
recent news









the science of music’s healing power


ed large’s journey has taken him from playing bluegrass to helping alzheimer’s patients improve their memory











uconn researcher sheds new light on importance of hair satisfaction for black adolescent girls









eight students earn scholarships from gilman foundation









moving as one: discovering how synchronous movements strengthen social bonds


 


 








instagramlinkedintwittersupport the department
undergraduate students
make an advising appointment
academic policies and forms
get involved in research
career development resources
participant pool

graduate students
admissions
ph.d. concentrations
ph.d. program sequence
graduate certificates
policies, guidelines, and resources

faculty and staff
department policies
travel and purchasing
room reservations & course change
psych it
seminars and events

contact usphone: (860) 486-3515e-mail: psychology@uconn.eduaddress: bousfield psychology building

406 babbidge road, unit 1020
storrs, ct 06269-1020

fax: (860) 486-2760  

 



							© university of connecticut


disclaimers, privacy & copyright


accessibility


webmaster login

a-z index





























