




joint pain - arthritis relief and gout treatment




















arthritis:
osteoarthritis relief
osteoarthritis treatment
common ra symptoms
rheumatoid arthritis diet
rheumatoid arthritis treatment

gout:
cherry juice gout remedy
foods high in uric acid
gout treatments
low purine diet
gout relief
diet for gout
increased uric acid levels
gout foods

treating pain:
arthritis pain relief medicine
alternative arthritis pain reliever
glucosamine benefits
joint pain medication
lower back pain remedies
msm benefits
natural anti inflammatory
natural treatments
natural remedies for arthritis
pills for arthritis

arthritis drugs:
bextra side effects
celebrex side effects
ceoxx heart attack
ceoxx side effects
vioxx heart attack
vioxx side effects

joint pain relief:
natural arthritis supplement
arthritis resources



joint pain was created to help people with osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis and related disorders learn about treatments to ease symptoms and help them lead a more comfortable life.

there are natural treatments for joint pain that can have significant benefits, and more and more people are choosing safer alternatives to treat joint pain due to arthritis.






joint pain - arthritis relief and gout treatment


we are happy to introduce joint pain, a resource for osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis and gout sufferers, as well as those with similar chronic pain conditions.
 millions of people suffer the painful symptoms of arthritis and related diseases, which include inflammation, swelling, redness and stiffness.  although there are literally hundreds of different kinds, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis and gout are the three most common.
  
  as far as treatments are concerned, until recently the most popular have been the nsaids, or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, such as vioxx, celebrex and bextra. unfortunately these prescription medications come with potentially painful side effects.  one such medication, vioxx, was recalled due to increased risk of stroke and heart attack in patients who were taking the drug for an extended period of time.  bextra was also pulled from shelves and celebrex is currently under fire.
 although these drugs can be helpful in treating symptoms, due to the possible adverse effects more and more people are seeking safer, natural alternatives such as glucosamine, chondroitin, turmeric, same, msm and fish oil to treat their painful symptoms.
 you may be surprised to learn that many natural remedies for arthritis can be as effective if not more so than prescription and over-the-counter anti-inflammatory drugs, and as such might be a better solution for those that suffer the debilitating joint pain, swelling and inflammation of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis and gout.
  


osteoarthritis
learn about the most common type of arthritis.
osteoarthritis occurs as the protective, cushiony cartilage covering the bones wears away, resulting in bones rubbing together.  this friction causes joint pain and swelling, and worsens as the cartilage breaks down further.

osteoarthritis most commonly affects the hands, hips, knee and spine, and worsens with age.


rheumatoid arthritis
a chronic joint disease.
less common but equally debilitating, rheumatoid arthritis, or ra, is a condition whereby the body's natural immune system mistakenly causes the joint lining to swell, leading to inflammation that can spread to surrounding tissues.

rheumatoid arthritis can lead to cartilage as well as bone damage. 


gout
learn about a painful arthritis-related condition.
most commonly affecting the toes, knees and wrists, gout is marked by the body's inability to rid itself of uric acid, a naturally forming substance.  this buildup causes needle-like crystals in the joints which can be extremely painful.  gout treatment can be accomplished with a reduction in high purine food sources and food that can help lower uric acid formation


what causes arthritis?
find out why people get arthritis and related conditions.
the cause of arthritis joint pain is unknown, but most scientists believe that heredity and lifestyle choices play a major role.

although the exact causes are unknown, there are risk factors that have been established.  following are these risk factors:

1. increased age - studies show that your risk of developing joint pain and arthritis goes up as you get older.

2. gender - you are more likely to develop arthritis if you are female than if you are male.  men are less susceptible to osteoarthritis and related conditions.

3. weight - the heavier you are, the more stress you put on your joints.  therefore, you are more likely to develop a condition than someone who is not putting as much pressure on his or her weight-bearing joints.

4.  lifestyle/work - heavy lifting can stress joints and lead to joint pain and injury.  if your job entails heavy lifting, or if you work out with big weights, you are more apt to develop a joint condition.






featured arthritis treatment
relieve arthritis pain significantly




discover how not just joints can treat arthritis pain naturally without the side effects of prescription drugs.



 






© joint pain, inc. 2005-2016    |    contact  |   disclaimer & privacy  




