       
	oregon dental association | american dental association
                                      




welcome, 

logout


contact us
find a dentist
join/renew
login












 
adasso


salesforce [a-f]


salesforce [g-l]


salesforce [m]


salesforce [n-r]


salesforce [s-z]


salesforce [m2]


salesforce [a-f2]

      

















         




about us







contact us







meet the staff






leadership / governance







oda board of trustees







strategic plan





oda board highlights





board of trustees resources






councils and committees




leadership academy




ada 11th district leaders







11th district caucus







reference committee preferences form









house of delegates








house of delegates archive







bylaws





component officer resources






component dental societies








component officer resources






oda members




tom tucker humanitarian award




oda new dentist award




dental foundation of oregon




diversity and inclusion policy






join & renew




member center







oda annual membership report




join / renew




volunteer







dental foundation of oregon - tooth taxi




councils and committees





volunteer orientation






publications







membership matters




classified advertising






oda dental career connect




mentor program




student / early career resources






meetings & events







calendar of events




oregon dental conference







sponsors




exhibit hall




lodging & transportation




registration




speakers




new dentists




policies and procedures




exhibit at the odc







2020 exhibitor directory






future dates




speaker submission




2023 odc archive




2022 odc archive




2021 odc archive




2020 odc archive







house of delegates




regional event 2024







re 2024 pricing




re 2024 lodging




regional event itinerary




re speakers




re social events




re 2024 sponsors






winter webinar series






government and regulatory affairs







advocacy







2025 legislative session




legislative action team




legislative concept submissions




legislative archive




oregon action for dental health







oda member highlights




research






community water fluoridation




solutions for dental care access




members in action







dr. rachel meek




dr. olesya salathe




dr. ronald sakaguchi




dr. stacy geisler




dr. alanson randol




dr. michael plunkett




dr. kurt ferre




dr. schoblaske








regulatory information







regulatory updates




vaccines




dea registration






dopac






for the public







find a dentist




low cost dental care




why should i see a dentist?




dental health faq




what do dentists do?







oral health






dental careers




peer review







patient rights & responsibilities




peer review request






health fair resources







teach me how to brushy video






community water fluoridation






wellness




  
            skip to main content
         









                        as the voice of oregon’s dentists, the oda advocates tirelessly on your behalf.

                            
learn more








oda dental career connect

                        the dental community's resource for connections and advancement.

                            
learn more








introducing the winter webinar series

                        in the winter of 2025, we will be offering a webinar a month to our members. each webinar will focus on an oregon board of dentistry required course so that you can get your ce before the deadline for licensure. also, these webinars are absolutely free. in 2025, oda delivers ce opportunities!

                            
learn more








april 3 - 5, 2025 at the oregon convention center

                        register today to join thousands of dental professionals at oregon's premiere dental conference. at odc you can earn high-quality dental ce, shop all things dentistry in the exhibit hall, and enjoy special events all while building relationships with your oregon dental community! 

                            
register here








talkspace go available for ada members

                        access self-directed therapy tools, live workshops and more as part of membership. start your journey to better mental health today!

                            
sign in for access code

















welcome to the oregon dental association!oregon dental association is dedicated to advancing the dental profession and promoting the highest standard of oral health and oral healthcare.established in 1893, oda is a voluntary membership organization for oregon dentists. we provide continuing education, advocacy and other services for dentists and public information to promote good dental health. oda is comprised of 16 local dental societies throughout oregon that provide continuing education and service programs in their local communities.the american dental association (ada), based in chicago, is oda's parent organization. ada provides research, public information and continuing education programs. the ada represents dentistry through national legislative and regulatory efforts and provides patient education materials on preventive care and dental health.the oda’s charitable arm, the dental foundation of oregon (dfo) was founded in 1982 and is dedicated to advancing oral health education, providing charitable care and coordinating resources for oregon’s children and vulnerable communities.



save the date for odc 2025:april 3-5 in portlanddentists, hygienists and the entire dental team can earn 18+ ce credits, attend top of the line workshops, shop the 2-day dental exhibit hall, and more at oregon's largest dental conference! registration opens january 9, 2025.more info here











                                join/renew
                            







                                advocacy
                            







                                endorsed products/services
                            







                                oregon dental conference
                            







                                wellness initiative
                            







                                publications
                            







                                oda members in action
                            







                                oda dental career connect
                            











                                dental foundation of oregon
                            







                                find a dentist
                            







                                low cost dental care
                            














       

stay connected


















 

   general information join/renew american dental association   sections about us member center meetings & events government affairs for the public   resources become a member oregon dental conference publications accessibility     
                copyright © 2025
                oregon dental association. reproduction or republication strictly prohibited without prior written permission.
               privacy policy   terms of use   contact us             "ada-bwt-national":"houseads"   
