







home - bemedwise



























































 

























 
donate




 menu

about us

about us
our supporters
become a supporter of bemedwise
contact us
community guidelines
editorial policy
privacy policy


get informed

talk about your medicines month
health research and reports

self-care report and resources


health resources and toolkits

for all medicine users
for parents
for tweens, teens & young adults
for older adults
for caregivers
toolkits- all audiences
prevent prescription medicine abuse toolkits

college resource kit
teen influencer workshop
not worth the risk – even if it’s legal
resources for community action

awareness
prevention
recovery
treatment




acetaminophen safe use toolkits

be acetaminophen savyy: college campuses

10 tips to be “medicine smart”
communications lab
read the label 101


be acetaminophen savyy:  teen influencer

teach teens to use acetaminophen safely and appropriately
teach them safe use
teens at risk
the drug facts label: teach teens how to be “medicine smart”


be acetaminophen savvy: older adults

is it safe to take acetaminophen?
older adults and medicine use
acetaminophen questions for your healthcare provider
safety concerns for pain medicines for older adults
tips for using acetaminophen safely


medicines containing acetaminophen


safe needle disposal
health storylines


free printable resources library
webinars
bemedwise monthly newsletter


use medicine safely

you, your medicines & self-care
maximize medicine benefits
minimize medicine risks

prevent medication interactions
lower the risks of medication side effects


use your prescription medicines safely

how to read prescription drug labels
branded prescription drugs, generics & biosimilars


use over-the-counter medicines safely

how to read an otc drug facts label
otcs, dietary supplements , & herbal remedies


use pain medicines safely

special focus: acetaminophen


medication management for older adults
medication management for caregivers
are you caring for sick kids?
safe medicine storage  & disposal
safeneedledisposal.org


ask questions

why ask health questions?
10 questions to ask about the medicines you take
healthy conversation checklist
plan for passing on


prevent abuse

the dangers of medicine abuse
educate kids and communities
substance use disorder clinics
opioidawareness.org


help with cost



search for:










  













protect your ability to live your best life.					

get educated about osteoporosis.					

rely on the bone health & osteoporosis foundation.					







ready to show your otc med-safety smarts?					

make sure you know how to avoid common medication mistakes					

play the triage game!					







the gerontological society of america advances innovation in aging.					

get support to enable a meaningful life as you age.					

access valuable free resources.					







building trust takes patients.					

rabblehealth is radically transforming patients’ lives.					

learn all about it.					









maximize your medicine benefits
medication “adherence” assures the maximum beneficial impact of the medicines you take, and minimizes risk. this means taking your medicines precisely according to instructions.
get tips



minimize your medicine risks
all medicines come with risks, many of which can be prevented or avoided. learn tips to reduce side effects, avoid drug interactions and prevent medication errors.
get tips













bemedwise recognizes the following partner for their continued support















 








 bemedwise program at needymeds
50 whittemore st.,
gloucester, ma 01930
phone: (978) 281-6666
email: info@bemedwise.org

 

 





bemedwise program at needymeds encourages healthcare professionals and community groups to foster patient–professional communication about medicines. however, bemedwise does not supervise or endorse the activities of any group or professional. discussion and action concerning medicines are solely the responsibility of the patient and their healthcare professionals, and not bemedwise.







 

 
 
 







 





 





























