












get it write online | writing skills development for professionals








































 












1+ 803-479-5092
ntuten@getitwriteonline.com



facebook


 





facebook



subscribe
client list
philosophy
privacy policy
 












home
professional development

in-person courses, seminars, and conference presentations

punctuation
logic, clarity, and precision
grammar essentials
short, interactive presentations
customized workshops


online courses
blog archive
custom style manuals


blog
about nancy tuten

credentials
philosophy
testimonials
clients


contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 










writing skills training and resources

if your writing looks professional,so do you.

view our services













who we are

dr. nancy tuten founded get it write in 1991. since then, she has taught seminars on writing-related issues to professionals in the public and private sectors, including federal and state government employees, judges and staff members of state and federal court systems, private attorneys, law school faculty and students, and employees in the financial sector (client list).
from 1988 to 2019, nancy taught writing and literature at columbia college, serving for eight years as dean of the division of communication, languages, and literatures and for fifteen years as director of the writing-across-the-curriculum program.








what we offer

get it write offers customized writing skills seminars as well as free access to articles on common grammar, mechanics, and usage issues.





face-to-face seminarswe offer seminars ranging in length from one hour to several days and covering a wide range of writing-related issues: grammar, mechanics, usage, clarity, organization, focus, development, an economy of language, and audience awareness.
read more

online coursesvisit the get it write online academy to learn about asynchronous online courses. learn at your own pace from video lectures, content quizzes, practice exercises, and video reviews.
read more



articlesseveral times a month, we publish short articles addressing common questions professionals have about writing and about english grammar, mechanics, and usage. search the archive of past articles, and subscribe to have the latest content delivered to your inbox.
read more

additional services
executive resumes and cover letters
editing projects
in-house-style guides

contact us












as a freelancer i have often consulted books and websites for grammatical advice. nancy tuten is the best i've found. she is the only one who anticipated my questions with straightforward answers and clear examples. i look forward to consulting get it write online every time i am confronted by a grammatical quandary.
- walter n., freelance writer








a gifted lecturer who delivers content in an interactive and comprehensive fashion, nancy has mastered the art of engaged presentations designed to enhance the writing  skills of her audience.
- the hon. justice gillian lucky, high court of trinidad and tobago, chair, judicial education institute








the program is outstanding. nancy makes complex topics accessible with her clear explanations and helpful materials.  her interactive program and lively presentation style (and sense of humor) make learning easy and enjoyable.
- margaret perry, senior state and federal appellate attorney








this course was precisely what i needed. i cannot recall a single issue we covered that will not be extremely helpful. i now realize how much help i need to be effective in my written communication.
- fred lancaster, national account manager, united parcel service








nancy (tuten) makes what could be a dry subject very interesting.  she works to make the content relevant. the course was excellent.
- samantha williams, director of training and development, s.c. department of public safety








my entire office should enroll in this workshop. i wish i had taken it sooner. in the past, some of this information was difficult for me to understand, but not today.
- bonnie ziegler, personnel services, s.c. budget and control board internal operations








your excellent and informative articles have helped to demystify, and put straight, a number of grammatical quandaries i had!  i appreciate your taking complex issues and providing crystal-clear explanations in common-sense language, with lucid and logical examples to test one’s knowledge.
- robert marshall
chartered insurance practitioner, erskine murray insurance brokers 












recent articles







a slip of the ear: misheard and misused expressions

aug 15, 2024 | clarity and precision, miscellany, word usagewe humans are notorious for butchering our native tongue in strange and often humorous ways. but did you know there are terms for some of those linguistic faux pas?  let’s take a look at a few kinds of misheard and misused expressions: malapropisms a malapropism is...
read more




when sentences start with “here” or “there”

mar 8, 2024 | grammar, nouns, pronouns, and verbsin most declarative english sentences, the subject precedes the verb. but when a sentence starts with either here or there, the order is often reversed, and we are tempted to use a singular verb when we need a plural one. can you spot the agreement error in each of...
read more




myself (and other reflexive pronouns)

dec 19, 2023 | nouns, pronouns, and verbselsewhere on this site, we explain when to use i and me. this article is specifically about myself and other reflexive pronouns. people commonly misuse myself. sometimes they mistakenly use it as a subject, such as in the expression “anna and myself are going home.”...
read more





explore more











contact us






name


email address


message






1 + 15 = 


send message







 









for nearly three decades, dr. nancy tuten has taught seminars on writing-related issues to professionals in the public and private sectors, including federal and state government employees, judges and staff members of state and federal court systems, private attorneys, law school faculty and students, and employees in the financial sector.
menusubscribe
client list
philosophy
privacy policy
categories

clarity and precision

grammar

mechanics

miscellany

modifiers

nouns, pronouns, and verbs

punctuation

titles

uncategorized

word usage

writing


quick linksarticle archive
courses
 






facebook


© 2024 get it write. all rights reserved. 








get it write uses cookies to enhance your experience on our website. by using our website you consent to our use of cookies.



privacy preferences
i agree









 

privacy preference center




options




consent management
cookie settings

advertisinganalytics 








consent management


data protection policy
get it write online
last updated	1/29/19
definitions
business	means get it write online.
gdpr	means the general data protection regulation.
responsible person	means nancy tuten.
register of systems	means a register of all systems or contexts in which personal data is processed by the business.
1. data protection principles
the business is committed to processing data in accordance with its responsibilities under the gdpr. 
article 5 of the gdpr requires that personal data shall be
a.	processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner in relation to individuals;
b.	collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes; further processing for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes shall not be considered to be incompatible with the initial purposes;
c.	adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed;
d.	accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date; every reasonable step must be taken to ensure that personal data that are inaccurate, having regard to the purposes for which they are processed, are erased or rectified without delay;
e.	kept in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed; personal data may be stored for longer periods insofar as the personal data will be processed solely for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes subject to implementation of the appropriate technical and organizational measures required by the gdpr in order to safeguard the rights and freedoms of individuals; and
f.	processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data, including protection against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or organizational measures.”

2. general provisions
a.	this policy applies to all personal data processed by the business. 
b.	the responsible person shall take responsibility for the business’s ongoing compliance with this policy. 
c.	this policy shall be reviewed at least annually. 
d.	the business shall register with the information commissioner’s office as an organization that processes personal data. 
3. lawful, fair and transparent processing 
a.	to ensure its processing of data is lawful, fair and transparent, the business shall maintain a register of systems. 
b.	the register of systems shall be reviewed at least annually. 
c.	individuals have the right to access their personal data and any such requests made to the business shall be dealt with in a timely manner. 
4. lawful purposes
a.	all data processed by the business must be done on one of the following lawful bases: consent, contract, legal obligation, vital interests, public task or legitimate interests (see ico guidance for more information). 
b.	the business shall note the appropriate lawful basis in the register of systems.
c.	where consent is relied upon as a lawful basis for processing data, evidence of opt-in  consent shall be kept with the personal data. 
d.	where communications are sent to individuals based on their consent, the option for the individual to revoke their consent should be clearly available and systems should be in place to ensure such revocation is reflected accurately in the business’s systems.  
5. data minimization: the business shall ensure that personal data are adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed. 

6. accuracy
a.	the business shall take reasonable steps to ensure personal data is accurate. 
b.	where necessary for the lawful basis on which data is processed, steps shall be put in place to ensure that personal data is kept up to date. 
7. archiving / removal
a.	to ensure that personal data is kept for no longer than necessary, the business shall put in place an archiving policy for each area in which personal data is processed and review this process annually. 
b.	the archiving policy shall consider what data should/must be retained, for how long, and why. 
8. security
a.	the business shall ensure that personal data is stored securely using modern software that is kept-up-to-date.  
b.	access to personal data shall be limited to personnel who need access, and appropriate security should be in place to avoid unauthorised sharing of information. 
c.	when personal data is deleted this should be done safely such that the data is irrecoverable. 
d.	appropriate back-up and disaster recovery solutions shall be in place. 
9. breach
in the event of a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, personal data, the business shall promptly assess the risk to people’s rights and freedoms and if appropriate report this breach to the ico (more information on the ico website). 
end of policy




necessary







advertising


show targeted ads


cookies used



on
off



google adsense






analytics


website usage data


cookies used



on
off



google analytics






other


























ok














