
















home - foundation for community association research












































data driven. industry focused.
contact us
donate
youtube
cai
  
 
 










about us

board of directors
foundation staff
catalyst


donate

annual contributors
sponsorship and donor opportunities
bequests
think tank

think tank members




research/data & statistics

housing projections and industry data
fact book

fact book 2023 dashboard


homeowner satisfaction survey

homeowner satisfaction survey dashboard
homeowner satisfaction survey archive


salary survey

participate in the 2024 salary survey


snap surveys
large-scale community benchmarking survey
management company benchmarking survey
financial planning outlook
research request


publications

best practices reports
aging infrastructure
creating harmony in diverse communities
manager engagement
technology & data security

technology task force members


catalyst
press releases


scholarships and awards

roy hailey memorial education scholarship
byron hanke fellowship

apply for the byron hanke fellowship
who is byron hanke?


homeowner leader of the year award


 





select page


  
 



 



 














support the foundation thank you for supporting the foundation for community association research and our mission by making a tax-deductible contribution. your donation is essential to the continued growth of the foundation and future research initiatives.
donate today!









housing predictions for 2025review our community association housing predictions and analysis of real estate trends for the coming year.
learn more









new snap survey on the fannie mae and freddie mac lending guidelinesreview our findings on the impact of fannie mae and freddie mac lending guidelines on condominiums and housing cooperatives. we gathered insights from hundreds of participants to understand the impact on financing, property values, and market trends.
learn more









2024 homeowner satisfaction survey resultsfor the 10th time in 19 years, americans living in homeowners associations and condominiums have told pollsters they are overwhelmingly satisfied in their communities.
learn more









manager compensation and benefits surveypurchase digital access to our community association manager compensation and salary survey, sponsored by innovia co-op.
learn more









the community association fact bookthe latest community association fact book, the most comprehensive compilation of national and state community association data, includes several new components including an interactive map of the u.s.
dig in!










u.s. national data, 2024






population in community associations in millions




number of community associations




value of homes in community associations in trillions of dollars



%
u.s. housing in community associations






















mission statement
the foundation for community association research provides authoritative research and analysis on community association trends, issues, and operations. our mission is to foster successful and sustainable communities.




 








contact us
privacy policy
 
 





facebook




instagram




linkedin




twitter




youtube


© 2024 foundation for community association research  

 
 
 


pin it on pinterest



























share this





facebook





linkedin





twitter





























