







the w. h. auden society



home | sitemap |
books | poems 
| recordings |
news | notes | 
criticism | links |
newsletter | archives | 
members | copyright |
search
the w. h. auden society


an important message to current members: all 
current members of the society have on-line access to all current and recent 
numbers of the newsletter through a 
password-protected page on this site. we have e-mailed the password to all 
current members whose e-mail addresses are in our files. if you are a current 
member of the society and have not received an e-mail with your password, please 
send an e-mail to makerofweb(at)audensociety(dot)org. (of course, please replace 
the parenthetical words with the @ sign and a dot.) if you have not renewed your 
membership recently, please feel free to do so through a link on the
membership page. older numbers of the newsletter 
continue to be publicly available on the archives page.
the only e-mail message that the society ever sends is a 
notification (with download link) of a new number of the newsletter. if 
you do not want to receive that notification, please contact the 
webmaster at the address at the foot of this page. 

forthcomng events are now 
listed on a separate page.


news items:
the two volumes of auden's poems in 
the 
princeton university press edition of the complete works of w. h. auden 
were published in the us in june  2022 and in the uk and 
europe in august 2022.
a critical edition of the shield 
of achilles, edited by alan jacobs, has been published by

princeton univerity press.
the society's  newsletter 41 (february 2023) 
has been
posted online. 
members of the society who have supplied the webmaster with their e-mail 
addresses have been sent a message with the password that is required to view or 
download the file. if you have not received this e-mail message, and you are a 
current member of the society, kindly send a message to the webmaster (including 
your full name) using the address at the foot of this page. 
a recording of a conference at the university of toronto, 1971, 
with auden, marshall mcluhan, and others, has been posted 
on this site.
the soundtrack of the film, with narration by auden, shown at us 
hemisfair '68, in san diego, may be heard either at the

university of texas at san antonio digital collection (note that some web 
browsers will not play the recording; in case of difficulty, try firefox) or
directly from this site. 
thanks to angelica cordero for reporting this link, and to alex shenker for 
initiating the search.
auden's lecture "on the hero in modern poetry", delivered at san 
francisco state university, 11 october 1954, is now

available online. this lecture inaugurated the poetry center at sfsu, and 
the center's digital archive now hosts auden's lecture. the society thanks steve 
dickison of sfsu for making this recording available.
a recording of auden's last reading, at the palais palffy, 
vienna, 28 september 1973, has come into the society's hands and
may be heard on this site.
printed copies will be posted to members who 
subscribe at the institutional rate. two online versions of the newsletter have been 
posted: one designed for
online 
reading or to be printed one page to a sheet, the other designed to be
printed on two sides of the page and folded and stapled as a booklet. all 
recent numbers of the newsletter may be found on a
separate page.
auden's televised 1971 
reading (and updating) of "the unknown citizen" has been posted here, thanks 
to the generosity of the producer.
some recent and forthcoming books about auden 
are listed here:




auden and the muse of history, by susannah young-ah gottlieb




the landscapes of w. h. auden's interwar poetry: roots and routes, 
	by ladislav vit




auden's syllabic verse, by richard hillyer




what w. h. auden can do for you, by alexander mccall smith


an outbreak of forged signatures of auden 
seems to have occurred during the past few years, and a number of them have been 
offered for sale, or have been sold. a few of them are
noted on this site.
a note on dubious quotations from auden in a book by jonah lehrer titled imagine	has been added to an earlier page listing a few things auden never wrote.
a highly accurate, thoroughly
  revised version of the wikipedia.org entry on auden 
is now available. this site 
strongly recommends that online researchers make reference to the archived version of the page, 
in the link above, rather than to current versions, which may be less 
accurate or may be subject to vandalism. (a page on

wystanus hugo auden in the latin-language vicipedia may also be of 
interest.)
older versions of the society's web site may be found in the

british library's web archive.
see also some further notes that may be 
of interest.



  the w. h. auden society commemorates the life and work of one
  of the greatest poets in the english language.

 this web site offers a list of books by wystan hugh 
  auden, links to some of his poems, a selective list 
  of recordings of his readings and of musical settings 
  of his poems, and (to be added in the near future) a biography. recent news 
  of publications and events of interest to auden's readers, reports of work 
  in progress, and brief scholarly and interpretive notes 
  may also be found here. visitors seeking further information can find selective 
  lists of published  criticism and biography, links 
  to other web sites, and the  archives of the society's 
   newsletter. you may search the 
contents of this site.
 authors and publishers seeking permission to quote the 
writings of w. h. auden may consult the 
copyright page.
 the auden museum in kirchstetten, 
in the attic of auden's house, is maintained by the community of kirchstetten. 
access is restricted, because the house is privately owned. to visit, make an 
appointment with maria rollenitz by telephone: +43-2743-8696. some photographs 
of the museum may be found
here, on a 
page from a site intended for a conference that was unfortunately cancelled.
a page of 
frequently asked questions contains information about the poems by auden quoted in tuesdays with morrie 
(“september 1, 1939”) and in four weddings and a funeral (“stop all the 
clocks...”). 

 information is available about  membership in 
  the w. h. auden society and its officers, and 
  a list of contacts is provided for authors and publishers seeking copyright permission to quote, reprint, or translate 
  auden's works. a map of this site is provided.
you may 
join the society on-line using a credit card and a web-based 
transaction service. details may be found on the 
membership page.
following the ratification of its 
constitution in may 2004, the society is now registered with the charity 
commission for england and wales as charity no. 1104496. the w. h. auden society is registered as a not-for-profit corporation in the 
  state of new york. 
all works by auden quoted on this site are copyright by the 
  estate of w. h. auden and used with the permission of the estate.


some further notes that may be of 
interest:

w. h. 
auden's revising process, a series of eleven articles by yoshinari 
s. yamada, first published in 1974-1990, is now available from this site as 
a single pdf file.
auden's revisions, by w. d. quesenbery, 
is a book-length study that the author completed shortly before his death. 
through the generosity of his daughter whitney quesenbery 
the entire book is 
available on this site in pdf format, together with a 
separate copyright 
notice. readers should confirm all readings listed in this study against the 
original text, as it includes many errors which the author would surely have 
corrected had he lived long enough to do so.
a warning to potential buyers of auden memorabilia: 
three items in auden's handwriting were offered for sale on ebay in march 2009; 
two of them are not exactly what the auction listings describe them as being, 
and potential bidders should beware. the item described as "very 
rare authentic w. h. auden handwritten poem" is not a poem at all, but a 
partial pencil draft of the index of the first lines of the poems that auden 
selected for inclusion in an anthology, the faber book of modern american 
verse, published in 1956; every line is the first line of one of the poems 
in the anthology, all written by other poets. the item described as "authentic 
w. h. auden handwritten polish ballet notes" is a printed programme booklet 
with notes not written by auden, but someone else who has not been 
identified; the lot also includes a three-by-five-inch index card with notes 
that are, however, in auden's hand; the notes are a brief list of poems by the 
american poet william vaughn moody, evidently listed for possible inclusion in 
the same faber book of modern american verse. the item described as "authentic 
w. h. auden driver's license" is, however, accurately described, and is 
evidently auden's driver's license, apparently issued in december 1968.
news that wasn't: the london newspaper the 
independent splashed across its front page on 5 september 2007 the news 
that three "lost" schoolboy poems by auden had been rediscovered. these three 
unsigned poems were in fact known to researchers for many decades, and there 
seem to be no convincing reason to believe that auden wrote any of them. it is 
of course not impossible that auden was the author, but they could equally well 
have been written by almost any literate schoolboy of the period. katherine 
bucknell, the editor of auden's juvenilia, has argued in the society's
newsletter that one of the poems was written by auden's friend robert 
medley. probably no one will ever know who actually wrote these poems, and, as 
auden wrote in "archaeology," "guessing is always / more fun than knowing."
a note on reinaldo 
javier sanchez from venezuela: some years ago, the society received an e-mail from reinaldo 
javier sanchez, who describes himself as a professor of english at a university 
in venezuela, asking for a copy of auden's collected poems 
to sent to him by air mail;  he writes that he needs 
it for a project that he has planned for his students. if other webmasters 
should receive a similar request, they may wish to read some earlier messages 
written by prof. javier sanchez. examples of such messages may be found

here and here, 
and further messages from prof. javier sanchez - who evidently teaches a wide range of 
subjects, is deeply committed to his 
students, is sometimes male and sometimes female, and has remained 25 years old 
from at least 2004 through 2009 - may be found through a web search. for some unknown reason, prof. 
javier sanchez's name does not appear in the

directory of the university in which he claims to teach.

 webmaster e-mail address: makerofweb(-at-)audensociety(-dot-)org 
05 april 2024



