


creating community currency


creating community currency




  home
  |  
resources
  |  9-11
  |  
events  





the difference between money and real wealth

creating community currencies







carol brouillet's blog, latest entry-   august 6, 2011.  



questioning the war on terrorism


september 11- unanswered questions

questioning the 2004 presidential election  





         



        the economic system is deeply flawed and has served to concentrate
money, land and power in the hands of a few. the concentration of economic
power and ecological devastation have heralded the collapse of many
civilizations and empires. at this time in history, humanity must choose
between the health and well-being of our planet, humanity, and other
lifeforms, or the further enrichment of the ruling elite. the choice is
clear. the world bank, international monetary fund, world trade organization,
  world economic forum, and "trade agreements," such as the
 multilateral agreement on
investments (mai) blatantly favor the
rich over all environmental and human rights concerns
(see http://www.tradewatch.org/).
civil society is now engaged in a tremendous struggle against these deadly
 institutions which value money over life.

        understanding
how the monetary system works is one step towards
creating a system which serves human needs and recognizes the value and
importance of the biosphere upon which all our lives depend. 

        what
is real wealth? western civilization has confused money with
wealth. most of the world's money is chasing other money in the
cyber-casino of the global financial markets oblivious to the devastation
being wreaked upon the world's ecosystems and people. while species go
extinct, forests are decimated, rivers are poisoned, and people starved,
the money is blindly directed towards greater profits destroying the world
in the process. the global economy has been shaped by military force,
money, greed, fear, and a massive propaganda campaign. money is a tool of
empire, which has served to transfer wealth and power from the many to the
few. all monetary systems based upon debt have this fatal dynamic. the
ancient religious taboos against usury were well justified, but have been
forgotten. 

        the
illusion that money is wealth needs to be shattered. real wealth is
a healthy planet and healthy relationships between all lifeforms; it is
inner peace, world peace, balance and harmony in the home, the community,
the world. 

        money
can be created by banks or governments to serve their interests,
or it can be created by people in a community to serve their needs. local
currencies could help communities to recognize their inner strengths, the gifts
of their members, and the value of cooperation. local currencies inspire
people to live in accordance with their values, to follow their inner
passion rather than chase after an obsolete notion of "success." they
enable people to make a contribution to their community and receive what
they need or desire in return. they nurture relationships and demonstrate
how local production for local needs benefits the community, as well as
reducing the stress upon distant communities who have been forced into near
slavery and starvation to provide resources and services to the world's
wealthy. creating community currencies encourages participatory democratic
processes and shows how non hierarchical systems empower people, and
nurture hope, creativity, respect, and compassion. in a perfect world,
money would become obsolete, and the gift economy would flourish. 

        
this website was created to raise consciousness about the flaws with the debt based monetary system, the history of money, ideas on how to restructure the monetary system, back in the 1990's. since then, much has changed, currently there are efforts underway to digitize money, force digital id upon everyone, institutionalize the idea of a universal basic income, create a technocratic state. in light of these developments and others, i am concerned that community currencies could be used to harvest data and facilitate the construction of a digital prison (panopticon).

        
the financial shenanigans of the past several decades have greatly harmed the vast majority of people while concentrating assets into fewer and fewer hands. this year a very knowledgable, courageous person, david rogers webb, published a book, entitled the great taking which details the legal constructs enacted which will allow the most powerful to legally seize all stocks, bonds, securities, collateral, when the next bubble bursts, or there is a controlled demolition of the financial system.

this is the website of carol brouillet cbrouillet@igc.org.

mailing address and contact information:
 
carol brouillet
p.o. box 60511
palo alto, ca
u.s.a. 94306
telephone: 650-857-0927

 carol brouillet is a co-founder of the international media project, which
produces making contact,
a half-hour radio program now heard on over 150 stations, primarily in
the u.s. and canada. 
 carol also helped found the
who's counting
project, which promoted the film 
who's
counting? marilyn waring on sex, lies & global economics. 
she helped found the northern california 9-11 truth alliance.
all of these non-profit organizations seek to connect people, vital ideas and
important information to nurture healthy social change, economic justice
and ecological sustainability. a passionate advocate of local currencies to
raise consciousness, nurture community, and increase local self-reliance,
her paper reinventing money, restoring the
earth, reweaving the web of life has won an honourable mention from
the millenium institute as one of the best ideas for the 21st century. an updated paper entitled money- slavery or liberation? expands upon recent concerns over monetary technological developments.

        the
feminist perspective is a speech she wrote
for the other economic
summit, the people's summit 97 held in denver, colorado at
the same time as the g-7(8). 

        raised
in california, she sailed around the world in her youth, and
has traveled extensively.

        her
political activism began in 1992 when she saw a film which
disturbed her and started to do research on the government and the media.
she began by writing articles and promoting books and films, such as
manufacturing consent, noam chomsky and the media.

        in
'92 she also read excerpts compiled by dave ratcliffe on the 
health
effects of low-level radiation which prompted her to compile
and edit the invisible nuclear war about the effects of low-level
radiation, the massive government cover-up, and the continuing battle waged
by the nuclear powers against all life on earth.

        her
activism has spanned a wide range of issues.  in 1993 she read debt
virus, a compelling solution to the world's debt problems by jaques
jaikaran and an article by paul glover
"creating economic
democracy" and began writing on money -- our civilization's
largest blind spot.

        from
writing articles to helping to organize events, conferences on the
issue of money and global economics, and public speaking, she has done all she
can to raise consciousness and change the system, while raising her 3
boys -- jules (born in '88), jeremy (born in '90), daniel (born in '93)
with the help, support and love of her husband, jean-luc.

        in
january '98, she organized the first "gathering on strategies to
transform the global economy," in february '99, she organized a second
"gathering" 
(article about it appearing in the christian science monitor), 
(report from the february gathering)
there was so much energy gathered that 24 people volunteered to help six months later with
 the august gathering.
(a transcript of elisabet sahtouris's "big picture" overview.)

        carol
was a member of the
green party which
included local currencies in its platform and ran for congress three times under their banner. she is a lifetime member of women's international league for peace and freedom.  
        instead of organizing another gathering in january, 2001,  carol tried to mobilize north americans to go to the first world social forum held in porto alegre,
 brazil, january 25-30, 2001, at the same time that the world economic forum was meeting in switzerland. 
here is the report on the world social forum and the call for mobilization.
energized by the historic event, she was working on combatting the ftaa, the wto, the imf, the world bank, and corporate globalization, speaking out against the ftaa, writing, and organizing, in the u.s.in 2001.
        shaken by the events of september 11th, she has worked to prevent world war iii, and to mobilize and educate people about the hidden economic forces that are plunging humanity towards the abyss.

         
from october 2001 to november 2007, she  held a weekly listening project- 
listening for peace from
 11:00 a.m.- 1:00 p.m. at lytton plaza in palo alto. she held the event on monthly basis, on the 11th of every month, in solidarity with 9/11 truth activists in the united states and abroad. [an accident which seriously disabled her right arm in november 2014 finally ended the listening project.]  an evolution of banners  attracted public attention to the listening project, including one that said-
real terrorists
bush, cheney, rumsfeld...
guilty of 9-11...

         in november 2001, carol came across richard labeviere's excellent book dollars for terror- the united states and islam; and wrote an expanded book review 
a vital piece of the puzzle 

         
here are the questions about 9-11 that she raised in 2001, and a report on the
 san francisco march and meeting with senator feinstein 
and boxers' staff to demand a congressional inquiry of 9/11. the evidence mounts of the bush administration's complicity in the attacks. the war on terror is a fraud; it is truly a war of terrorism, against democracy, people and planet. here are chossudovsky's articles about the cia's connections with the terrorist networks that are being blamed for the attack on the world trade center. november 2, 2001, he posted "the smoking gun"-cover-up or complicity of the bush administration?



        may 10-12th, 2002 the global network against weapons and nuclear power in space met to protest lockheed martin in sunnyvale and to hold their annual conference.  kathy kelly and carol gave two workshops entitled deadly connections: corporate globalization, space and war.  
        carol has focused her energy on understanding/exposing 9-11 organizing, demonstrating, writing...and trying to keep up a 9-11 page and a blog of the daily activities,.

        in 2002 her energies were devoted to exposing the truth about 9-11. the local paper did a cover story, november 20, 2002 on "the rising local peace movement gathering steam," which profiled a number of activists, including carol; while a good story, they did omit the gist of her "work." they did not print her "letter to the editor."

        the rallying "impeachment, not war!" on the january 2003 march on congresswoman eshoo's office, demanding preemptive impeachment. 

        one of the best tools that carol and artist, blaine machan, developed to empower, encourage, bring a smile to everyone's face, raise consciousness on 9-11 has been the deception dollar, fraudulent event note, bush buck, which was first printed in october 2002.  10,000 were published in october; 100,000 in december, 500,000 in february, one million in march, 600,000 in may 2003, and  1,080,000 in september 11, 2003. may 25, 2004, the seventh edition was printed- with 750,000 deception dollars and 250,000 media deception dollars; in december 2004, the eighth edition  included a new media deception dollar, a  billion dollar note,  an election deception dollar (over 500,000), as well as the traditional deception dollars.  the  9th edition, made its debut on october 5, 2006 at the world can't wait rally in san francisco, it featured v for vendetta masks and was entitled "unmask state sponsored terrorism." issue #10 was published in august 2006, featuring cheney. there are now over 7,500,000 deception dollars in circulation, the conception dollar (92,000 were printed) introduced in august 2007 looked at solutions, rather than at the problems. in march 2010, with the assistance of the northern california 9/11 truth alliance, artists blaine machan, mark henson and >gaelyn larrick, version #11 of the deception dollar (105,000), a new trillion dollar note (105,000) were published, both bills feature a man wearing an obama mask, flanked by cheney lowering a bush mast and the title- "continuity of government." the first perception dollar (140,000) [an evolution of the conception dollar] also made its debut at the march 20th anti-war rallies held in ny, la and san francisco. 






 (blaine also created four huge beautiful banners which have caught the media's attention.)  
         in april 2003, carol and blaine, risked their entire deception dollar printing fund to put on a couple of major events in san francisco and palo alto- along with 9-11 truth activists from the bay area, the  budding 9-11 truth alliance, they screened aftermath- unanswered questions from 9-11 with guerrilla news network, mike ruppert, peter dale scott, riva enteen, barry zwicker and richard heinberg and a lively panel/ q & a following the film. at the beautiful herbst theatre in the heart of san francisco (which holds nearly a thousand people), they had a full house, had to turn 300 people away and received a standing ovation.  in palo alto over 400 people come to the event; carol described the aftermath of aftermath- from an organizer's point of view- if you want the details. 
          on september 11, 2003, the local 9-11 truth alliance held rallies and marches to impeach the terrorists! and on october 7th in oakland to "stop the 9-11 cover-up" and oppose the 87 billion for occupying afghanistan and iraq.
february 1st and 2nd, 2004- they organized two comedy benefits - behind every terrorist there is a bush to raise funds and awareness about the san francisco international inquiry, phase one -



 

 phase two took place in toronto, canada.
        they organized a series of protests and rallies last fall against the "police state legislation" (reorganization of the intelligence agencies), cheney, the 9-11 cover-up, the 9-11 commission.  at that time, the northern california 9-11 truth alliance formally became a project of agape foundation. carol also spoke at the international conference on the gift economy primarily about the psychological barriers to facing the shadow of 9-11.   
        in march 2005, the northern california truth alliance organized a series of very successful premieres of 


 which drew together activists from canada and all over the country, press and public.
        
 carol believes our greatest hope is to organize resistance faster than the ruling elite can organize repression. .




behind every terrorist- there is a bush- the movie premiered 9/11/2005
 9-11 truth art contest winners announced



on december 16, 2006 (and in 2007), in solidarity with the boston tea party for 9/11 truth, she and others organized the- 


san francisco tea party for 9/11 truth

in september 2008, with the northern california 9/11 truth alliance, she organized the 7th annual 9/11 truth rally and march and the 

 thursday, september 11th, 2008
carol brouillet hosted a weekly two hour radio show, from april 2007 through september 2008 entitled
 
hosted on we the people radio network.

in september 2009, with the northern california 9/11 truth alliance, she organized the 8th annual 9/11 truth rally and march and the

5th annual 9/11 film festival
this website has been through some major evolutions over the years and much content has been lost. new challenges have appeared and after more than a decade without access to this website, carol can finally get back into it and begin the process of making corrections, updating and adding new material to this site.

donate to the northern california 9-11 truth alliance




report from the 11-22-2008 san francisco rally report from the 4-25-2009 rally







  home
  |  
resources
  |  9-11
  |  
events  



