















welcome to intelligent poker.com






























































			contents		

			updates		

			norwegian edition		 




			order online		

			barnes & noble		

			amazon		

			wholesalers		 




			macintosh rooms		

			featured rooms		

			partners		

			bonus codes		 




			united states		

			canada		

			around the world		 




			equipment		

			books		 




			articles		

			mathematical		

			poker calculator		

			discussion		

			how to play hold'em		 




			chinese		

			norwegian		

			swedish		

			spanish		 




top sites




win at high-low poker! vital knowledge to profit from seven-card stud high-low. get a competitive edge.


studhighlow.com




resources

site map











news

now available!!
the 2nd edition of 
the intelligent guide to texas hold'em poker
paperback and ebook versions for popular e-readers of the expanded and updated guide to hold'em poker by sam braids are available for purchase. visit our order page for details.
free ebook version of chapter 5 available for download!
intelligent poker.com is offering a free ebook  exerpt of chapter 5 on the five decisions factors in texas hold'em poker. the booklet has tables and figures that illustrate the facts you need to know to play holdem successfully. it is packed with tips and includes unique 3-d figures that show the combined effects of starting cards, number of players and position on profits. the data analyzed is taken from over 100 million actual online poker hands. before playing in any online poker rooms you should read this analysis.
this is the companion web site for the book—the intelligent guide to texas hold'em poker.
at this site are resources for  poker including:

how to play texas hold'em poker
a poker odds calculator for multi-player hold'em
places to get interactive poker statistics 
a regional guide to brick-and-mortar cardrooms in the united               states and canada.







get the intelligent guide to texas hold'em poker on your e-reader

google play: intelligent poker 
nook book: intelligent poker
kindle edition: intelligent poker





tips


the hazards of over betting i was in a live, ten-handed, $1-3 cash game at a local casino, when ... read more
rising blinds in tournament poker new players consistently make it into the middle stages of poker tournaments by playing tight, but as the blinds rise, their stacks are quickly eaten. not acting at the right time in a tourney can be fatal. . ... read more
transitioning to no-limit hold'em: the importance of stack size: over the past decade no-limit hold'em has overtaken limit hold'em as the most popular variation of poker in . ... read more
what to have in mind when playing poker online: the internet opens up a lot of opportunities and makes many forms of entertainment available to everyone.  read more
understanding hand combinations with texas hold'em essentially being a game that boils down to trying to make the highest value hand, professional players will have a good idea of their chances of doing that just by looking at the first two cards. of course, --- read more
how to 'double your money' with online poker can you double your money with online poker offers?  read more
beyond hold'em: while texas hold'em has rapidly become the most popular variant of poker in the world, it should be kept in mind that there are many other variations of poker that are still widely played. ... read more
how to approach split hold'em: are you tired of traditional forms of poker? if texas hold'em is starting to leave you feeling bored at the tables, don't panic - a new form of poker is in town. split hold'em has turned texas hold'em on its head by ... read more
types of poker games: poker variants fall into two broad categories-flop games and board games. here is brief summary of the popular games. ... read more
poker tournament considerations: as a result of widespread television coverage, poker tournaments have grown tremendously in popularity. for poker players, tournaments offer high entertainment value for a fixed dollar amount that is paid up-front.
          
	      ... read more
the math behind poker: a handy visual guide that walks you through working out the probabilities and odds involved in card games (we mostly use poker as the simplest example, but the rules apply to any game that uses a 52 deck of cards) ... read more
maximizing promotional dollars: misleading payouts ... read more

cash game freerolls: i have a deal for you! it’s a no-lose investment opportunity. the worse that can happen is you get your money back. but, there is a significant chance of doubling your investment or more if things work out. want to buy in? ... read more






©           copyright 2003-2019 by intelligent games publishing - all rights reserved.           no portions of these pages maybe reposted, or distributed without written           consent of the publisher. for inquiries on use of any material contact: comments@intelligentpoker.com
 please note: the material at this web site is for informational purposes           only. in no manner should this web site be construed to offer legal advice           on the issue of online gambling. it is the reader’s responsibility           to know and follow the laws that apply in his or her state and jurisdiction.           seek appropriate legal advice from a qualified attorney if unsure. the           publisher of this site does not endorse or guarantee any of the services           described. the reader assumes all risks and responsibility for his or           her actions. if you do not agree with these conditions, please           exit the site immediately. gambling problem?   call 1-800-522-4700



