







paradigm online writing assistant - paradigm online writing assistant











































toggle navigation







inventarrangereviseeditreflectexplainconvinceexploredocumentabout





by chuck guilford

we discover what to say by saying it, and in the process often surprise ourselves with fresh insights and powerful language.


 






most popular




				basic punctuation			





				six problem areas			





				designing effective sentences			





				freewriting			





				the journalists' questions			





user menu

homeget involvedall blogsfaqsprivacy policyterms of use














						home					










start writing
there is no single best way to begin a writing project. what's best is what gets you going and builds momentum for the journey ahead. you may want to start right in on a draft or do some pre-planning.
often, simply choosing a subject can be a challenge. you could start freewriting to locate your subject and generate ideas. or you might prefer to first gather information from outside sources, or to brainstorm using the journalists' questions.
whether you're writing an informal essay, a technical report, or the next great american novel, the suggestions in discovering what to write will help you get going.




write strong sentences
effective sentences are vital to your writing. they are fundamental carriers and shapers of meaning—the pulse of style. if you want to work on your sentences, try the following paradigm sections: basic sentence concepts, expanding the basic pattern, six problem areas, designing effective sentences.
for help with punctuation, try basic punctuation.







			in search of form		

everything has a form. in writing, the goal is to find a form that suits your material and purpose. you may sense a clear pattern emerging early in your writing process, or you may try out a few promising designs.
read more ... 



			basic punctuation		

punctuation need not be mysterious or problematic. the number of punctuation marks is small, and once mastered, they become tools that help shape your meaning and vary the rhythms and patterns of your sentences.
commas, periods, and apostrophes are three basic marks you can't get along without. quotation marks, also, are often necessary. first master those four, then move on to the others.
read more ... 



			the best word		

in every kind of writing, it's essential to choose the best word to express your intended meaning. if you take time to choose the best word rather than simply accepting the first word that comes to mind, you'll be taking an important step toward writing effectiveness. use the following four questions to help you choose the best word for your needs.
read more ... 



			creative rambling		

as writers, we're often advised to "stick to the topic" and "get to the point." this is usually good advice, but not always. sometimes it leads to writing that's shallow and one-dimensional, as though the writer had prematurely closed down the process of inquiry, just to produce something neat and tidy with no madwoman in the attic.
read more ... 



			revising for readers		

up to this point, most of your writing has been informal, maybe somewhat personal. if you've produced a draft at all, it's probably quite rough and will need revision on both global and local levels.
read more ... 




			occasions for argumentative essays		

argumentation is everywhere—in congress and courtrooms, in corporate board rooms, at garden club meetings, and in millions of essays, reports, theses, and dissertations written at colleges and universities throughout the world.
read more ... 




			stating your thesis		

a thesis is a one sentence statement about your topic. it's an assertion about your topic, something you claim to be true. notice that a topic alone makes no such claim; it merely defines an area to be covered. 
read more ... 












   







 for this life 
check out this new book-length online poetry collection by paradigm creator chuck guilford.



videos







 
 



blogging menu
latest postcommunity blogs
login form






username











password							






remember me 



log in





					create an account 



					forgot your username?



					forgot your password?





 

















 


 







 










 


 







 

 



  


 





 


partners with poetryexpress


					back to top				


				© 2025 paradigm online writing assistant			




