











fleischmann planetarium | university of nevada, reno







































































skip to main content












science news and events


quicklinks


search


apply











support the planetarium
college of science










×



quicklinks




university tools

mynevada
webcampus
email access
interfolio
nevadabox
workday
zoom login



academic resources

academic advising
academic calendar
colleges & schools
course catalog
library
navigate



campus resources

campus map
employee directory
human resources
parking
police services
services for students
student health center



information for

current students
faculty & staff
parents
alumni




 



×


search






search www.unr.edu




search





popular searches: 
mynevada
webcampus
housing
















                    fleischmann planetarium and science center
                












                                    buy tickets
                                



                                    about
                                



                                    plan your visit
                                



                                    field trips
                                



                                    community
                                



                                    become a member
                                








support the planetarium
college of science












 















 








explore the fleischmann planetarium immerse yourself in a faraway galaxy. experience full-dome theater shows and engaging educational exhibits at one of nevada's historic landmark science centers.

                                plan your visit
                            




read a description of the video below

montage of clips showcasing the fleischmann planetarium as well visitors exploring and watching a projection.



explore the fleischmann planetarium

students explore the exhibits and shows at the planetarium





toggle image description for hero: planetarium - home































buy tickets







location and hours







shows







book a field trip







history







support the planetarium

















full-dome theater



explore the full-dome theater








exhibits



learn about our exhibits








science store



discover the science store





















explore the galaxy with small-group guided stargazing saturdays in january | 8 p.m.
join your expert fleischmann star guide to explore the wonders of the universe. our friendly neighborhood astronomer will take you on a live guided tour of the best sights in the galaxy! first, we’ll preview what’s up, tour the constellations we’ll be exploring and introduce the spectacular objects we’ll be focusing on. then, depending on the weather, we’ll either fire up the robotic telescopes, power up the virtual dome or head outside to use high-tech telescopes and astrographs to see and image the very best treasures this month has to offer. we’ll even provide complimentary digital images of the objects we see as souvenirs of our journey through the stars. don’t miss this exciting opportunity to boldly go where few renoites have ever gone before!

buy tickets for small-group stargazing















join the planetarium family
become a member and enjoy exclusive benefits.
explore membership levels















upcoming events 
learn more about upcoming events hosted at the fleischmann planetarium.




feb
22



                                exploring the galaxy at fleischmann planetarium and science center
                                
                            
08:00 pm
community outreach








visit the planetarium 

view show schedule
buy tickets
book a field trip
private dome screenings


the fleischmann planetarium and science center offers an assortment of experiences to visitors of all ages, from teachers, to students, to families and beyond.
field trips are available for teachers to book seven days a week, private dome screenings may be scheduled during non-public showtimes, and visitors can buy tickets to see shows in the full-dome theater on fridays, saturdays and sundays. the planetarium welcomes all members of the community, both on- and off-campus, to enjoy space-themed exhibits, shows and the science store!









                    our mission at the planetarium is to engage, educate and explore. we get to engage people with the adventure of space and stars and planets. we get to explore the universe. and in the process, we get to educate ourselves about our place in space and time.
                


director of the fleischmann planetarium and science center














                    this is definitely the coolest place in reno. it makes me want to go to the university of nevada, reno and learn even more about science and the world in which we live.
                


student in reno, nv














                    the planetarium has an amazing world-class building, fascinating little display areas and fantastic shows. but, best of all, it has the friendliest and most knowledgeable staff we’ve ever met.
                


recent visitor in 2022


















meet the planetarium director paul mcfarlane is the director of the fleischmann planetarium and science center. an educator, paul taught for more than 25 years in the washoe county school district.
he has studied astronomy and astrophysics at the university of nevada, reno’s department of physics, doing coursework and research using the maclean observatory telescopes at the redfield campus. mcfarlane also trained at johnson and kennedy space centers with aerospace and nasa experts in astronomy, engineering and planetary science. 
learn more about paul























fleischmann planetarium and science center

1664 n. virginia street, reno, nv 89557            
        fleischmann planetarium            
planetarium@unr.edu

         (775) 784-4812    





contact


careers


accessibility


diversity


civil rights


non-discrimination


privacy


campus map



 





































