





harvey danger








harvey danger




home
news
shows
forums
links
press
downloads
store
contact






welcome!




latest news

no sleep records to release merrymakers on vinyl july 29!
nearly two decades after its release, our debut full-length album, where have all the merrymakers gone?, will be released on vinyl lp for the first time ever on july 29 via no sleep records. the vinyl packaging for where have all the merrymakers gone? will feature new artwork designed by the band, along with exhaustive new liner notes by sean nelson, the complete lyrics, and photos from the early days of the band. pre-order it now at nosleeprecords.com! 
 
sean nelson and friends at the columbia city theater may 31
sean nelson is celebrating 20 years in the rock and roll business with a very special show at the columbia city theater on may 31. his all-star band, including aaron from harvey danger, will be playing hd songs, sean's solo songs, and more. find out more here, and get tickets at brownpapertickets.com. don't miss it! 
 
harvey danger 1993-2009
welcome to the archive of the seattle band harvey danger. the band is no longer active, but its music lives on thanks to the internet, where time no longer exists and everything is always available all of it, as a wise man reminds us, massively mattering to someone, presumably. this site will be updated from time to time with news about the former members' new projects, old features from the extensive archive, and any other interesting developments that may arise. thanks for coming. please visit our downloads page to get harvey danger's posthumous final single, and lots of other treats, besides. online bookmakers free bets oddslot best online bookies bonuses and promotions 
 

 




shows



live show archive coming soon, or if not soon, then eventually. when we get around to it. if we get around to it. we'll try....



» click here for complete calendar...


also


download "the show must not go on," the final single
 
download dead sea scrolls, the album previously only available on the band's final tour
 










© 2005 harvey danger






 


