





northeast ohio's premier design + build contractor | star inc.





























































 




skip to content








call us today! 440.986.8022|star@starinc.cc 

linkedinfacebook 



 












building trust since 1955 - it's not just our slogan, it's the way we run our business.		















 


search for:








homecompanyemploymentsubcontractor inquirydonation requestsservicesbuild methodsprojectstestimonialsresourcescontact



 






thank you for working with us as we went through the process, and for delivering the building when promised! we had a very successful weekend in the store, and we have had nothing but compliments on the first class building. we are looking forward to a continued relationship.christopher m. malfara​general manager​ - bay point management corp. 






homeadmin2024-02-16t14:40:05+00:00 
amherst, ohio design-build contractors
star inc. offers complete design and construction services to help our clients achieve their goals. the services we provide don’t only focus on the end goal, but are guaranteed to add value to your overall project experience – before, during, and after.
our team of professional architects, draftsmen, project managers, estimators, construction superintendents, foremen, electricians, carpenters, steel erectors, etc. contain the necessary skills and effort that keep our customers highly satisfied. having over 200 years of combined experience within the management team alone, you can rely on star inc. to meet and exceed your expectations.
we understand the importance of honesty, integrity, and dedication as a service provider and we pride ourselves on earning the trust of our customers. our actions are not dictated by what is profitable or easy, but by what is right. it’s these simple qualities that have made most of our customers, customers for life.
servicesbuild methodsprojectsready to get started?
call 440.986.8022 or contact us today!contact uswhat is a design-build contractor?design-build is a method of project delivery in which one entity – the design-build team – works under a single contract with the project owner to provide design and construction services. one entity, one contract, one unified flow of work from initial concept through completion.
star inc. architects, estimators, project managers, and construction professionals coordinate their efforts and expertise to design and construct your facility efficiently and effectively, serving your needs without compromise. our turnkey operation allows us to manage and coordinate all phases of the construction process, including the installation of special equipment, interior accessories and landscaping. this provides you with a new, complete facility, ready to serve its purpose immediately.
learn the benefits of using a design-build contractorthe proof is in our record of accomplishment.
over 70% of our business comes from repeat customers.testimonialspartners & memberships




 
 





 the mission of star inc. is to offer complete design and construction services to help our clients achieve their goals. we accomplish this through teamwork and attention to quality, value, and fairness. we succeed when we help our customers become more profitable.

 

company
services
build methods
projects
testimonials
resources
contact
 

employment
sub contractor inquiry
donation requests
privacy policy
 

 
 
 





		copyright 2025 star inc.	


linkedinfacebook
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link














 we use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. we also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you have provided to them or that they have collected from your use of their services. you consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website. 

  preferences                              disable all  allow all  











×



                    about cookies                

 we use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. we also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you have provided to them or that they have collected from your use of their services. you consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website. 
read cookie policy 


 allow all 
 disable all 




necessary always active


necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. the website cannot function properly without these cookies. 



preferences                                    

 


preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. 



statistics                                    

 


statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. 



marketing                                    

 


marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. the intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third-party advertisers. 



unclassified                                     


unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. 





  
                            save my choices                          



powered by 













go to top




