






b.b. king blues club & grill





































































thank you for 18 years in times square!!




















after 18 years and over 6,000 shows, b.b. king blues club & grillclosed its doors on april 29, 2018. we are committed to re-opening in new york city and we are currently looking for a new location. over the past 18 years, b.b. king blues club & grill has presented the biggest names in all genres of live music. notable performances included james brown, ray charles, etta james, zz top, jay z, alicia keys, al green, chuck berry, wilson pickett, bo diddley, sly stone, the allman brothers and b.b. king himself among many others.until we re-open, we will recommended venues and shows on this page to support live music in new york city.many of the shows that were featured at b.b. kings annually have moved on to other venues and we want our fans to be aware and support them.   







blue note jazz club













since its inception in 1981, blue note has become one of the premier jazz clubs in the world and a cultural institution in greenwich village. legendary jazz musicians who have performed on the blue note stage include dizzy gillespie, sarah vahan, oscar peterson, lionel hampton, b.b. king, ray charles, nina simone and so many more.upcoming performances include chick corea, seu jorge, stanley clarke, ron carter & the annual christmas through new years residency with chris botti. 




    more info & tickets
  



sony hall













sony hall is the new premiere music venue in new york city focused on presenting world renowned performing artists across all music genres, powered by state of the art technology. sony hall is equipped with sony's technologies, integrated throughout the 12,000 square-foot venue to deliver enhanced entertainment experiences to fans. check out their amazing line-up of shows. 




    more info & tickets
  



the harlem gospel choir













the world famous harlem gospel choir has moved their residency from b.b. king blues club to sony hall. every sunday at 1:30pm (12:30pm doors)features an all you can eat brunch. 




    tickets
  







 


 




powered by squarespace.





 


