




personal injury lawyers & divorce attorney








































skip to the content




personal injury lawyers & divorce attorney








toggle the mobile menu



toggle the search field






home
about us
contact




search



home
about us
contact














benefits of hiring personal injury lawyer boston for your case


sticky post


by alfred lewis
on june 17, 2020
in personal injury lawyers in boston






reasons why you need to hire a lawyer
being involved in an accident or injury is the most traumatic experience of your life because you will have to deal with a lot of pain and suffering. hence, you will need to look for someone who is reliable and will be present for you so that you will not face any kind of problem. when you are facing a personal injury issue, you will need to look for assistance and guidance from an experienced lawyer who will help you in your case. but before you hire a lawyer, you should contact them for a free consultation so that you will know whether you should go-ahead to hire a particular lawyer. a personal injury lawyer in boston is the best option for you because being injured is a very painful situation that you face in your life. moreover, it is a wise decision that you will need to take for enjoying a host of benefits in the long run. being involved in a personal injury incident is a costly, stressful, and time-consuming situation that you will have to face. when someone else is liable for the injury, you need to seek compensation from the guilty person so that you will get financial assistance for covering your medical costs.
benefits of hiring personal injury lawyer for your case
there are many benefits of hiring a personal injury lawyer in boston and the most important benefit is that this professional will assist you in navigating the legal system. you will also get financial compensation from the accused person so that you will get assistance for recovering from your injury. the compensation you receive will help you in covering your medical bills and hospital expenses so that you will be able to recover quickly from the injuries that you have sustained. the negligence of the third party might have caused you the injury and the lawyer will make sure that you are not alone in this entire process. working with a trained and skilled personal injury lawyer in boston is an important part of getting compensation for your injuries. the lawyer will work on your behalf so that you can focus on healing and you will not have to worry about anything related to the claim process. the lawyer is always present to assist you in your case when you have met with an injury or accident so that you will get all kind of help that you need for getting the desired outcome. another significant benefit of hiring a personal injury lawyer is that the negligent person will have to compensate you for your injury. you will also get the compensation that is very important for completing the personal injury claim process so that you will get what you truly deserve. thus, you should hire a highly qualified personal injury lawyer for representing your claim for the injuries so that you will have someone who has experience in handling similar claims. the experience of these lawyers includes knowledge of personal injury law, previous case history, and insurance company tactics that are needed for getting favorable results from the case. the lawyer will also put in a lot of time and research for making sure that you will get maximum compensation from the guilty person. as a prospective client, you can also get free consultations from the potential lawyer that you want to hire. this will help you determine whether the lawyer will meet your requirements or not. the lawyer will also help you in your case and with consultation and interview, you can determine whether the lawyer will be helpful in your case or not. you should never hire someone before doing proper research about his experience, qualification, and expertise in handling your personal injury case.
hiring a personal injury lawyer in boston allows you to have the assistance of someone who knows the exact amount of claim. the lawyer will also give you an accurate estimate of your final settlement so that the compensation amount will help you in your quick recovery. you should never trust any lawyer blindly but you should make sure that the lawyer has positive reviews from its past clients. this will help you in determining whether the lawyer will help in your case and will also ensure that you get the maximum amount of compensation. handling the insurance claims is also a difficult process and you shouldn’t get into this matter. hence, you should hire a lawyer who will talk to the insurance company and will make sure that you will get a good amount of money from the insurance policy.
know the importance of hiring a lawyer for personal injury claims.
the lawyer will make an effort for getting the maximum amount of money from the insurance company who might try to undervalue the policy amount. therefore, you should hire a lawyer who will help you by providing you maximum benefits for a long period of time. you will not have to struggle with your pain or sufferings when you have the assistance of a personal injury lawyer who is always present to handle your case in the most efficient manner. when a lawyer will represent you in court, you can rest assured that your case outcome will be for your benefit. you will also get a high insurance settlement and when you have suffered from minor or major problems, you should hire an experienced lawyer for your case. the impact of a personal injury is severe on your finance as well you as your life and you should make an effort to hire someone who will minimize the impact so that you will not suffer from financial problems. moreover, the compensation that you get will help you in your quick recovery and the lawyer will make sure you get the maximum compensation that will accelerate your recovery process. the right selection of a personal injury lawyer in boston will make a huge difference in your life because it will determine the court ruling and the outcome of your case. this is the reason why you need to be careful while hiring a personal injury lawyer so that you will get the desired outcome from your case.






tips on choosing the best divorce attorney


sticky post


by alfred lewis
on september 17, 2019
in divorce law



divorce can be a painful and stressful experience for many. it is a legal proceeding that involves the dissolution of a marriage between husband and wife. there are two parties: the husband and the wife. then there is a third party, which is commonly known as a divorce attorney. the role of a divorce attorney nashville is very important because no marriage can ever be dissolved without the help of a divorce lawyer. therefore, it is imperative for you to select the best divorce attorney in your area.

divorce attorneys are generally legal experts that deal with family law. they specialize in all matters of family law, including divorce law, child custody law and other important matters. it is common for both parties to hire different attorneys for their legal proceedings. here are some useful tips on how to pick the best divorce lawyer in nashville.
make sure to get the views and opinion of people you know who have faced similar circumstances and have managed to handle it well. ask them if they know someone who will not only provide you with legal support and guidance but will also take good care of your emotional needs. however, it would be wrong to get too captivated with the recommendation. you need to choose someone whose expertise and experience can prove valuable in your case.
now that you have received some feedback, it is time to focus on the real thing. it is important to create a list of lawyers and divorce attorneys who specialize in the relevant field and know how to get the job done. you are not going to judge someone without meeting them in person. this is usually a free initial consultation. you might be asked questions about legal costs, success stories, previous divorce trial experience and other necessary aspects. find out if the lawyer can help you with your options. try to check if the lawyer is comfortable to work with and whether he or she can handle your case like you want.
it is time to collect the basic details about prospective lawyers. look for their credentials and qualifications. make sure to choose someone who possesses an extensive amount of experience in family law. area of specialization plays a vital role in deciding the outcome. so you ought to look for someone who specializes in handling divorce-related cases. the more experienced the attorney, the better. you may even ask the prospective lawyer to show you his or her degrees and certificates.
there is no substitute for experience and a highly experienced lawyer would have a clear edge over an inexperienced or fresh lawyer. the experienced attorneys are fully aware of all the legal formalities and procedures, so they can provide the best guidance. they might be able to suggest a legal remedy that an inexperienced lawyer may not have heard of. ideally, you need to hire someone who has been around for morethan five years.
when it comes to hiring the best divorce attorney nashville, it is important to gauge the reputation of the lawyer under consideration. it wouldbe useful if you can get some testimonials from previous clients of the lawyer you are considering. you should try to find a few people who are willing to tell you exactly how it is like to work with the lawyer. they will let you know whether the lawyer is friendly and caring. as divorce can be a tough experience to go through, having an experienced and skilled lawyer on your side will definitely help.
be sure to check the qualifications of the lawyer you are considering. ask the lawyer if he or she can give you documentary evidence of his or her qualifications and credentials. you may not want to work with someone who is not properly qualified.
another important thing to consider when choosing a divorce lawyer is the price. this will include the consultation cost, the case-filing fee and other expenditures. usually, there are two ways an attorney may charge: the first is the flat fee method and the second is the hourly method. a good lawyer will be willing to negotiate an out-of-court settlement if and when needed. a signed written contract between the lawyer and the client is generally the best option.






types of lawyers: roles and qualifications – a comprehensive insight

by alfred lewis
on july 29, 2024
in blog




when the term “lawyer” comes to mind, most of us immediately picture courtroom dramas, sharp suits, and intense arguments. however, the world of law is as diverse as it is vast. not all lawyers are in the courtroom battling it out; some might never even set foot there. but what unifies them is their commitment to justice, their specialized expertise, and the qualifications they’ve achieved to get there. this article will be your guiding light in understanding the different types of lawyers, the roles they play, and the qualifications they’ve earned. buckle up as we set forth on this enlightening journey!
types of lawyers: roles and qualifications
the legal profession is a mosaic of specialities. each type of lawyer has specific roles to play and qualifications to match. let’s delve deeper into these niches.
1. criminal defense lawyer

roles and job description: they defend individuals who are charged with criminal activities, ranging from minor offences to major felonies. their work involves negotiating with prosecutors, presenting evidence in court, and advocating for their client’s rights.
qualifications: jd degree, bar certification, and typically experience with criminal law through internships or clerkships with criminal courts or defence firms.

2. personal injury lawyer

roles and job description: personal injury lawyers represent individuals who have sustained injuries due to someone else’s negligence or intentional misconduct. they handle cases involving car accidents, workplace injuries, medical malpractice, slip and fall incidents, and more. their primary objective is to ensure that victims get proper compensation for their pain, suffering, and financial losses.
qualifications: a juris doctor (jd) degree from an accredited law school, state bar certification, and often specialized training or coursework in tort law.

3. family lawyer

roles and job description: family lawyers deal with various familial issues, including divorce, child custody, spousal support, and property settlements. they mediate disputes and represent clients in family court proceedings.
qualifications: jd degree, bar certification, and additional training or coursework in family law.

4. immigration lawyer

roles and job description: they guide clients through immigration processes, such as obtaining visas, green cards, and citizenship. they also represent clients facing deportation.
qualifications: jd degree, bar certification, and familiarity with immigration law and policy.

5. civil rights lawyer

roles and job description: civil rights lawyers champion the rights of individuals against discriminatory practices, fighting for justice and equality in areas like housing, employment, and education.
qualifications: jd degree, bar certification, and a strong foundation in constitutional law and civil rights legislation.

6. medical malpractice lawyer

roles and job description: these lawyers represent victims of negligence by healthcare professionals. they build cases to prove medical negligence, which may involve consulting medical experts.
qualifications: jd degree, bar certification, and a keen understanding of medical terminologies and malpractice law.

7. corporate lawyer (business lawyer)

role and job description: corporate moguls don’t make decisions without their trusty lawyers by their side. these attorneys ensure that all business transactions are above board and compliant with the law.
qualifications: a juris doctor degree, typically complemented by corporate or business law courses. many also possess an mba or a background in business.

8. bankruptcy lawyer

roles and job description: they advise individuals or corporations considering bankruptcy on their options and represent them in bankruptcy court proceedings.
qualifications: jd degree, bar certification, and specialized knowledge in bankruptcy codes and regulations.

9. estate planning lawyer

roles and job description: they help clients draft and implement documents like wills and trusts, ensuring the seamless transition of assets after a person’s death.
qualifications: jd degree, bar certification, and expertise in estate planning and probate laws.

10. intellectual property (ip) lawyer

roles and job description: ip lawyers focus on protecting intellectual properties like patents, copyrights, and trademarks. they may assist with filing patents, represent clients in infringement cases, or negotiate licensing agreements.
qualifications: jd degree, bar certification, and additional training or coursework in intellectual property law.

11. tax lawyer

roles and job description: they advise on tax-related matters, help clients understand complex tax laws, and represent them in disputes against taxing agencies.
qualifications: jd degree, bar certification, and often an advanced degree like a master of laws (ll.m) in taxation.

12. labor and employment lawyer

roles and job description: they deal with workplace-related disputes, such as wrongful termination, discrimination, wage issues, and workplace safety violations.
qualifications: jd degree, bar certification, and specialized labour and employment law knowledge.

13. environmental lawyer

roles and job description: these lawyers focus on environmental laws and regulations. they may represent clients in disputes involving pollution, land use, and wildlife conservation or work with corporations to ensure compliance with environmental standards.
qualifications: jd degree, bar certification, and specialized knowledge in environmental law and policies.

14. real estate lawyer

roles and job description: real estate lawyers handle property-related matters, including transactions, disputes, and tenant rights. they ensure smooth property transfers and help resolve related conflicts.
qualifications: jd degree, bar certification, and real estate and property law expertise.

15. securities and finance lawyer

roles and job description: they guide individuals and corporations through the complexities of securities and financial regulations. this may include representing clients in regulatory inquiries or helping businesses go public.
qualifications: jd degree, bar certification, and an in-depth understanding of securities laws and financial regulations.

16. international lawyer

roles and job description: advises on laws and regulations across different countries, handles cross-border disputes, and negotiates international contracts and treaties.
qualifications: jd degree, bar certification, and expertise in international laws and treaties, often complemented by multi-language proficiency or additional training in international relations.

frequently asked questions (faqs)
what’s the difference between a lawyer and an attorney?
technically, while all attorneys are lawyers, not all lawyers are attorneys. an attorney is someone who is not only trained in the law but also has the license to practice it.
how many types of lawyers are there?
there are numerous types of lawyers, with over 30 specializations ranging from criminal defense to intellectual property.
what are the highest-paid types of lawyers?
corporate lawyers, intellectual property lawyers, and trial attorneys often rank among the highest-paid legal professionals.
what types of lawyers are needed the most?
personal injury, family, and criminal defense lawyers are consistently in demand, but specific needs can vary based on location and societal changes.
what type of lawyer should i be?
the best type of lawyer for you to become depends on your interests and strengths. assess your passion, skills, and the legal needs of your community to decide.
can a corporate lawyer represent a criminal case?
technically, yes. however, it’s not advisable as they won’t have specialized knowledge in criminal law.
how long does it take to become a specialized lawyer?
it depends on the specialization. however, after obtaining a jd, it usually requires a few more years of experience and sometimes additional courses or certifications.
why are there so many types of lawyers?
due to the vast and intricate nature of laws and regulations, specialization ensures that lawyers are well-equipped to provide the best service in their respective domains.
do all lawyers have to argue in court?
no, many lawyers never set foot in a courtroom. their roles might revolve around paperwork, consultation, or corporate dealings.






why is the work of paralegals so important?

by alfred lewis
on june 28, 2024
in blog



paralegals are integral to the success of a lawyer’s practice. they conduct research, prepare documents, and manage cases to help lawyers work efficiently. with the help of paralegals, lawyers can focus on more complex tasks, such as advising clients and representing them in court.
don’t underestimate the value of a good paralegal – they’re key players in the legal industry!
the role of a paralegal in the legal field
in addition to their support duties, paralegals may also be responsible for interviewing clients, conducting investigations, and organizing evidence. they may also assist in the preparation of legal documents and arguments for court cases. paralegals are often the first point of contact for clients, and their professionalism and knowledge of the law can greatly impact the client’s experience with the legal system.
while paralegals are not lawyers, they typically have specialized knowledge in a particular area of law. many paralegals choose to become certified in their area of expertise, such as criminal law, real estate, or corporate law. this demonstrates their commitment to their profession and can make them more competitive in the job market. paralegals also have access to specialized software and resources to help them manage their cases, such as case management systems, legal research databases, and document preparation software. these tools allow paralegals to work efficiently and effectively, and help to ensure that cases are handled properly.
what a paralegal can do to help lawyers
don’t underestimate the power of a skilled paralegal in a family law firm! these legal professionals are the go-to for client support and understanding of the legal process. whether it’s providing emotional support during a tough divorce case or offering practical guidance on child custody matters, paralegals are trained to handle it all.
but it’s not just about the personal touch – paralegals are also experts in legal research, document preparation, and case management. their deep understanding of how the law applies to families is essential for helping clients make informed decisions.
so the next time you visit a family law firm, be sure to show some appreciation for the hardworking paralegals on the team. without them, many cases would hit roadblocks and things wouldn’t run as smoothly and efficiently. they truly are an integral part of the family law firm experience.
the importance of paralegals in legal cases
paralegals are an important part of the team and their work can be vital to the success of a case. in family law firms, they handle everything from filing initial paperwork to prepping for trial. criminal law firms rely on them for investigating facts and trial prep. and corporate law firms turn to them for research, document production, and contract review.
paralegals are the go-to for legal support. they work closely with lawyers and clients, helping them understand the legal process and their options. they provide crucial emotional support and practical guidance, especially in sensitive cases like divorce and child custody. and with their knowledge of the law and expertise in research and document prep, they are an invaluable asset to any legal team.
so the next time you think about the legal industry, don’t forget about the hardworking paralegals who play a vital role in helping clients navigate the system smoothly. they truly are an integral part of the legal world.
how paralegals earn their certifications
to become a paralegal, it is typically necessary to have an undergraduate degree in paralegal studies or a related field. some individuals may also choose to pursue advanced legal training, such as a law degree.
this is a common path for those interested in a career in the legal field without committing to the time and cost of law school. many community colleges offer programs specifically in paralegal studies that can be completed in two years or less.
after graduation, aspiring paralegals may decide to pursue certification through an organization such as the national association of legal assistants (nala). obtaining certification can demonstrate a level of expertise and may be required by certain employers.
it’s important to note that requirements for paralegals may vary by firm. some firms may require certification, while others may not have specific requirements in place.
tech tools used by paralegals to streamline legal work
in the fast-paced world of family law, paralegals are constantly on the lookout for ways to optimize their workflow and increase productivity. that’s where technology comes in!
from client management software to document generation tools, there are a ton of tech tools out there to help paralegals streamline their legal work and exceed client expectations. with client management software, paralegals can easily track critical dates and deadlines related to their cases, and even set up calendar reminders to stay on top of things.
meanwhile, document generation software makes it a breeze to generate legal documents like divorce petitions and child custody agreements, thanks to pre-designed templates and intuitive interfaces.
conclusion: paralegals make the legal work go round
often, paralegals are the unsung heroes of the legal system. without their tireless work and dedication, the wheels of justice would grind to a halt.
from managing client information to generating crucial legal documents, paralegals are the glue that holds everything together. so make sure you appreciate their work! they deserve to be recognized for the invaluable contributions they make to the legal profession every day.






what is your divorce lawyer’s role in the process?

by alfred lewis
on march 14, 2024
in blog



when you are working through a divorce, you typically work with a lawyer. your lawyer is your advocate in a variety of ways. his or her job is to protect your rights, promote your interests, and help you reach a favorable outcome with your divorce.
what does this really mean? what does a divorce lawyers really do for his or her clients during the divorce process? below, we break down how divorce lawyers perform their variety of tasks before the client files for divorce, once the divorce proceedings have begun, and after the divorce is finalized.
explaining your options
when you get divorced, you have options. you have the option to choose mediation or a collaborative divorce instead of litigating your divorce. you also have the option to try separate maintenance, michigan’s version of a legal separation, instead of being divorced. before you even file your divorce paperwork, your lawyer can explain these options to you.
your lawyer can also explain your options regarding specific aspects of your divorce, like your right to seek spousal support and your options for refuting false allegations made against you.
protecting your rights
your lawyer is also tasked with protecting your rights, like the right to seek spousal support and if you are facing domestic violence, the right to enact a personal protection order (ppo). any time your spouse threatens to block your rights or you feel the court is not respecting your rights, your lawyer will step in and ensure that you exercise your rights.
promoting your interests
your rights are not the same as your interests. your rights are guaranteed by the state and federal governments, they cannot be infringed upon. your interests are your personal choices and goals, like retaining your marital home or creating a 50/50 child custody order. a big part of your lawyer’s role is to negotiate with the court and your spouse’s lawyer to help you reach your goals for the divorce, which can mean having to compromise in certain other areas. for example, you might have to agree to your spouse taking a larger share of your savings in exchange for you retaining the home.
advising you toward beneficial choices
along with explaining your options, your lawyer will advise you about the most productive choices to make to help yourself reach an appropriate divorce settlement. every action has a consequence, and your lawyer will explain each proposed action’s consequence to help you weigh whether it is in your best interest. you might want to retain the marital home, but remember that means you will be solely responsible for its property taxes. with his or her advice, your lawyer can give you perspective on issues like this.






5 things your divorce attorney needs from you

by alfred lewis
on february 20, 2024
in blog



what to expect from your divorce attorney
an attorney-client relationship is a two-way street. choosing the right divorce lawyer who is well-suited for your unique needs is integral to your success in court. it’s essential to choose a legal representative with whom you are comfortable collaborating to maximize your chance of obtaining a favorable outcome in a divorce.
5 things your divorce attorney needs from you
like any relationship, an attorney-client relationship requires effort, boundaries, and healthy communication from both parties. it’s imperative for both parties to demonstrate mutual respect throughout the divorce proceedings to be successful in court.
for you and your divorce lawyer to work together effectually, it’s crucial to have a basic understanding of both your role and your attorney’s role in the divorce process. consider the following 5 things that a divorce attorney requires to advocate on your behalf, protect your best interests, and perform their job as effectively as possible.
#1. tell the truth in its entirety.
every marriage has its fair share of imperfections. while it can be embarrassing or even shameful to share some details about your marriage with a stranger, it’s critical to relay the whole truth to your divorce attorney. otherwise, you may be preventing them from building the strongest case possible for you.
telling falsehoods and/or withholding information can result in your legal team being blindsided in court. moreover, it can negatively impact the court’s decision when the legal proceedings conclude. as such, clients shouldn’t hold back when communicating with their divorce lawyers.
the more details you leave out, the weaker your case may be. examples of key information to truthfully disclose to a divorce attorney include:

a history of marital infidelity (on part of your spouse, yourself, or both)
a history of spousal abuse or domestic violence
addiction or substance abuse that led to financial hardships (such as drugs or alcohol)
any mental health conditions or behavioral changes that may be considered dangerous to children

while it’s normal to feel anxious about disclosing sensitive information to a divorce lawyer, there’s no reason to be. chances are your divorce attorney has heard it all (if not worse) before.
remember, your attorney’s role is to represent you in the divorce, and their service is most effective when they have all of the puzzle pieces. disclosing truthful facts is mandatory for your lawyer to do the job you’re paying them to do.
#2. respect your attorney by paying your bills on time.
an attorney-client relationship during divorce can be emotional at times. this is only natural considering how emotional it can be to end a marriage. family lawyers are often aware of and sympathetic toward the mental and emotional tolls that divorce can take on families, especially in disputes concerning child custody or property division.
however, it’s essential to never lose sight of the importance of professionalism in your attorney-client relationship. while a divorce lawyer will see you through the ups and downs of divorce proceedings, they are still a legal professional.
clients should respect their lawyer’s efforts by paying legal bills in a timely fashion to avoid potential awkwardness or detriment to their attorney-client relationship, as mutual respect is key to achieving success in court.
#3. ask the right questions and listen to the answers.
asking questions is the best way to learn what we don’t know. keep in mind that your divorce attorney is not only there to advocate on your behalf in court, but also to be your legal resource for questions and concerns. if you don’t understand a legal term or process, it’s crucial to ask for clarification to ensure that you and your attorney are on the same page.
on a related note, take the time to actually listen to your attorney’s response. given the overwhelming nature of divorce, it’s understandable that some soon-to-be divorcees struggle with concentration at times. however, it’s in your best interests to listen closely to your lawyer when they speak.
not only are you investing in your divorce attorney’s comprehensive legal knowledge (meaning you should accept and learn the knowledge they offer you), but doing so can prevent you from wasting time by repeating questions or having to backtrack in conversations.
#4. return your attorney’s calls and messages as promptly as possible.
timely communication is foundational to any working relationship, including attorney-client relationships. while this doesn’t mean you have to ditch work or sprint out in the middle of an appointment every time you get a text, it does mean that you shouldn’t leave it sitting unopened for days or weeks on end.
healthy communication doesn’t have to be an inconvenience. simply practice keeping your phone on hand with alerts set so you don’t miss anything important during your divorce case, and do your best to respond to communications the next time you have a free moment.
#5. don’t treat your attorney like a therapist.
again, divorce can be emotional. divorce attorneys realize this, which is why most family lawyers are compassionate and empathetic to their clients. while these traits are often appreciated, it’s worth noting that compassion alone doesn’t win court cases.
to have a good working relationship with a divorce attorney, you must set professional boundaries and maintain them. this isn’t to say that your divorce lawyer doesn’t care how you feel; it simply means that your attorney requires professional boundaries to perform their role effectively.
oversharing with an attorney can lead to blurred professional lines, which in turn can create confusion and distract from the legal tasks at hand. many people suffer poor mental health when undergoing a divorce. it’s completely okay to not feel okay, as long as you seek proper care from the right licensed professional. there’s no shame in seeking therapy or counseling to obtain needed coping strategies and help you process this major life event.
5 things your divorce lawyer should do for you
assuming that the client does their part to maintain a good attorney-client relationship, you can expect your lawyer to do their part to perform their role as effectively as possible.
what things can you reasonably expect from your lawyer during the divorce proceedings? generally, a reliable divorce attorney should:

keep you informed. a good family lawyer will notify you of updates in your case and do all they can to prepare you for the next step.
be upfront with you. a divorce attorney should be straightforward and honest about the details of your case.
explain/clarify legal statutes and terms. a divorce lawyer will use their legal knowledge, skills, and training to give you a better understanding of the divorce process and what to expect.
provide objective advice. a divorce attorney can direct your focus to what matters most, regardless of emotions. this can help you stay on track and devote your attention to items that will impact your future, such as child support or asset distribution.
be compassionate and professional. a skilled family lawyer will not only know the balance between compassion and professionalism, but can adapt to what the situation calls for. there will be times when your divorce lawyer offers a comforting word during a phone call and times when they need to buckle down and complete a legal responsibility.

it’s important to trust that your attorney knows best and follow their lead during divorce proceedings to maximize your chance of success in court. you can do your part by giving your lawyer the space and authority to provide the services you’re paying them for.






10 things your personal injury lawyer can do for you

by alfred lewis
on january 31, 2024
in blog



dealing with a serious situation often involves getting serious advice from a knowledgeable person. if someone else has injured you in some way, you want to talk to someone who can actually help you – like your personal injury lawyer. here’s a list of 10 things your attorney can do to help you with your personal injury claim.
#1.  handle different kinds of cases
many people think of automobile accidents when they think of personal injury claims. however, any time another person or company injures you, you may have a claim. your personal injury lawyer may handle cases involving:

slip and fall accidents,
dog bites,
medical malpractice, and
defamation.

so, you can call a personal injury lawyer even if a car accident did not cause your injury.
#2.  review your rights with you
state laws vary, but your personal injury attorney can review any applicable rights with you. one important thing to remember is that you have the right to seek compensation if a person or company has injured you.
#3.  your personal injury lawyer will analyze your case
personal injury attorneys typically listen to their clients and ask detailed, pertinent questions. it’s important to tell your lawyer the truth and completely answer all requests for information. your attorney needs to review the facts of your case before moving ahead with your claims.
#4.  run interference with insurance adjusters
after an accident, you typically are asked to discuss your claim with an insurance adjuster. we cannot emphasize enough that you need an attorney to represent you. otherwise, you may receive a lower financial recovery or no recovery at all.
#5.  pursue best compensation possible
the combination of training and experience makes it more likely that your personal injury attorney can get a good deal for you. however, keep in mind that each personal injury case is very individual and may have vastly different results.
#6.  your personal injury lawyer will investigate facts of your case
in addition to listening, your personal injury attorney also may conduct an investigation. for example, he or she might need to know more about the people or companies that harmed you before moving forward with your claim.
#7.  advise you on legal strategies
there’s more than one way to handle a personal injury claim. it’s a given that your personal injury lawyer can review your case and suggest strategies for getting the compensation you deserve.
#8.  analyze settlement offers
you can almost bet that an insurance company will offer a low-ball settlement. if you do not understand how to negotiate with an insurer, you may not know how to analyze a settlement offer either. on the other hand, your personal injury lawyer can use training and experience to make sure you get the best settlement possible.
#9.  represent you in legal proceedings
after being injured, you may want the person or company that harmed you to compensate you. that’s only natural. however, you need a personal injury lawyer to stand up for you every step of the way.
if negotiations with the insurance company don’t work, you may need to file a lawsuit, go to trial, or participate in a mediation. your personal injury lawyer can represent you in all legal proceedings related to your case.
#10.  handle your case on a contingency basis
you may worry that you cannot afford a personal injury lawyer. however, most attorneys take personal injury claims on a contingency basis. in other words, the attorney does not collect a fee unless he or she gets compensation for you.






7 tips on how to find a divorce lawyer

by alfred lewis
on january 2, 2024
in blog




how to pick the right divorce lawyer
choosing the right divorce attorney can be a difficult task for many people. still, there are some steps you can take to make the divorce process easier. below is a list of seven tips and tricks that will help guide you in your journey to find the perfect lawyer for your situation.
suppose your separation is not completely entangled with children and finances. in that case, you could hire a mediator to help you negotiate the terms of your divorce.
finding the right divorce lawyer is key to what could be a faster, less expensive divorce. your divorce attorney’s job is to represent you to the best of his or her ability in this process. don’t let your emotions jump in and run rampant when it comes to negotiating over material things that don’t mean much to you. it’s up to you to know what you want first, so you can make the right choice. 
picking the right divorce attorney

1. know what you want
the first thing you need to do is figure out what kind of lawyer you’re looking for. for example, suppose your issue is related to child custody. in that case, you should find a family law attorney to serve your needs better and make the divorce process more manageable. 
the same goes for any other type of legal matter. make sure the individual or firm specializes in the areas that surround your dispute.
knowing what you want from the beginning will help narrow down your search, making it less likely for you to be confused or mislead in any way throughout this process.
if there’s a specific attorney that stands out but their price is too high, don’t let them dissuade you right away. it may just mean they have extensive experience and are worth it. 
however, if you’re not confident in their price or area of expertise then you may want to keep looking for someone that suits your needs better
in order to find the right divorce lawyer that will best suit your case, take the time to research as much information about them on social media or at least review any reviews they have received from previous clients.
you should also ask for a consultation from the divorce lawyers; this is where you’ll have the opportunity to meet with your divorce attorney and get all of your questions answered in person before making any commitments to finally getting legal advice about your case.
most divorce lawyers do not hand out legal advice but give you a general idea of what to expect at the initial consultation. most divorce attorneys have a record. it is a good idea to ask the divorce lawyer about the attorney’s trial record if you choose a divorce.
2. set a realistic goal
it can be hard to know where you want your case to go. there’s no right or wrong answer for what outcome a person wants, but it is important to have realistic goals in mind and make sure that they are being met with the plan of action put forward by your divorce lawyer.
for example, some people might want their spouse to agree to share custody, while others might want the house or an equal division of assets. 
it is important to know what you’re looking for and make sure your divorce lawyer can help you reach that goal.
3. look for divorce lawyers in your city and county
when looking for a divorce lawyer, you might want to first search by city and then county. this could allow you to see what qualified attorneys are available in your area that will be able to help with the type of case that you’re going through.
as an example: if you live in jacksonville, florida, or duval county. you can ask google or siri, or any other search engine to find a divorce lawyer near me. the return will be for all divorce attorneys in your location; if you are outside of the immediate area, you may need to look for a divorce attorney in jacksonville, florida as a search term.
4. pick at least three attorneys to consult
you could pick the first lawyer you find, or you could do your best to find the best lawyer out of all potential lawyers. the right lawyer could be your first divorce lawyer found in your search or the last when looking to choose a divorce attorney or experienced attorney. it is common for people to look at several attorneys along the way.
if you are looking for a divorce attorney who can navigate the right divorce process, it is important to have the right one. here are three steps that i recommend in picking an attorney:

ask friends or a family member if they know of any good attorneys.
speak with a lawyer about your specific situation and needs (i.e., fee structure)
look at google reviews of the divorce lawyer
it is important to note that you should not just go with the first attorney. this way, you have more options and a better chance of finding someone who will do what’s best for your situation.

needless to say, picking an attorney can be tricky, especially if it’s not something that lawyers specialize in. local lawyers sometimes use tricks to get you in the door of their practice, acting as though they are a family lawyer, but in the end they can’t navigate the divorce legal system and would even make an uncontested divorce complicated.
they have never been in family law, have handled very few family law cases, and have rarely been in front of family law judges. you really don’t want that type of lawyer handling your divorce proceedings, even if they are cheap.
5. interview and research
some divorce attorneys claim they are experienced in family law but don’t have any references to back up their claims. to find a good divorce lawyer, you need to interview and research prospective lawyers by asking for peer or client referrals that can attest the candidate’s professionalism and experience.
but how do you know who is credible? 
you could ask them about previous family law experience, if they have handled child custody cases, do they know the spouse’s attorney, are they the senior lawyer? 
family law issues are complex, many attorneys want divorce cases, but they are more like a divorce coach and not able to handle mediations or the legal process.
6. listen to red flags
a good divorce attorney will be able to walk you through the family court system. walk with them, and don’t get lost! red flags include lawyers who don’t know what they are doing, lawyers trying to convince you not to say anything in front of your spouse’s attorneys, and those who misrepresent their qualifications or skills. 
ask for references for cases and ask for a trial separation to see if it works. here are a few things to look out for if you choose a divorce attorney.
red flags:

unresponsive to phone calls, doesn’t answer emails
condescending attitude
lacks compassion or is inappropriately invested emotionally
clueless in the specifics of your divorce case
excessive billing and legal fees
bullying

you can always judge an attorney by their past work and education and the way they present themselves. many essential skills go into being successful in family law: communication, negotiation, advocacy, and attention to detail, just to name a few. but even more important is empathy.

the right divorce lawyer will be empathetic about your divorce
the right divorce lawyer will understand divorce law
the right attorney will not meddle with or in your personal life or your ex-spouse
the right divorce lawyers will know that confidential information is kept private.

7. make your choice
some of the qualities i look for in potential attorneys or a divorce attorney are empathy, understanding, and knowledge. potential attorneys will understand your own unique circumstances.
the wrong person will lack empathy. empathy is one of the most important traits to have when handling a family law case because it is imperative that you feel like your attorney understands what you’re going through.
a good lawyer will be understanding and know what it is like to work with an opposing attorney. 
the divorce lawyer won’t understand how challenging the divorce process can be. in many cases, the divorce attorneys have children or ex-spouses themselves who are a part of the same difficult situation as you are.
you need an attorney that not only understands child support, a collaborative divorce process, custody issues, and mediation. they must also understand that this is an emotional process.
picking the wrong lawyer can be a devastating experience. going through a divorce is hard enough, so picking the right attorney vs. the wrong attorney is essential.
a potential lawyer should be the best attorney, with a good legal strategy in divorce proceedings, offers legal divorce services, has a track record in collaborative divorce, acts as a divorce coach, and is open, honest, and empathetic in your initial interview.
the ideal attorney should have your best interests in mind as any lawyer should. they should return phone calls and meet all of your legal divorce needs as an attorney.


how do i know if my divorce lawyer is any good?

the best attorneys should have a good legal strategy in divorce proceedings.
an ideal attorney will be open, honest, and empathetic in your initial interview.
a potential lawyer should return phone calls and meet all of your legal divorce needs as an attorney.

what should i not tell my divorce attorney?

you should not tell your lawyer any information that you would like to keep secret.
do not share sensitive personal or financial information with the attorney unless they request it to do their job better.
it is never a good idea to lie around an attorney, particularly about child custody and visitation rights issues.

what questions should i ask my first divorce lawyer?

does the lawyer have experience with divorce cases?
what are their rates and fees of service?
how much time do they devote to your case, if any at all? the more hours he or she can spend on your legal matter means that you will receive better representation. ask for a realistic estimate of how long it takes for your case to close.
how many cases like mine have they defended in the past? they should be able to tell you how often their firm defends cases and what percentage of those clients are satisfied with the outcome. if they defend a lot of divorces, there’s an added bonus! your case will likely go smoothly because they have the experience.
do they have any reviews? if so, how many and what are the comments about their service like?
does he or she work with a team of attorneys to divide up responsibilities in your case? this is often helpful because it prevents one person from becoming overwhelmed.
how much do i need to pay upfront for the divorce, and are there any hidden fees?
what are the qualifications of the attorney (i.e., how long have they been practicing law)? also, if you will be hiring them as a family law expert or for other services like adoption, do they specialize in that area? asking these questions up front can help avoid any potential conflicts down the road.







ways divorce attorneys help their clients

by alfred lewis
on november 23, 2023
in blog



explaining grounds for divorce
every state has established certain grounds for divorce that give one of the spouses the right to petition the court for the dissolution of the marital relationship. some grounds for divorce are fault-based, such as adultery, cruel treatment, abuse or incarceration.
all states recognize no-fault grounds for divorce. however, some states require that the spouses live separately for a certain period of time before their courts are permitted to dissolve the marital relationship.
a divorce lawyer can explain whether there are any benefits to asking the court to dissolve the marriage based on fault grounds. for example, this may be relevant in determining whether spousal support will be available or how much support will be awarded.
in some cases, there has been a defect in the marriage. a legal requirement may have been ignored, the proper paperwork may not have been filed or a proper ceremony may not have been performed to make the marriage legal. a lawyer can discuss whether voiding or annulling the marriage is preferable to getting a divorce.
providing objective advice
while divorce is an emotional process, a divorce lawyer can help make it less so. he or she can talk to you about factors that will affect your future, such as support and custody issues so that you are less focused on the demise of your marriage.additionally, a divorce lawyer can serve as the go-between for you and your spouse. you can avoid personal contact to help make the process easier to get through.
accounting for marital assets
in order to properly distribute the marital estate, a divorce lawyer ensures that his or her client discloses al such assets. in many marriages, one spouse may have handled the money and the other spouse may not be aware of the couple’s debts and assets. a divorce lawyer can help collect records and locate assets and liabilities so that the divorce settlement properly addresses these possessions.
explain property division
a divorce lawyer can explain how property is treated upon the dissolution of the marriage. each spouse may have separate property that they brought into the marriage. other spouses may have accumulated assets separately per a prenuptial or postnuptial agreement.
a divorce lawyer can explain whether the state is a community property state or equitable distribution state. this characteristic can make a dramatic difference on the distribution of the marital estate.
devising a debt repayment plan
many times, handling the family debt is more tumultuous than splitting assets. both partners may be legally responsible for joint debt. however, there are many cases in which only one spouse is held financially responsible for the debt. a lawyer can help determine how a spouse can protect himself or herself from debt that should be attributed to the other spouse.
determining spousal support and other benefits
a divorce lawyer can help assess whether a spouse may be entitled to spousal support or may be required to pay it. spousal support may be ordered when spouses have very different incomes or when one spouse sacrificed his or her career to advance the other spouse’s.
additionally, a spouse may be entitled to a portion of the business interest that the other spouse runs.some spouses are only worried about the immediate financial consequences of divorce. however, spouses may be entitled to a portion of their spouse’s pension or social security income if they have been married ten years or more.
helping with custody plans
a divorce lawyer can assist clients with developing a parenting plan that works for the parents and addresses the child’s needs.
preparation with divorce papers
in order to get divorced, formal papers must be submitted to the proper court for approval. a divorce lawyer can assist clients with preparing these papers or responding to the other spouse’s petition for divorce.
negotiating a settlement
a family law lawyer can help a client negotiate a divorce settlement regarding the marital estate. if this process does not involve litigation, it is typically cheaper and faster than it is when battling it out in court.
representing in court
a divorce lawyer can help you litigate your case if you need to. this process may be necessary to resolve disputes regarding child custody, spousal support or divorce.






what does a personal injury lawyer do?

by alfred lewis
on november 13, 2023
in blog




personal injury attorneys help people who have been injured due to someone else’s negligence or misconduct get compensation for the harm they suffered. they also help families who have lost a loved one to another party’s careless actions or deliberate wrongdoing. 
put simply, personal injury lawyers advocate for individuals and families and fight for their right to recover compensation. they do this by negotiating settlements with insurance providers and by filing a personal injury lawsuit against at-fault parties in civil court.
types of personal injury cases
personal injury claims usually revolve around an act of negligence or wrongdoing that led to someone being injured. while many people associate them primarily with traffic accidents, personal injury law involves a variety of legal matters. some common types of cases that personal injury attorneys help with include: 

bicycle accidents
boat accidents
car accidents
commercial motor vehicle collisions (including buses)
construction accidents
medical malpractice
motorcycle accidents
nursing home abuse and neglect
plane accidents
pedestrian accidents
premises liability (i.e., being injured on someone else’s property, which may include slip-and-falls, animal attacks, and negligent security)
product liability (injuries involving defective products or companies failing to warn consumers about the dangers of a specific product)
slip and fall accidents
truck accidents
workplace accidents
wrongful death

some personal injury lawyers have experience handling a wide range of tort-related matters, while others specialize in one or two specific areas of personal injury law, such as auto accidents or slip-and-falls. when searching for an attorney to take on your injury case, you should look for a lawyer with experience handling claims that are similar to yours. 
what do personal injury lawyers do?
a personal injury lawyer can help with an injury claim in numerous ways, including the following:
conducting an investigation
personal injury attorneys always exercise care when taking on new clients since they typically finance cases themselves, making their money through a percentage of recovered compensation rather than upfront legal fees. before they take a case, an attorney will assess the situation to determine whether the client has a valid claim. personal injury lawyers don’t typically agree to work on a case unless they believe they have a solid chance of winning it for the client. 
gathering evidence
once a personal injury attorney has decided to take a case, they will gather evidence of liability, which can be used to support the client’s claim. for instance, a personal injury attorney would likely seek out copies of any police or accident reports, medical records, and other documentation. if there were any witnesses to the incident that caused the client’s injury, the attorney may locate those people and get them to give statements. they may also compile visual evidence, such as photos taken at the scene of the accident or surveillance camera footage that captured the incident. additionally, they might consult with experts who can provide testimony to support the client’s claim, including medical, mental health, and accident reconstruction experts. they will move quickly to gather and preserve any evidence that could potentially be lost or destroyed. this evidence can then be used to demonstrate that the alleged at-fault party was indeed responsible for the client’s injury.
determining the value of your claim
a personal injury attorney will calculate the value of the client’s claim once the severity and extent of their injuries and losses are known. the attorney’s goal is to help the client recover the maximum possible compensation for each loss they suffered. losses can be economic, like medical expenses and lost income, or non-economic, like pain and suffering. for wrongful death cases, a personal injury attorney may be able to help a family recover compensation for funeral and burial expenses, medical bills incurred by the deceased person before they passed away, loss of household services, and loss of companionship, guidance, love, and affection.
negotiating with insurance companies
personal injury lawyers have extensive experience negotiating with insurance providers, and they understand the tactics that insurance companies use to save money by reducing or denying claims. injury victims stand a much better chance of securing a fair settlement if they have a personal injury lawyer to negotiate with the insurer and its legal team on their behalf. personal injury attorneys often handle all other communications with the insurance company as well, which prevents the client from accidentally making a mistake that could jeopardize their claim.
preparing and filing complaints
if settlement talks fall through, or the insurance company simply refuses to offer a fair settlement, a personal injury lawyer may take legal action by preparing and filing a lawsuit against the at-fault party. referred to as a complaint, this legal document lays out the reasons why that party, now called the defendant, is liable for the injuries suffered by their client, who is now called the plaintiff. it also specifies the amount of compensation the plaintiff is seeking.
entering discovery
during discovery, which occurs in the pre-trial stage of the legal process, a personal injury attorney will turn over evidence that they have collected to the defense and request evidence from the defendant’s legal team. they may also conduct depositions with experts and witnesses. 
trying the case in civil court
many personal injury lawsuits end in a settlement agreement. either party can agree to settle during discovery, mediation, or even during the trial. if a case proceeds to trial, a personal injury attorney will represent the client before a judge and potentially a jury. they will present their client’s case, call witnesses, and act as the client’s personal advocate throughout the often-confusing court proceedings. 
how much do personal injury lawyers cost?
most personal injury attorneys work on contingency, meaning that they don’t charge an upfront legal fee. instead, the attorney only collects their legal fee in the form of a percentage of whatever compensation they obtain for the client. by hiring an attorney who works on a contingency fee basis, injured individuals won’t be adding to the financial burden they’re already facing due to steep medical bills and lost income.
contact a personal injury attorney for help
if you were injured in an accident in new york and someone else is to blame, hiring a personal injury lawyer to represent you can mean the difference between receiving fair financial compensation and walking away with nothing. 






7 important qualities your divorce lawyer must have

by alfred lewis
on october 23, 2023
in blog




getting a divorce will likely be one of the most stressful, emotionally fraught experiences of your life. as you navigate the process, you will be forced to make tough decisions that will have a lasting impact on your finances, your parenting, and your relationship with your ex-spouse. the process may last several months, in some cases more than a year, and while some divorces are handled fairly amicably, others result in conflict and tension.
the best way to come out on the other side with your sanity intact is to enlist the expertise of a divorce lawyer. a skilled attorney will make it much easier for you and your family to weather the divorce process. in fact, the right divorce attorney will be able to handle most of the day-to-day aspects of your divorce, leaving you more time for self-care.
as such, one of the most important decisions you will make in this process is which divorce attorney you hire. as you interview different candidates, there are a few qualities that you should prize above all others.
the key qualities of a divorce lawyer
1) your divorce lawyer should have the ability to communicate.
during divorce proceedings, clear communication is key. your divorce attorney must keep you apprised of the latest developments in your case, conveying enough detail for you to weigh in and make informed decisions about how you wish to proceed.
communication cuts both ways. your divorce lawyer must also be a good listener, able to hear and fully comprehend your wishes, goals, and priorities.
finally, a good divorce lawyer needs to be an effective negotiator, able to facilitate fruitful discussions with your ex (and your ex’s attorney), and passionately make a case for you in court.
2) your divorce lawyer should be available.
when going through a divorce, it is only natural to want an attorney who is attentive to your needs, ready to answer questions or provide insight as needed. in short, you want to feel like you have your attorney’s undivided attention, or something close to it.
realistically, you are probably not going to be your divorce lawyer’s only client. with that said, you should certainly seek an attorney with a balanced and easily managed caseload. it is ideal to find an attorney who can generally answer the phone when you call, or at least respond to texts and voicemails in a timely manner.
3) your divorce lawyer should have a command of local divorce laws.
if you are looking for an attorney in the elizabethtown area, then you will want to ensure the attorney knows the details of kentucky divorce proceedings.
in addition to knowing local laws, it may also be important to ask about legal specialties. for example, some clients may need to verify that their attorney has plenty of experience handling high-conflict divorces or lgbtq divorces.
also, note that a good divorce attorney will know the local courtrooms and judges pretty well. knowledge of how local family courts tend to operate can be highly consequential for your case.
4) your divorce lawyer must exhibit sound judgment.
for your case to succeed, you will need more than just knowledge of local divorce laws. you will also need an attorney who can evaluate the specifics of your case and make important judgment calls. for example, should you seek a collaborative divorce? should you try to settle out of court? and what does your attorney think about joint custody versus sole custody?
as you look for the right divorce attorney, make sure you find someone whose judgment you trust.
5) your divorce lawyer needs to be emotionally stalwart.
you will look to your divorce attorney for legal guidance as well as emotional strength and fortitude.
remember that the divorce process can be grueling, and you are sure to experience a wide range of emotions as the process unfolds. however, you need an attorney who can be both empathetic and strong and who you can lean on for support during this process.
6) your divorce lawyer needs to be cool under pressure.
sometimes, things will not go quite according to plan. you may have a judge who does not respond favorably, or an opposing counsel who throws a wrench in your strategy.
this may be frustrating for you, and it is bound to be challenging for your divorce attorney, as well. with that said, it is crucial that your lawyer remains cool and composed, regardless of what happens.
simply put, your divorce lawyer always needs to be the one controlling your case, not ceding control to your spouse’s attorney.
7) your divorce lawyer should be someone you feel comfortable talking to.
over the course of multiple months, you will spend a lot of time talking with your divorce lawyer. you will convey to them information regarding some of the most intimate topics, including your hopes and dreams as a parent, your financial status, even details of your married life.
it is crucially important that you hire for “fit,” finding a divorce lawyer whose personality and style mesh with your own. make sure the divorce attorney you hire is someone you feel comfortable with.






what makes personal injury lawyers different?

by alfred lewis
on september 15, 2023
in blog



there are many types of legal specialisation, but what traits and characteristics distinguish personal injury lawyers from other types of lawyers?

personal injury law is one of the most complicated fields of law to understand, and you should never try to represent yourself when you’re involved in an accident that resulted in injuries. a lawyer, on the other hand, possesses the knowledge and expertise to lobby for your rights. but, can you hire any lawyer to be your legal counsel for a personal injury case? there are a lot of lawyers that you can choose from, but keep in mind that their services will differ depending on their specialised area of expertise.
when thinking about lawyers, people often conjure images of ones working in the courtroom to fight over legal matters. however, there are many types of lawyers for different types of needs. but, in general, these professionals have one main goal in mind—to ensure that their clients’ rights are protected at all times.
various traits and characteristics distinguish a personal injury attorney from other types of lawyers. while a personal injury attorney and a civil lawyer are both professionals who help settle disputes, the differences in the laws and policies of these two fields make them distinct from each other. this article helps clarify some of these common discrepancies between personal injury attorneys and other types of lawyers.
different types of lawyers
these are the common types of lawyers as well as their respective purposes:

business lawyer: a business lawyer may either be a transactional or litigation attorney. both types of lawyers deal with businesses and the laws that govern them.
civil litigation lawyer: you’ll need to hire a civil litigation attorney if you’ve been sued for any reason. also referred to as a trial lawyer, they’ll represent you to dispute claims against you so you can avoid going to jail or paying for damages and penalties.
criminal defense lawyer: everyone is deemed ‘innocent until proven guilty,’ and this is the reason why one would want to hire an expert criminal defense attorney.
family lawyer: any legal dispute that concerns a family lawyer should handle the family, also called a divorce lawyer or domestic relations attorney.
personal injury lawyer: there are many instances why one will need to hire a personal injury lawyer, and it’s not just for car crash-related cases. if you experience any physical injury because of the negligence of another individual or entity, you should call a personal injury lawyer. a personal injury may result from vehicular accidents, medical malpractice, slip-and-fall cases, animal attacks, and more. when hiring a lawyer to handle a personal injury case for you, it’s crucial to look for one that specializes in tort law.
real estate lawyer: a lawyer who handles real estate legal matters can help you when it comes to property problems. what makes a real estate attorney distinct from a trust and estates lawyer is that the former handles cases concerning boundaries and zoning classifications as opposed to real estate inheritance.
traffic lawyer: you may have never heard of a traffic lawyer, but this type of legal counsel is crucial when handling driving-related offenses, which are more common than you think. if you’re slapped with any traffic infraction including a dui offense, it’s best to call a good traffic attorney.
trusts and estates lawyer: many people consult a trust and estates attorney to ensure that their money and property will be handled in their preferred manner upon their demise.

there are many other types of personal injury lawyers as well. some personal injury lawyers work with people who’ve been injured at work, through a car accident, and more. these types of lawyers work with people who may be at fault in an accident or have been negligent in some way. these lawyers are specialized and work on a contingency basis, meaning they’re paid only if their client wins in court. if you have any legal matters to attend to, it’s crucial to find the right type of lawyer who understands what you need to accomplish.

if you experience any physical injury because of the negligence of another individual or entity, you should call a personal injury lawyer.

difference between personal injury attorneys and other types of lawyers
it’s only natural to want to hire a lawyer who you feel understands your case, is compassionate, and has a good grasp of the legal system, therefore resolving or avoiding any potential legal issues that you may have.
understanding of personal injury law
the main difference between a general lawyer, a personal injury attorney, and other types of legal counsel is the personal injury lawyer’s knowledge of ‘tort law.’ personal injury laws govern them. these laws are designed to protect an individual’s rights when they become a victim of someone else’s wrongful conduct. personal injury cases deal mainly with damages to the victim or their property.
victims are required to file a complaint through the local police or other legal bodies. if they’re unable to do so, their case can be represented by a qualified personal injury lawyer. on behalf of their clients, a personal injury attorney gathers evidence before filing a personal injury claim. the victim, with the help of a lawyer, should collect and present pieces of evidence to prove the accident happened and whether they’re their fault or not. the case may be settled privately or presented in front of a court where a judge and jury hear it.
reasons to hire a personal injury lawyer
the type of lawyer you should hire should be a professional with the proper knowledge, training, and skills. while you may hire a general practice lawyer for a personal injury claim that you want to file, you’ll get better results in working with a lawyer with expert knowledge of injury and accident laws.
these are the main and important reasons to hire a personal injury lawyer and not just any kind of lawyer when you’ve been injured or a victim of negligence:

they can manage the entire case from start to end, including gathering evidence or proof to support your claim.
they evaluate how the accident affected you physically and emotionally, quantifying the damages and injuries to assess your potential compensation claim.
they safeguard your interests and rights, as well as ensure that you obtain just compensation for injuries or damages to property.
one of the most significant roles of a personal injury attorney is to prove that the accident or injuries were not the fault of the client. an experienced tort lawyer can establish proof to ensure that your claim withstands.

one thing that you shouldn’t forget is that a personal injury attorney vs other types of lawyers is not always an apples-and-oranges comparison. the laws and policies of each profession are unique and will differ in the kind of work they do. if you want to know how a civil lawyer or a personal injury lawyer will do in your case, you should ask for references or look online for some personal experiences of people who’ve worked with them. if you feel like your case is similar to theirs, you should probably go with them because you’re somewhat guaranteed that they’ll represent your best interests in court.

the main difference between a general lawyer, a personal injury attorney, and other types of legal counsel is the personal injury lawyer’s knowledge of ‘tort law.’

what to look for in tort attorneys
you must carefully select a personal injury lawyer since the ability of your legal counsel matters a lot when dealing with injury cases resulting from an accident or act of negligence.
here’s how you can find an expert personal injury attorney that is worth your time and money:

the first step to representing yourself in court is to find a qualified personal injury lawyer who’s willing to assist you in your legal situation. whatever your legal concern is, it’s always recommended to hire a lawyer based on their experience in that particular field, as well as reputation.
the best personal injury lawyers will be willing to give you all the advice and representation you need, without charging any fees until you win the case. some personal injury lawyers work on a fee-for-service basis, while some lawyers use contingency only. if you’re working with a legal professional who charges a fee for their service, you should understand that this isn’t an exception. it’s very important to understand how much your fees will be and if this is in line with what the law firm represents. 
a personal injury attorney should have a clear understanding of the nature of the personal injury, the procedure involved in filing a personal injury case, the consequences if the case is lost, and the right of the client to retain the services of a personal injury lawyer. all these points should be fully discussed before deciding to hire a personal injury lawyer or not.







page 1 of 5


next







search

recent posts







types of lawyers: roles and qualifications – a comprehensive insight
july 29, 2024









why is the work of paralegals so important?
june 28, 2024









what is your divorce lawyer’s role in the process?
march 14, 2024









5 things your divorce attorney needs from you
february 20, 2024









10 things your personal injury lawyer can do for you
january 31, 2024




categories

blog (43)

divorce law (1)

personal injury lawyers in boston (1)


archives

july 2024 (1)
june 2024 (1)
march 2024 (1)
february 2024 (1)
january 2024 (2)
november 2023 (2)
october 2023 (1)
september 2023 (1)
august 2023 (1)
february 2023 (1)
november 2022 (1)
june 2022 (1)
may 2022 (1)
april 2022 (1)
march 2022 (2)
february 2022 (4)
january 2022 (4)
december 2021 (2)
november 2021 (2)
october 2021 (2)
september 2021 (2)
august 2021 (1)
july 2021 (3)
june 2021 (2)
may 2021 (2)
june 2020 (1)
september 2019 (1)
august 2019 (1)








powered by wordpress & theme by anders norén





















