






timber ridge – westlake, ohio's best apartment value








































 
 
  




skip to content




 




(440) 871-8866   


 



home
floor plans
apply
contact us
resident log-in
menu



search for:























 








come see what an enjoyable experience apartment living can be. convenience, comfort and tranquility can all be yours at timber ridge. you don't have to compromise! 
you'll enjoy a residential setting nestled in an ideal location for easy access to i-480 and i-90, as well as fine dining, shopping and entertainment.
stretch out in our well-designed two bedroom, two bath apartment homes with up to 1,200 square feet of over-sized rooms and tons of closet space. three floor plan designs offer an open feeling that is complimented by features to enhance a comfortable, carefree lifestyle.
meticulously maintained, professionally managed with your satisfaction guaranteed. exceptional westlake value...and it even includes a garage! 
if you would like more information about timber ridge, please feel free to contact us.



floor plans


(click to view models and details.)

 



amenities & pet policy





community amenities
• private, only 120 suites
• beautiful landscaped grounds
• pet friendly
• 24 hour emergency maintenance
• sparkling outdoor pool with sundeck
• fitness center



apartment amenities
• hot/cold water included
• garage with opener included
• balcony or patio
• central air conditioning
• 16' eat-in kitchen
• self-cleaning electric range
• frost-free refrigerator
• full-size washer & dryer
• generous closet space
• intercom entry system
• plush wall-to-wall carpeting




we're pet friendly!
cats:
• up to two (2) clawed or de-clawed cats accepted.
• resident must sign a pet agreement, and pay a monthly pet rent.
or
dogs:
• one (1) dog weighing a maximum of thirty-five (35) pounds at maturity.
• breed restrictions apply.
• resident must sign a pet agreement, and pay a monthly pet rent.
some restrictions apply. call for details.






gallery of images
















































































360° virtual tour of two bedroom model



.




located in westlake, ohio





• 5 minutes to crocker park
• easy access to i-90 & i-480
• 10 min. to beautiful lake erie
• 20 min. to downtown cleveland
• close to shopping & fine dining



• complete city rec. center
• highly rated schools
• walk to new k-4 elementary school
• minutes to cleveland metroparks
• minutes to ohio turnpike



apartment site map



 




contact us










 









 your name*
 
 your email*
 
 subject*
 
 your message*
 
which is greater, 7 or 4?* 
please leave this field empty.










timber ridge apartments
28331 center ridge road || westlake, ohio 44145
phone: 440-871-8866
leasing@timberridgeofwestlake.com
hours: monday - saturday: 11 - 5pm;
sunday: noon - 5pm; closed tuesday


resident emergency service: (216) 398-4680






other wrpm apartment communities in the cleveland area





the islander
middleburg hts, ohio
call: (440) 243-6222




pleasant lake
parma, ohio
call: (440) 845-0300




grand bay of brecksville
brecksville, ohio
call: (440) 526-5440




the lakes of aurora
aurora, ohio
call: (330) 562-8649

 








home || virtual tour || floor plans || amenities || images || location || contact us || join our team || privacy policy






  






hours: monday - saturday: 11 - 5pm; sunday: noon - 5pm; closed tuesday.
28331 center ridge road || westlake, ohio 44145 || phone: 440-871-8866
leasing@timberridgeofwestlake.com
*terms and conditions: rental rates are based on availability and may include special move-in incentives. rates are subject to change without prior notice. some conditions may apply. illustrations throughout the site are a reasonable facsimile. room dimensions may vary.
© 2022 western reserve property management

 
a siteorigin theme





privacy notice

this privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.timberridgeofwestlake.com. this privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. it will notify you of the following:
    what personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
    what choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
    the security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
    how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
information collection, use, and sharing
we are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. we only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. we will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
we will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. we will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
your access to and control over information
you may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. you can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
    see what data we have about you, if any.
    change/correct any data we have about you.
    have us delete any data we have about you.
    express any concern you have about our use of your data.
security
we take precautions to protect your information. when you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. you can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
while we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. the computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
if you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 440-871-8866 or via email at leasing@timberridgeofwestlake.com.


			×			




















