













cbic




























find a certificantcandidate handbookabout cbicmerchandise



 
            













 
            



menu



 get certifiedprometric experience get startedcic®advanced leadership certification in infection preventiona-ipc™ltc-cip®exam prep resourcesexam applications and formswhy certify? recertifycic® recertification by examinationa-ipc™ recertification by exama-ipc™ recertification by ipusltc-cip®  recertification by ipusltc-cip® recertification by exam recertification by continuing education (cic®)ipu provider approval requests my certificationmy profilecbic digital badgingemeritus cic®  news & mediacbic blogcbic milestones cbic spotlighta-ipc in the spotlightaround the world with cicscic® in the spotlightltc-cip®  in the spotlightpandemic storiescollege healthcbic multimedia certification faqsciclong term care faqsa-ipcrecertification by examinationrecertification by ipus


find a certificantcandidate handbookabout cbicmerchandise







please wait while we gather your results.certification, for me, symbolizes a commitment. i was able to show my ltc-cip to the surveyors for our annual survey and they felt more confident with our policies.
-- amy melna, ltc-cip, msn, aprn, fnp-bc having the a-ipc™ certification has increased my confidence in my knowledge as a novice ip. i also feel having the a-ipc™ certification has increased my credibility as an ip with caregivers and providers.

- kristyn hanzel, a-ipc 
becoming certified shows a commitment to best practices in infection prevention and control and improved care regardless of the facility type in which one practices.
-- lynn fine, phd, mph, cic, fapicbeing a cic to me means that i am considered as a subject matter expert to my peers and within my organization.
-- latasha richards, msn, rn, cic
i have stayed an ip because every day i am able to use my clinical skills, knowledge, creativity, impact and influence to make a difference.
-- jeannie sanborn, rn, bs, ms, cicabsolutely go for it! sure, it's work, but so worthwhile.

-- marcia patrick, rn, msn, cic
what are you waiting for?




associate – infection prevention and control (a-ipc)

am i eligible?

emeritus cic® (ecic) status
                                                      
                                          am i eligible?                                           am i eligible?                                     

10,617:
number of individuals certified in infection control (cic®).
 

 
(updated 1/3/2025)
 809:
number of individuals certified in long-term care certification in infection prevention (ltc-cip®).

729:
number of individuals certified in associate – infection prevention and control (a-ipctm).

 
 
please wait while we gather your results.cbic multimediapodcasts or webinars? teleclasses or brochure materials? our multimedia page addresses frequently asked questions, showcases some of our amazing cics, and continues to inform the public about the industry.read more...cic® in the spotlightwhy did you choose a career in infection prevention and control? what does being a cic® mean to you? view our spotlight series, and find out how you can become featured!read more...why certify?still on the fence about certification? find resources for educating others about the value of a cic® credential, a why certify? infographic, and an infection prevention recruitment video. 
read more...
the cic® is recognized as the premiere infection prevention and control certification for nurses in canada. 

79%
of certificate holders find their cic® very impactful.


36%
of certificate holders earned a raise or better position after earning the certification.


82%
of certificate holders would recommend a cic® certification to their peers.


cic® is the only accredited certification in infection prevention and control. accredited certification matters












cbic
1400 crystal drive
suite 900
arlington, va 22202
202-454-2625
info@cbic.org
 

facebook
twitter
linkedin



privacy policy
info@cbic.org
contact us



cookies









            © 2019 certification board of infection control and epidemiology, inc. all rights reserved
        

this site is powered by the northwoods titan content management system.



top






