






suffolk county community college - home of the sharks











































































































skip to main content

















register for open house on sunday, april 6, 2025, from 12-2 pm!









about
athletics
education without limits
tours
videos
current students

login

quick links 

academic calendar
beacon program
board of trustees
bookstore
class schedule
college catalog
college directory
directions and maps
employment
for the community
library
non-degree student
pay your bill
public safety
register
request transcript
scholarships
student handbook



















search







 






search





  toggle navigation  


login 

about suffolk

academic calendar

apply/enroll

athletics

beacon program portal

class schedule

college directory

college videos

current students

education without limits

employment

experience student life

explore academics

library

pay your bill

public safety

register

request information

request transcript

virtual orientation

virtual tours

 

 explore academics





explore academics

with the lowest college tuition on long island, suny suffolk will show you why an exceptional education doesn't have to be expensive.





academic affairs
academic calendar
academic integrity
class schedule
college catalog
college for high school students
continuing education
course descriptions
english as a second language






faculty and staff
honors program
library
majors and programs
online education
study abroad
transfer agreements
workforce and economic development








 

 student life





experience student life

choose from many different programs of study.





the arts
athletics
campus activities
campus and virtual tours
career services
center for social justice and human understanding
children's learning centers
civic engagement and voter education
clubs and organizations






dining
disability services
health services
mental health and wellness services
public safety
student affairs administration
student handbook
veterans
virtual orientation








 

 apply / enroll





enrolling and admissions

we're excited that you're joining suffolk county community college.





admissions
apply now 
continuing education
counseling and advising
estimate your cost (net price calculator)
financial aid
high school equivalency (hse) preparation and ged development
international student
is online learning right for me?






new student admissions
new student advising
non-degree student
registrar
request information
returning to suffolk?
scholarships
student consumer information
transfer student
tuition and fees















































need to speak to somebody about enrolling at suny suffolk?

                                    					 please feel free to contact any of these enrollment services offices directly. 
                                    				learn more 
student resources

                                    					 explore suny suffolk resources, along with links to external organizations that provide
                                    support for mental wellness counseling, emergency student loans, food assistance,
                                    temporary housing, and much more.  
                                    				learn more 
virtual campus tours

                                    					 take a virtual tour of our campuses and see why you belong at suffolk! 
                                    				learn more 
governmental updates

                                    					 learn about resources and updates in response to changes in federal executive orders
                                    and other federal activities. 
                                    				learn more 
calling all sharks: basketball night out feb. 27 @ sbu

                                    					 in honor of the seawolves at suffolk program, come cheer on the stony brook men's
                                    basketball team with special suffolk "guest" coaches dr. bonahue and neftali collazo,
                                    dean of special events and athletics. scan the qrc to learn more! 
                                    				learn more 
sharkbite video: we love adult learners!

                                    					 it's never too late to become who you want to be. suffolk offers programs and services
                                    to help adult learners reach goals and achieve dreams. 
                                    				learn more 
listen to suffolk radio

                                    					 suffolk’s internet radio station brings you the best music all day long. 
                                    				learn more 







upcoming events







news



flecker gallery announces first exhibition of the semester: "daylight" by adam lowenbein from february 6 - march 6, 2025
01/24/2025
the flecker gallery on the ammerman campus in selden is pleased to host daylight by acclaimed artist adam lowenbein. this captivating exhibition will open on thursday, february 6, 2025, with a reception and artist talk from 3:00 to 4:30 p.m. in the southampton building of the ammerman campus. the show will run through march 6, 2025.


suffolk county community college presents drone beuys: origins at the sagtikos art gallery from february 12 - march 28, 2025
01/23/2025
suffolk county community college is proud to announce the exhibition drone beuys: origins, on display at the sagtikos art gallery, located in the sagtikos arts and science building on the michael j. grant campus in brentwood. the exhibition will run from february 12 - march 28, 2025, and invites visitors to explore themes of myth, creation, and technology through a series of interactive artworks.


the fifth annual mlk portrait project exhibition will be held at suffolk county community college's eastern campus from  january 29 - march 7, 2025
01/22/2025
the fifth annual mlk portrait project exhibition will be on view at the suffolk county community college eastern campus' lyceum gallery, located in the montaukett learning resource center on the eastern campus in riverhead from january 29 through march 7, 2025. a reception will be held on thursday, february 27, from 4 - 6 p.m. refreshments will be served, and all are welcome.


suffolk county community college applauds governor hochul for critical support for student success in 2025 state of the state agenda
01/17/2025
governor's support for suny asap|ace programs will empower students with financial, academic and other support to boost graduation rates, close opportunity gaps


suffolk county community college spring 2025 theatre season
01/14/2025
the theatres at suffolk county community college and the lively arts series presents the spring 2025 season.

read more news











accessibilityemploymentcontact usdirectionsnon-discrimination noticeprivacy statement


listen to suffolk radio!
like us on facebook
follow us on instagram
follow us on x
follow us on linkedin
watch us on youtube
















official partner of suffolk county community college and the college foundation



our mission
suny suffolk is a student-centered college community serving suffolk county and beyond by providing open access to exceptional educational opportunities.




suffolk county community college
						selden • brentwood • riverhead
						long island, new york
						ammerman campus (631) 451-4110
						eastern campus (631) 548-2500
						michael j. grant campus (631) 851-6700
						admissions (631) 451-4000
						continuing education (631) 451-4114
						culinary arts and hospitality center (631) 548-3700
					









copyright ©  suffolk county community college, 533 college rd., selden, ny 11784-2899 / sexual violence and title ix complaints / contact for dmca claim infringement / last updated 






















































last updated: 2/14/25





