



ottawa valley associated railroaders









 



ottawa valley associated railroaders
modellers, railfans and historians in the ottawa-gatineau region 

home

about ovar
dinner meetings
the interchange
membership
marketplace
payments
the track gang
feature articles


train schedule
member layouts
operating groups

railfan

railfan pictures


our sponsors
links

local links
other links


ovar history

dinner bell
mcewen award
past chairmen
50th anniversary



  




the next ovar meeting is
tuesday march 11, 2025
currently reserved: 5     
      

presentation:michael kostiukscotland travels.display:canadian roadsget the february issue of the interchange here (pdf)
 


 

model train sales eventthe 2025 ovar model train sales event will be held at the marconi centre, 1026 baseline road, on saturday march 29th from 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. cost of admission is $5.00 per person. children under 12 are free. for vendors, table rentals for a six foot table are $25.00 for ovar members and $30.00 for non-ovar members. vendors may have only one free assistant. the marconi centre will be open 7:00 a.m. until 3:00 p.m. for vendor setup and take down.once a reservation is requested, payment for tables may be made by email transfer to payments@ovar.ca. if unable to pay by e-transfer, a cheque will be accepted. payment must be received prior to confirming the reservation. cash for tables will not be accepted at the show.for reservations, contact bernie goodman, bern12@bell.net, or john howard, j.howard@sympatico.ca .march dinner reservationsreservations for the next dinner meeting in march are now open. remember that a reservation is required by march 5 and while prepayment is not required it is greatly apprieciated. go here for how to make a reservation and go here for information about the meetings.upcoming local eventssaturday march 29, 2025 - model train event saturday february 22, 2025 - tracks and trains: railroads in miniature tuesday march 4, 2025 - bytown railway society regular meeting see the train schedule for all the details.online paymentsovar can receive payments via interac and paypal. and, please note the address for mailing cheques has changed. see the details here. 

 
 
©ottawa valley associated railroaders 2025
 


