


































university of northern british columbia - homepage | unbc






      skip to main content
    















search
                   - optional



search






academic calendar
campus services
campuses
library
maps
bookstore
timberwolves
northern sport centre
events
news
careers




apply to unbc
















admissions


programs and courses


campus life


indigenous


research


about


myunbc








information for


future students


current students


faculty and staff


alumni


donate now










apply to unbc




















































admissions


programs and courses


campus life


indigenous


research


about


myunbc


























ready to join unbc?

be ready to elevate your potential, explore new opportunities, and impact your world.


      apply today
    




















 

 









discover unbc


discover unbc




 

 









learn how to apply


learn how to apply




 

 









student life and resources


student life and resources


















research and innovation
join a community of enthusiastic researchers who will cultivate your curiosity for knowledge and exploration.
 discover research at unbc





4
canada research chairs


32
graduate degree programs














acting on truth and reconciliation
we are on a path to meaningfully enact reconciliation with indigenous peoples through dialogue, education, research, relationships, and service.
 find initiatives and resources





14%
of all unbc students self-identify as indigenous.


50+
reconciliation initiatives














become part of the alumni community
unbc graduates are empowering northern communities as they put their degrees to work across the region and around the world.
 connect with alumni relations





16,000+
unbc alumni


81%
of unbc graduates work in fields related to their programs.














learning happens everywhere
apply the knowledge you learn in the classroom and discover solutions that can have a global impact.
 explore experiential learning





17+
programs with field school opportunities.


36
programs with co-op opportunities.














ready to be a leader
unbc consistently places as one of canada’s top universities in national and international rankings.
 check out our rankings





#1
for students who win national awards.


top 5%
of all universities worldwide.









for thousands of years, indigenous peoples have walked gently on the diverse traditional territories where the university of northern british columbia community is grateful to live, work, learn, and play. we are committed to building and nurturing relationships with indigenous peoples and we acknowledge their traditional lands.











information for


future students


current students


faculty and staff


alumni


donate now






















 









 










research at unbc
study with faculty who are passionate about what they teach, including canada research chairs.
office of research and innovation






 










leading a sustainable future
supporting community sustainability is why we exist – this is what drives unbc. we lead positive change by sharing what we learn with the world.
learn about canada’s green university






 










international students
join us at unbc – our community will make you feel welcome the moment you set foot on campus.
resources for international students






 










go timberwolves!
cheer on our unbc timberwolves soccer and basketball teams!
athletics at unbc













 apply to unbc











 













 our stories


















 













 unbc events

















unbc's motto
'en cha huná
unbc’s motto, from the dakelh (carrier) elders, reminds us that all people have a voice and a viewpoint. interpreted as "respecting all forms of life," 'en cha huná encapsulates the spirit of academic freedom, respect for others, and willingness to recognize different perspectives.






 










awards and financial aid
view hundreds of available scholarships, bursaries, and awards. $3.7 million in financial awards are given each year.
explore award opportunities






 










housing and residence life
home to more than 500 students, unbc housing is a convenient, safe and supportive community.
learn about living on campus






 










future students: subscribe for updates
receive personalized emails about your programs of interest, scholarships, application dates, and more.
sign up



















 
university of northern british columbia3333 university wayprince george, bc  canada  v2n 4z9
prince george campus phone: 250-960-5555






additional footer links

unbc campuses
contact unbc




for thousands of years, indigenous peoples have walked gently on the diverse traditional territories where the university of northern british columbia community is grateful to live, work, learn, and play. we are committed to building and nurturing relationships with indigenous peoples and we acknowledge their traditional lands. read the full traditional territory acknowledgement.









contact unbc


login


careers


news


library


accessibility


cookie settings


emergency


privacy









facebook


instagram


linkedin


twitter


youtube













            © copyright 2025 the university of northern british columbia














