








temple emanuel of north jersey | conservative, traditional, egalitarian






















































temple emanuel of north jersey
conservative, traditional, egalitarian


menu
skip to content
welcome to temple emanuel of north jersey!

meet our rabbi and staff
meet our board of trustees
our mission
our history


pray and learn with us

prayer services
shabbat services
education programs
resources for jewish learning


join our community

membership
sisterhood
sponsor kiddush or oneg
opportunities for giving


publications

videos


calendar
thank you for your continued support!

please support our advertisers
thank you to the businesses supporting our ad journal


donate/pay now

general
dues
yahrzeit
events


contact us

directions


facebook
  






welcome to temple emanuel of north jersey!



temple emanuel of north jersey is a community that welcomes participants from all backgrounds and ages.  our community is the heart and soul of our congregation.  we value individual spiritual growth, jewish learning, and acting in the world to make it a better place.  our prayer services are traditional, egalitarian, and conservative,  in which jewish men and women participate equally.  we encourage interfaith families to join us and become a part of our community.  our membership includes individuals and families from bergen and passaic counties, new york, and beyond.
our synagogue is located in franklin lakes overlooking the beautiful franklin lakes nature preserve. visit us! pray with us! learn with us! join us for our weekly shabbat services, saturdays at 10:00 a.m.
connect with us online – join tenj’s facebook discussion and “like” our facebook page! to be included on our weekly e-newsletter, l’chayim, please click here. 

upcoming shabbat
parshat yitro
friday, february 145:12 p.m. shabbat candle lighting 
saturday, february 1510:00 a.m. shabbat simchah service & celebration


upcoming events:






















the three hostages released this week, emily, doron, and romi, were met at the border by their mothers. we continue to pray for the freedom of the remaining hostages.




for bios of all october 7th victims, click here.





jewish federation of north jersey
jewish federation of north america
haddasah
friends of the idf
magen david adom
american friends of meir panim


recent publications:
2024 annual gala journal – thank you to all our members, friends and businesses who supported our 2024 gala and ad journal. please help support the businesses who supported temple emanuel of north jersey by patronizing their establishments and let them know how much we appreciate their support. view our ad journal 2024, click here. 

2024 chanukah bulletin
2024 rabbi prouser’s high holiday sermons
2024 high holiday bulletin
2024 shavuot bulletin
2024 passover bulletin
2024 presidents day bulletin


























