








diystompboxes.com | want to build your own stompboxes?































 





diystompboxes.com
want to build your own stompboxes?


menu
skip to content

homeabout

welcome


donation
forum
guestbook
schematics
store
tube amp stuff

bassman 6g6-b bass channel sweetener
carvin vintage 33 mod
tubes for dummies


we do not like bots or spammers
wiki








			featured post		


wampler diy courses



brian wampler has made new diy courses available!
if you are interested, please purchase through these links as diystompboxes.com will get a portion of the proceeds.
this is a good way to support this site.
diy coursewampler blueprint course
guitar pedals 101


			this entry was posted in uncategorized on may 14, 2024 by aron.								



			featured post		


thank you for visiting diystompboxes.com!



check out the store
and forum!



			this entry was posted in uncategorized on september 18, 2023 by aron.								



			featured post		


yes! premier guitar article is out!



premier guitar article about diystompboxes.com!
check out the article!



			this entry was posted in uncategorized on september 16, 2020 by aron.								



			featured post		


diystompboxes.com t-shirts and more available!



yes! now with online distributors, all sizes are possible! 🙂 
click on t-shirt to order


			this entry was posted in uncategorized on april 27, 2020 by aron.								



			featured post		


perfboard wiring



hand wiring a circuit can be as simple as placing components on the perfboard almost exactly as drawn in the schematic. for example, take the hornet, my fuzz face clone:
here is the schematic:

here is the parts layout as placed on perfboard below (you are looking through the perfboard as seen through the bottom of the board – copper side). component side is the top.
 

notice how similar they look? it is really true that if you connect the components together exactly as shown on a known good schematic and use the correct parts, the circuit will work. you can do this for a great many schematics. simply place them on the perfboard almost exactly as drawn in the schematic. in the above example, the 100k trim connected to the .01uf cap has a lead that connects to the emitter of the 2nd transistor. since it must not touch the emitter of the first transistor, simply run the wire on the top of the perfboard then run it back under to touch the transistor socket’s lead.
note that we are looking at the bottom of the board as if the board was invisible and we could see right through it. as you build more and more projects, you will get used to looking at the board and the schematic and “visualizing” right through it. the leads that stick out of the bottom of the board will be your visual clues for placement. you simply place the components into the perfboard holes, then bend leads on the copper side to make connections. the perfboard copper can be used to solder onto the pads and provides stability.
the red dots are test points for setting up the trim pots. to set up a trim pot, you touch the black probe to a red dot on the trim and the red probe to the other point. then turn the trim until you get close to the values shown on the schematic.
to test the transistor voltages at the collectors, connect the red probe to the red dot on the transistor socket and the black probe to ground.

more rough layouts
take a look at these other rough layouts for perfboard. basically you start from the schematic, rough sketch a layout on paper, then follow that layout on your perfboard. don’t forget that you can stand the resistors on end instead of having them flat on the perfboard. this saves a tremendous amount of space.



shaka iii schematic
shaka iii rough layout


lava rim 2 schematic
 lava rim 2 rough layout


 
 



see how similar the perfboard layout can be to the schematic? practice, and after a while, you will be able to layout and build a prototype perfboard circuit in very short time.
here is an example of components on perfboard. the connections in colors (red, green, blue) are the connections that can be created by using resistor/capacitor/wires, to create the connections. (cut off a piece of resistor lead and use that as a connection).

here is another example of components on one side and underneath – using resistor leads as connections.
you can also stand resistors up so that they take up less space and even connect two components together like a resistor and capacitor so they use only 2 holes.
resistors standing up, capacitors and resistors soldered together to use less holes.


			this entry was posted in articles on april 23, 2007 by aron.								




layout and schematics are back up



www.diyschematics.com


			this entry was posted in uncategorized on january 21, 2023 by aron.								




thanks premier guitar magazine!



check out the latest article!


			this entry was posted in uncategorized on december 16, 2021 by aron.								




diy-tubes.com in the commercial section



diy-tubes.com is a supporter of diystompboxes.com. find their posts in the commercial section of the forum.



			this entry was posted in commercial section on september 17, 2020 by aron.								




guitar effects explained ebook by jack orman



available at amazon! 



			this entry was posted in commercial section on september 17, 2020 by aron.								




mxl770 mic, rk47 capsule mod



the cheap mics have a high boost that some people like. it’s the result of a mismatched preamp and capsule. you can replace your capsule with a u-47 clone capsule. the result is a smooth, clear mic with lots of headroom for about $160. this mic is really good and sounds like a much more expensive mic. 

https://youtu.be/h1xnoptjdsu
diy video for installation


			this entry was posted in uncategorized and tagged diy, mic, u47 on june 8, 2020 by aron.								




tello? hello?



when i got my pixel 3a to try out android again, i needed a low cost phone service. i noticed that one of the voice over people i had recorded was on the promo site and i checked out the prices. wow, super low and you can make your own phone plan. awesome! so i checked it out. you don’t get overcharged for data and you can cancel and renew anytime. the price is super low for having a secondary line. it runs on the sprint network which seems to be fine in hawaii. check it out and if you get it, use my promo code. we both get rewarded! 


			this entry was posted in uncategorized on july 10, 2019 by aron.								


post navigation
← older posts








				proudly powered by wordpress			









