










medical coding & billing tools - cpt®, icd-10, hcpcs codes, & modifiers - codify by aapc
 

















































 



















select



code sets




indexes




code sets and indexes




tools




publications







 

advanced search






 







home > codify
                




medical coding’s best online code search & lookup resource










power up with codify by aapc
 
when it comes to online medical coding software, coding & code lookup tool, we’ve made codify by aapc easier, more customizable, and loaded it with unprecedented features. available in a variety of subscription levels to suit your needs.

explore subscription options






cpt®
hcpcs level ii
icd-10-cm
icd-10-pcs











what's new?








the historical code set feature reverts codify to previous years, displaying only the code set data relevant to the chosen date or quarter. 





custom-arrange the tools and boxes on your main tool page and code detail pages





search bar visibility continuous at the top of the page





easier, top-menu access to publications included in your accounts


















intuitive

                                enjoy instant cpt® code lookup and the ability to find a code in other code sets quickly and easily. it’s all accessible online and engineered by coders for faster, more accurate coding.
                            
easy access to favorite codes

                               codify by aapc saves the codes you use the most as favorites. everything you need is neatly organized for you. if you’re coding offline, just print a list of your codes for use on the go.
                          















historical code sets beta

                                the historical code sets feature for codify allows users to access historical medical coding data. users can select a previous quarter going back six years and the application will display only the code set data for that period. this provides easy access to the data you need — without the need to sift through irrelevant data.
                            















ongoing errata updates

                                codify by aapc helps you stay current with instant updates on official guidelines — ioms, cms, hhs, ama, asa, as well as quarterly updates on all major code sets.
                            
notes that last forever

                              no more copying notes from old code books to new ones. codify by aapc saves your code notes and links them to the code forever — easily searchable and sortable by code set.
                          














minimized denials

                                in addition to keeping all your sources updated, this powerful encoder comes with a ncci edit tool that points out code inconsistencies while you work, minimizing denials and maximizing revenue.

                            
physician insight

                               codify by aapc explains physician terms in easy-to-understand language. when you code a procedure, codify by aapc supplies you with a detailed description, so you understand the physician's work.
                          












"aapc's codify system is like having an all-in-one online coding and resource book right at your fingertips. being able to quickly move through the index with access to coding conventions, guidelines, coding clinics, and more — all located right where i need it — has been a great aid in increasing production. the added bonus of being able to customize resources to my needs has made codify an essential part of my coding processes"







laura brink 

                                rhit, crc – auditor

                            
















universal code search
search all code sets from a single box using keywords, abbreviations, and codes. narrow and sort results fast!





                                    your browser does not support html5 video.
                                





revenue cycle insider
 get ongoing insights for healthcare business professionals from industry experts. you’ll have access to an ongoing flow of top-notch, must-read content with new articles regularly being added on topics such as specialty-specific coding, compliance, practice management, regulatory changes, healthcare technology, and more.




                                    your browser does not support html5 video.

                            




ncci edits checker
enter up to 100 codes to get ncci results. medicare and medicaid tools include modifier indicators for cleaner claims!




                                    your browser does not support html5 video.
                            




medicare physician fee schedule (mpfs)
find national and local mpfs rvus and fees — as well as modifier indicators, global info, and mues.




                                    your browser does not support html5 video.

                            




claim scrubber
reduce denial rates by checking for errors before you submit your claim!




                                    your browser does not support html5 video.

                            









 






codify your team!
reduce denials and maximize revenue with our most powerful encoder.
request a quote



 




start your free trial of codify by aapc today!


pay monthly
pay annually



save up to 28% by paying annually







coder search

$99/yr  
$10/mo


(non-members  $129.00)
(annual plan billed monthly)
(non-members  $15.00)

ideal for students


cpt®, hcpcs, icd-10-cm code lookup
personal notes
code constructor
lay terms
codify ↔ ebook integrationnew
e/m calculator 


start today


learn more about coder search
                                    





basic coder 

$274/yr 
$29/mo


(non-members  $349.00)
(annual plan billed monthly)
(non-members  $39.00)

for entry level/basic coding


includes coder search
ncci edits
ncd & lcd lookups
crosswalks




start today


learn more about basic coder
                                    




most popular

pro fee coder

$469/yr 
$40/mo



(non-members $599.00 )
(annual plan billed monthly)
(non-members $52.00 )

for physician & non-physician coders

 
includes basic coder
historical code sets beta
cms 1500 real-time scrubber
revenue cycle insider access
specialty survival guide
9 optional add-ons
20 ceus/year



start today


learn more about pro fee coder 





complete coder 

$569/yr 
$50/mo



(non-members $649.00)
                                        
(annual plan billed monthly)
(non-members $60.00)
                                        

for inpatient coders & auditors


includes pro fee coder
opps cci edits checker
drg lookup
asc lookup
icd-10-pcs code lookup
11 optional add-ons
20 ceus/year


start today


learn more about complete coder
                                    











codify by aapc product comparison






coder search


basic coder


pro fee coder


complete coder







essentials










codify ↔ ebook integrationnew









codify to ebook integration feature enables subscribers to effortlessly access and navigate their ebook content by clicking the ebook icon, while also allowing them to conveniently access specific code snippets in codify by selecting them in the ebook.








clean intuitive page design with drag/drop widgets for dashboard and code details customization








universal search for code sets, indexes, tools, publications








intuitive auto-suggest search








official descriptors with guidelines, lay terms, illustrations, betos, and date-related information










essential reference tools









every coder has the essential tools needed to perform their coding as efficiently as possible. codify provides those tools to you — including icd-10-cm cross references, e/m calculator, ama cpt® section guidelines, global surgery days calculator, and personal notes option so you keep track of knowledge learned from payers or other sources.








store commonly used and favorite codes








current and upcoming code changes








common crosswalks — icd-9 to icd-10 and cpt®/ hcpcs to betos








superbill converter










government publication notifications









codify’s publication library contains multiple publications from cms, federal register, medicaid, oig hss, private payers, and state fraud control websites.








annual/historic specialty cpt®/hcpcs/icd-10 code changes








in app just-in-time tutorials and faqs








newsletter library (20 ceus)










tools & fee schedules











e/m calculator new









the e/m calculator guides you to the right code based on your date of service. you’ll find 1995 and 1997 documentation guidelines, as well as 2021, 2023, and the latest updates in one tool.









mpfs for facility and nonfacility








modifier guidelines asc and p (ambulatory surgery center and physician)









ncci edits checker with change version and medicaid ncci edits checker










part b physician fees & more









the part b physician fees & more widget allows you to look up the fee schedule for a code based on the year and quarter. the results — from one simple search — provide you not only with the fee schedule but also with the rvu data, global surgery days, modifier guidelines, and mues.










multiple available crosswalks









codify contains 18 different crosswalks to assist you in mapping one code set to another or from code to modifiers, revenue codes, lcd/ncd’s and more.








revenue code lookup and pqrs (mips)










advanced tools & options








cms 1500 real-time scrubber










historical code sets beta









the historical codeset feature allows you to access historical medical coding data for a specific period by reverting codify to previous quarters, displaying only the code set data relevant to the chosen date or quarter.








opps ncci edits checker








specialty survival guide








access to the coder chat forum* (membership required)








unlimited claim entry into claim scrubber








drg to ipps/ltch crosswalk










opps & acs fee schedules













codify by aapc add-ons










see all codify add-ons








anesthesia expert tools



add-on
add-on



hcc calculator



add-on
add-on



icd-10 coding clinic



add-on
add-on



hcpcs coding clinic



add-on
add-on



cpt® assistant



add-on
add-on



mips manager



add-on
add-on



dorland's illustrated medical dictionary



add-on
add-on



current dental terminology® (cdt®) code set



add-on
add-on




intuitive coder for orthopedics



add-on
add-on




icd-10-cm ms-drg grouper




add-on



ub-04 real-time claim scrubber new




add-on






start today
start today
start today
start today







 










recent updates


cpt® assistant (january 2025): get ama’s view of medicare’s 2025 payments
regulatory information center updates: feb 4, 2025
now on codify by aapc: 2025 q1 mpfs update to rvus and gpci
regulatory information center updates: jan 14, 2025
regulatory information center updates: jan 9, 2025


view all updates












frequently asked questions
have a different question? submit inquiries through our contact us page.






what is codify by aapc? 



codify is our newest revenue cycle platform to allow subscribers the fastest tool for code look-up among multiple additional tools and services.







how often is the online data updated?  



codify’s data is updated regularly to ensure the information provided to you is as accurate as possible. cpt® and icd-10 codes are updated annually, and hcpcs level ii codes and ncci edits are updated quarterly.








what web browser does codify by aapc work best on?  



google chrome and mozilla firefox works best. internet explorer and edge can cause some unexpected results.  







how many administrators can there be?  



the number of administrators for codify is unlimited, just like it was with aapc coder. 







how do i login to codify by aapc?  



to log in to codify, go to aapc.com and log in to your account, click on my aapc or resources from the top banner. select codify from the options available. 







what happens if you access codify by aapc from someone else's account?  



codify licenses are assigned individually, which means only one individual can access codify with login credentials. if someone tries to access codify with your account information, you will forfeit access to the program will be kicked out of the program. 







can i use codify by aapc on mobile devices? 



codify is a web-based program, so you can use it on any device with internet access. 







how can you obtain ceu's that codify by aapc offers? 



codify offers the ability to earn up to 20 ceus annually by logging in and reading through the survival guides and completing quizzes under the ceu tab. 







what customizations does codify by aapc have? 



codify offers multiple add-on features based on the product you purchased. please see the add-on page for more details. 







 do you have the ability to look at past year's coding data? 



yes, you can look back at past fee schedules, code changes, and any historical information that has changed per code.
codify has past fee schedules, code changes (including new, revised, and deleted code lists), lcd/ncd data, articles, coding clinics, regulatory publications, e/m guidelines, and ncci or ncci edits. the symbols data is not included in this information.







what type of support is offered for businesses? 



aapc provides training and assistance for businesses to ensure all users can use the platform to its fullest capacity. our training also walks administrators through the admin functions of codify.







how do we receive login information? 



once your account is activated you will receive a welcome email with your login credentials and instructions on how to access codify. 







why was aapc coder/supercoder changed? 



aapc coder and supercoder were updated to provide the best platform available to our subscribers. this update provides more functionality for medical billing and coding staff. 







i'm a current subscriber. will my favorites and personal notes be transferred to codify by aapc for me? 



yes, once you log into codify your favorites and notes will automatically merge into codify. if you choose to toggle between the two platforms prior to closure of the original platform, your notes and favorites will auto-update again to ensure all your data is current and up to date. 







what is the codify by aapc refund policy? 



codify is not refundable, you may terminate your subscription or free trial by contacting aapc via phone, live chat, or email. to ensure that your credit card does not get charged, please make your cancelation request is at least two business days prior to the end date of your subscription or free trial term. 













cpt® is a registered trademark of the american medical association














aapc codify 
aapc home 
about us 
codify sitemap
newsletter sitemap
terms & conditions
contact us


© copyright 2025, aapc cpt® copyright 2024 american medical association. all rights reserved.copyright © 2025. american hospital association ("aha")





















