





welcome to katydids quilting studio










































katydids quilting studio
apqs georgia




home
services »

quilting services
apqs sales
intelliquilter
apqs service


gallery »

edge to edge
custom


catalog
classes & events


























  
welcome


			katydids quilting studio is a full-service longarm quilting shop.  
			we are the georgia apqs store, and an authorized service center for 
			apqs quilting machines.  we are also the regional 
			intelliquilter dealer.  we offer professional longarm quilting 
			services in our studio, as well as longarm quilting supplies. 









quilting services

our studio is a separate, smoke-free, pet-free, 14002 
			ft area. your quilts are handled with the utmost care while in 
			our possession.
read more


apqs

handcrafted with the quilter in mind, apqs longarm 
			quilting machines are simple to use, easy to maintain and backed by 
			an industry leading lifetime warranty on parts and labor.
read more


intelliquilter

intelliquilter is the new standard in computerized 
			quilting.  after-market add-on to your existing machine. fits 
			most makes and models!
read more




about us
hi. 
			i'm patty butcher, the owner of katydids quilting studio. i started 
			quilting in 2000. i purchased my first longarm quilting machine in 
			2005 after working in a local quilt shop and trying out their 
			machine. i was hooked. after some classes and a lot of practice, i 
			started longarm quilting for others. i got my second machine in 2008 
			when i became an apqs dealer. i became an iq dealer in 2010. 


announcements





exhibiting at atlanta original sewing & quilt expo
march 6th, 7th, & 8th, at the gas south convention center in duluth, ga. stop by our booth to try out the apqs longarm quilting machines and the iq intelliquilter computerized quilting system!


learn more...

						updated: 01.16.25






new apqs road show in toccoa, ga
march 22nd is the date. katydids quilting studio in toccoa, ga is the place. if you want to learn about apqs longarm quilting machines, or you just need to decide which model will work best for you, you need to come to this road show.  patty will explain all the reasons why apqs is the industry leader in quality of manufacture, ease of use, customer satisfaction, warranty coverage, and more! get you questions answered and feel confident about your decision.  when you know the facts, you'll purchase an apqs longarm quilting machine.


learn more...

						updated: 01.16.25






new in-person, 3-day intermediate iq workshop in april
patty's 3-day, intermediate level iq workshop in toccoa, ga at katydids studio. classroom and hands-on training in the peaceful, dedicated studio in the woodlands of northeast georgia. no traffic, no interruptions.  just a chance to learn about the iq and enjoy nature. 


learn more...

						updated: 01.14.25






we love lucey sale!
just like lucy and ethel racing against that conveyor belt, these deals will fly by quickly - so be sure to catch them before they're gone!


learn more

						updated: 01.08.25






the wait is over!  it's finally here!  the iq intermediate on-line workship!!!
and it's on sale today!  patty's 3-day live iq intermediate workshop is now available in an on-line format.  download the 5 modules and work on them 
						at your own speed without interruptions or distractions 
						of a zoom or live class.


learn more...

						updated: 07.12.24






apqs certified technician
patty butcher is a factory trained and certified technician for apqs longarm quilting machines.  patty can service, and repair your apqs longarm quilting machine in our studio, and in some cases, on-site.


learn more...

						updated: 05.05.23






visit apqs blog site
the information you need!  watch 
						video tutorials, download quilt patterns, learn about 
						machines, and tips on owner servicing of your longarm 
						quilting machine.


learn more...

						updated: 08.20.23






support

set-up and installation.
on-site service calls.
factory trained technician.
beginner's longarm quilting machine classes.
advanced longarm quilting machine classes.
intelliquilter classes.



events calendar



view events »


reviews
my apqs dealer is moving out of state, ackkkk! specifically north georgia, south carolina, north carolina and tennessee will have a gem in their midst and the folks there need to know it. patty of katydids quilting has been my longarm dealer since the beginning. i went to her florida studio when i was pretty sure that i was ready for a sit down longarm. i took the new owners class with her for george. classes in the studio are small, well organized, clear, concise and not overwhelming.  my health improved, love of quilting increased and a 40th wedding anniversary brought a 2019 millie into my studio.  patty is factory trained in servicing my machines- but honestly- they are apqs and have not needed any servicing. the quality of these machines was a top reason to buy them in the first place. if i had a problem my dealer (and apqs) always get back to me quickly to answer any question i might have. katydids stocks small parts that i like to have on hand such as extra bobbin cases ( they can warp if dropped on my concrete floor), screws, pigtails, bobbins, etc. they have a good selection of batting and helpful longarm accessories. and the thread, never can leave without either trying something new like microquilter or premo or adding to my so fine and glide stash.  besides being an apqs dealer, they are also an authorized inteliquilter dealer.  my generous husband insisted that millie and i get treated with this wonderful computer driven equipment. patty graciously allowed me to schedule a private lesson in her studio on her iq while i waited for my unit to arrive. her flexibility and patient teaching style has met my needs in learning this incredible quilting software. she has video tutorials recorded to help her customers learn and review various skills for iq.  michelle rodriguez    coastal quilt studio     inglis, florida
i just received my quilt today and it's beautiful! you chose the perfect pattern and thread for a contempory look - and i love it. (my niece will too!)
thank you for the service on my lucey. i really love quilting and somehow i'm going to push to finish those last quilts, thanks to you, before the art show next week. much appreciated.









menu:

home
services
edge-to-edge quilt gallery
custom quilt gallery
catalog
classes & events
back to top ▲



contact:
927 long rd, toccoa, georgia 30577
patty@katydids.net
1-850-502-0272
tue - fri: 10am to 4pm
sat: by appointment only
please call ahead to make sure we are not out on a set-up or service call.


about our studio:
glide thread, bobbins, wide back fabrics, and batting available in studio.
sign up for our newsletter.








katydids quilting studio
©
			
			all rights reserved

















