













travel to barbados – an island with endless possibilities












































 















skip to main content










search







submit



today78 f25 c
mon78 f26 c
tue79 f26 c
wed78 f26 c
thu78 f26 c more weather info.
add to favourites
register / loginmy favourites



















menuthe island

about barbados

7 wonders climate / weather culture currency fun facts history parishes people 
 travel tips

documents needed dress driving duty free allowances immigration safety tips barbados weddings 
 getting here

airport services destination services cruising flying travel agents 
 guides & services

tour guides health & wellness media guides barbados by drone barbados by map mobile apps 

stay

where to stay

hotels & resorts guest houses self catering apts & hotels adults only all inclusives airport accommodation camping staycations 
 private rentals

luxury villas vacation rentals timeshare long term rentals 
 deals & packages

specials & deals themed accommodation match your mood & style 

see & do

where to visit

attractions beaches great things to do historic sites natural attractions rum tours scenic spots swim with turtles take a tour 
 what to do

nightlife festivals crop over calendar childrens activities dining out rent a car getting married in barbados 
 play & relax

land sports water sports catamaran cruises diving fishing golf hiking horse racing spa day 
 island guides

barbados by map barbados by drone shopping guide wedding guide books & magazines brochures island news 

events

festivals

we gatherin' 2025 crop over festival celtic festival food & rum festival gospelfest holetown festival oistins fish festival open gardens open houses reggae festival season of emancipation 
 types of events

art & culture food & drink on the water extreme nature & wildlife 
 top picks

dinner show rum tasting submarine tour bike tours walking tours turtle snorkel kayaking 

living

moving here

relocating to barbados education & schools pets immigration regulations long term residence permanent residence students 
 where to live

homes for rent land for sale real estate agents property management real estate guide buying guide property valuations 
 doing business

business environment business services conference facilities international business int'l business managers investment opportunities tax treaties 

travel tips

go for the...

adventure beaches family festivals food history & culture nature nightlife respite romance shopping sights sports 
 essentials

documents you need book a flight find a place to stay on arrival at airport what to do don't miss! on departure your next trip! 
 insider tips

best areas to stay beach guide beyond the beach cook like a local local chatbot guides health & wellness fast track arrivals meet our artisans world heritage site 

deals

stay

hotels & resorts self catering apts & hotels guest houses villas & vacation rentals long term rentals real estate 
 play

activities & attractions car rentals dining & entertainment shopping tours & sightseeing weddings & romance 
 flights

airfare watchdog google flights 

close













 





discover our 



beaches 


 

scroll for more 

go! 







enjoy the 


festivities 


 

scroll for more 

go! 







explore the top 

attractions 


 

scroll for more 

go! 







experience the 


fine cuisine 


 

scroll for more 

go! 



 









discover



travel info



places to stay



things to do



explore by map



dealschoose your barbados experienceexperience barbados






beaches






festivals






food & drink






history & culture






nature






family






romance






nightlife


see more experiences…







 





 

 

 

 

explore full map 

barbados map 


 


 


 


 

oistins
 

harrison cave
 

bridgetown
 

mount gay rum
 

explore full map 


 


top things to do




 





 

 

harrison's cave 

a unique phenomenon of nature, harrison's cave is an amazing gallery of stalactites hanging from the roof of the cave, and stalagmites that emerge from the ground, with streams of crystal-clear running water that drop from breathtaking waterfalls to form deep emerald... 

see more 







 

 

st nicholas abbey 

st. nicholas abbey is not without its tale of tragedy! the house appears to have been built by colonel benjamin berringer. his neighbour, friend and business partner was john yeamans. when yeamans began to pay attention to mrs. berringer, a feud erupted ... 

see more 







 

 

cherry tree hill 

it is believed that the name "cherry tree hill" originated from the large number of cherry trees which once existed at this location.

today the road is lined with mahogany trees, which were introduced into barbados after the treaty of paris. as you descend the hill the mahogany trees give way to swaying sugar cane.... 

see more 







 

 

oistins 

oistins is one of the hottest attractions in barbados!
each friday and saturday night hundreds of locals and visitors flock to oistins for the fish-fry, an opportunity to enjoy the very best local food - fried and grilled fish, fish cakes, sweet potato, macaroni pie and so much more.... 

see more 







 

 

animal flower
cave 

the animal flower cave is located at the most northerly point of barbados in the parish of st.lucy.
the name "animal flower cave" comes from the sea anemones found in the pools of the cave. some of these pools are deep enough for you to swim in.... 

see more 







 

 

mount gay experience 

the home of the world's oldest rum brand. experience this historic brew at the mount gay rum distilleries. this rum is crafted from locally grown sugar cane still abundantly found throughout the island though ... 

see more 



 






see more amazing activities…


popular searcheswhat are the must-do activities and places to see?go barbados on a budgetisland weddings & romancewhat are the 7 wonders of barbados?what's the best time to visit barbados?is it safe to travel to barbados?i want to live in barbados. where do i start...?top places to dine and foods / drinks to trywhere are the best places to stay?where are the best beaches?what are the must-do activities and places to see?





great things to dotake a tourtop attractionshistoric sites


there’s so much to see and to do in barbados! from swimming with friendly sea-turtles to exploring the breath-taking beauty of underground caves and other natural attractions or scenic spots, to lounging on some of the caribbean’s best beaches, there is something for everyone. experience the exciting nightlife, go diving in the turquoise waters, take a rum tour or even a fishing trip!


go barbados on a budget





vacation specialstravel deals


a barbados holiday need not be an expensive one! there are several ways to have a wonderful vacation and stay within your budget. discover great deals on accommodation, car rentals, tours and activities, book your stay direct and save, find free entertainment events like oistins fish fry, consider an all-inclusive vacation, self-catering accommodation or affordable vacation rentals and be sure to check out more amazing tips to save!


island weddings & romance





romanceget marriedhoneymoonromantic locations


barbados is the perfect location if you are looking for a romantic escape! get married on the water, in a church, or tropical gardens. there are several options when it comes to finding that special wedding location and some great wedding planners to help you make it magical. how about a getaway with the one you love for an island romance? be sure to check out these great deals on island weddings and romance!


what are the 7 wonders of barbados?





morgan lewis mill from ricky chase on vimeo.


7 wonders18th century sugar milljewish synagogue


discover the seven wonders of barbados and the fascinating history of this small caribbean island. see exactly what makes barbados special and so unique! explore a simply awesome cave, find out the origins of the grapefruit tree, uncover a rare cannon collection, visit a historic jewish synagogue, discover two jacobean mansions and an eighteenth century sugar-grinding mill.


what's the best time to visit barbados?





weatherwhat's onpeak seasonlow season


honestly there’s really not a bad time to go barbados! with a lovely climate that typically brings year round sunshine, it’s factors like prices, activity and general conditions that will influence your preferred travel time. these tend to change depending on the time of year, e.g. in the midst of the low season (mid-april to mid-december), it tends to be less busy and rates are cheaper but there may be a higher risk of rain.


is it safe to travel to barbados?





safety tipsbeach safetyprohibited itemshealth care


barbados is considered to be a safe place to travel. the people are generally friendly and always willing to lend a helping hand. however, as with any foreign destination, travelers should take reasonable precautions to ensure they remain safe and protected. avoid unlit or lonely areas at night, don’t leave your valuables on the beach or rental car; lock doors when leaving your car or room. check with your hotel first if unfamiliar with a beach as there may be currents and choose beaches with lifeguards on duty if not a strong swimmer.


i want to live in barbados. where do i start...?





living hererelocatingreal estatebusiness opportunities


looking to relocate or for a business opportunity? barbados is a great place to purchase your dream vacation home or retirement house and to do business! you can buy luxury homes & villas, condos, townhouses, residential houses, commercial property or land. let a local real estate agent help guide you through the process. these professionals offer a variety of services including barbados property sales, luxury villa rentals, vacation rentals, and property management.



top places to dine and foods / drinks to try





culinary guiderestaurant guidefeatured restaurantsrecipes


if you’re missing barbados and the delightful drinks and foods you sampled here, we’re more than happy to help! let us show you how to prepare some barbados recipes like macaroni pie and fishcakes in your own kitchen! you can also check out our detailed barbados culinary guide, restaurant directory, featured places to eat and favorite things for foodies to do when you visit next.


where are the best places to stay?





hotels & resortsapartmentsguesthousesluxury villasvacation rentalsall inclusivesbook nowsearch


there are so many accommodation options you are guaranteed to find the perfect place that checks off most if not all of your holiday preferences! depending on the type of experience you are looking for, we can direct you to some of the best areas to stay. whether you prefer a timeshare, boutique hotel, adults-only resort, accommodation on the beach or close to the airport, you are sure to find it here!


where are the best beaches?








barbados beaches







watch this video on youtube





beachesbeach guidephoto gallerybeach mapwest coastsouth coasteast coastnorth coast


barbados has over 70 square miles of beautiful beaches just waiting to welcome you! where can you find the best beaches? it all depends on what you are looking for… surfers will love the wild waves of the east coast beaches, persons looking to just relax will enjoy the tranquil waters of the west coast. this handy beach guide will help you to find the best beaches for snorkeling, for kids, for seniors, for sunset views and more!


about barbadoskey facts


location of barbados
the most easterly island in the caribbean chain





weather in barbados
the maximum daily temperature is 75-90 °f year round





capital of barbados
the city of bridgetown





national dish
cou cou and flying fish





currency
barbadian dollar ($) (bbd)





size of barbados
166 sq miles





national tree
the pride of barbados





highest point
mount hillaby – elevation: 1,115′





population
> 277,821





language
english / bajan dialect





barbados is a coral island, pushed out of sea by volcanic activity in a far away time. on the west coast, beaches of fine white sand stretch along a blue-green sea. coral reefs fringe coast providing excellent snorkeling and scuba diving. along the east coast a lively surf is blown briskly by the strong and constant trade winds and the waves pound against a rocky shore. the constant breeze of the trade winds gives the island a mild and pleasant tropical climate.
when you visit, you will see it is mostly a flat coral island with excellent beaches, but there are also rolling hills and many deep ridges and gullies, with an interesting distribution of flora and fauna. within the coral core there is a vast array of caves and underground lakes which provide an excellent supply of drinking water that is amongst the purest in the world. geologically barbados is unique, being actually two land masses that merged together over the years. this and other anomalies make this caribbean island quite phenomenal, and there are geological structures that you will find only here.



 more about barbados
local news


be in the loop for everything barbados!


 
 





read more local news …











island info.




about barbados
7 wonders
history & culture
world heritage site
getting here
visa requirements
island people
island living
what's on



island guides




accommodation guide
barbados by map
barbados by drone
beach guide
business guide
restaurant guide
tour guide
villa guide
wedding guide



island tips




special offers
great things to do
hot sites to see
all things to do
where to visit
private rentals
car rentals
safety tips
island news



connect




join us on facebook
follow us on twitter
visit us on youtube
contact us via email



facebooktwitterinstagrampinterestyoutubego!


© axses systems caribbean inc. , 2025 | copyright & terms | privacy policy
p.o.box 16b, brittons hill, st. michael, barbados, bb11090











 











back to top 





