


kitchen cabinets - stock, custom, and carpenter-built cabinets















 
kitchen cabinets

 



 
 


      kitchen cabinets >
      about us















 



kitchen cabinet refacing •
      kitchen cabinet updates



cabinet styles •
      cabinet design •
      cabinet storage






     cabinets are the defining characteristic of a kitchen.  they will
     likely be the most visible part of the room, and they represent the
     largest single investment in a new kitchen.  so choose your
     cabinet style
     and construction features carefully, and
     plan your kitchen layout to make good use of your available space.
     
     there are four basic types of kitchen cabinets:  stock, semi-custom,
     and custom, as well as job-site built.
     
stock manufactured cabinets are mass produced, and are shipped
      either pre-assembled or ready-to-assemble.  they are frequently
      available off-the-shelf at major home centers; they usually come in a
      limited range of standard styles and sizes, with a few finishing and
      accessory options.  stock kitchen cabinets are made in 3-inch width
      increments; their manufacturers generally offer matching spacers, or
      filler boards that are used to fill in gaps at the end of cabinet
      runs.  standard base cabinets are 34-1/2 inches high, whereas base
      cabinets designed for desks or eating surfaces are 28-1/2 inches
      high.  wall cabinets typically come in 30 inch, 36 inch, and 42
      inch heights.
semi-custom cabinets offer better quality and a greater selection of
      features, styles, and finishes, but they cost more than stock cabinets
      and delivery lead times are longer.  semi-custom cabinets are also
      offered in 3-inch width increments, using filler strips as spacers. 
      however, these cabinets are made to the homeowner's specifications, and
      they may include various interior organizers and other enhancements.

      custom manufactured cabinets are
      built to your specifications.  here, you may select from a wide
      range of hardwoods, laminates, and veneers.  at the high end,
      finishes are multi-step and hand-rubbed, with a baked-on conversion
      varnish finish.  heights, widths, and depths are all readily
      customizable to meet your exact specifications; design options are
      virtually unlimited.  sliding shelves, pull-out pantries, lazy
      susans, and appliance garages are just a few of the many storage features
      available.  you can also expect to work with trained kitchen
      designers who will help you through the selection process.
traditionally, some kitchen cabinets were built at the job site by a
      carpenter or cabinetmaker.  the woods typically used were medium
      hardwoods, such as birch or ash, rather than furniture grade woods such
      as oak, maple, or cherry.  the style was usually selected by the
      homebuilder or general contractor.  the final result depended on
      how well the cabinets were finished by the painter.  job site-built
      cabinets are still available today, but most kitchen cabinets are made
      in cabinet shops where specialized tools and clean finishing rooms are
      available.  kitchen cabinets should be of comparable quality to your
      furniture, so before choosing this alternative, consider whether the
      carpenter and painter are skilled cabinetmakers or furniture
      finishers.


     kitchen cabinets are made with either face-frame or frameless construction
     methods.
     
face-frame cabinets have a frame that runs across the cabinet box
      face.  the frame may show when the doors are closed.  most
      traditional style cabinets have a face frame.  doors may have
      recessed or raised panels, be trimmed, or have a framed glass panel.
frameless cabinets, or european style cabinets, are made without a
      face frame.  doors cover the entire front of the cabinet box. 
      the doors are typically constructed without molding or trim, and the
      hinges are usually hidden.  they present a contemporary look.


     whichever cabinet type you select, choose fully-adjustable hinges so that
     the doors can be adjusted side to side, up and down, and in and out. 
     opt for full-extension drawer slides, which allow access to the full depth
     of the drawer.  some cabinets feature drawer-closing mechanisms that
     gently pull the drawers closed.
     
kitchen cabinet manufacturers

kraftmaid
manufacturer of built-to-order kitchen cabinets and furniture.www.kraftmaid.com

plain & fancy
offers fine custom cabinetry for kitchens, dens, and dining rooms.www.plainfancycabinetry.com

aristokraft
superb value, great style, and the right solutions for your kitchen and bath budget.www.aristokraft.com

schrock cabinetry
smart, stylish cabinetry solutions to maximize your kitchen capabilities.www.schrock.com

wood-mode
offers an impressive range of fine custom cabinetry for kitchens and baths.www.wood-mode.com

american woodmark
manufacturer and distributor of popularly-priced kitchen cabinets and vanities.www.americanwoodmark.com

thomasville cabinetry
cabinetry collections designed to complement your home's personality and your lifestyle.www.thomasvillecabinetry.com

wellborn cabinet
quality kitchen cabinetry and bath cabinetry with time-honored craftsmanship.www.wellborn.com

smallbone kitchens
original and stylish furniture for kitchens and other rooms throughout the home.www.smallbone.co.uk

yorktowne cabinetry
fully integrated manufacturer of fine semi-custom cabinetry.www.yorktownecabinetry.com

decora cabinets
an array of cabinetry styles, finishes, options, and functional features.www.decoracabinets.com

cabinetry by diamond
cabinets with organization and style – for any room of your home.www.diamondcabinets.com

siematic
kitchen cabinets with simple form, elegant design, and custom options.www.siematic.com


related kitchen and cabinetry sites

cabinet hardware - door knobs and hinges; drawer pulls and slides.
kitchen countertops - countertop design and materials.
kitchen furniture - kitchen tables and chairs, islands and carts.




      copyright 2003-2025 zeducorp.
      all rights reserved.
about us. 
      contact us. 
      search.
      for your convenience, certain links will open in new windows.

kitchen cabinets - kitchen cabinet guide




recent kitchen cabinet news

are upper kitchen cabinets going extinct? here's what designers think
       plus, how to maximize your storage setup without them.
       good housekeeping.  tuesday, 11 feb 2025 18:14:00 +0000.
       

best counter-depth refrigerators of 2024
       these models cost a lot less than built-ins and sit almost flush with kitchen cabinetscounter-depth refrigerators don't extend as far past your kitchen countertops as standard-depth models.by ...
       daniel wroclawski.  consumer reports.  monday, 1 jan 2024 00:10:40 +0000.
       













