







royal rife home page index











jesus died for our sins on a cross of wood; yet
he made the hill on which it
stood!










articles and
papers
books, summaries and
reviews
exciting
products
fun
stuff
hall of
shame
healing with
electronics
members
area  email me for a password.
sayings of
interest
toxins
truth - yes, there is
such a thing!
contact
us
links



welcome to the home page of richard loyd,
ph.d. my goal is to give you some of the best information
currently available in the fields of spiritual, mental, and
physical health improvement. unless an article or item is someone
else's material, it is © 1998-2021 by richard loyd. you
may make and distribute copies of my material for non-commercial
purposes. if you do, do not alter the material, and include the
source with each copy.
this site comes to you from america where
politicians own drug companies and drug companies own
politicians. and here in america we insist that the government
supply us with symptom-blocking toxins. we call it "health
care."
join our private membership
association. we are now a private membership
association and it is necessary to join before buying products or
having testing done. it is inexpensive and easy to join and your
membership fee will be given back to you as an extra discount on
your first order!
learn to detect truth
join the rife-list group
join
my personal drloyd group these groups are free and
easy to join!

fair use notice. this site may at times
contain copyrighted material the use of which has not always been
specifically authorized by the copyright owner. we are making
such material available in our efforts to advance understanding
of health, political, human rights, economic, democracy,
scientific, and social justice issues, etc. we believe this
constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material
as provided for in section 107 of the us copyright
law.
in accordance with title 17 u.s.c. section
107, the material on this site is distributed without profit to
those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the
included information for research and educational purposes. for
more information go to:
http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml.
united states code: title 17, section 107
http://www4.law.cornell.edu/uscode/unframed/17/107.html
notwithstanding the provisions of sections 106 and 106a, the fair
use of a copyrighted work, including such use by reproduction in
copies or phono records or by any other means specified by that
section, for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting,
teaching (including multiple copies for classroom use),
scholarship, or research, is not an infringement of copyright. in
determining whether the use made of a work in any particular case
is a fair use the factors to be considered shall include - (1)
the purpose and character of the use, including whether such use
is of a commercial nature or is for nonprofit educational
purposes; (2) the nature of the copyrighted work; (3) the amount
and substantiality of the portion used in relation to the
copyrighted work as a whole; and (4) the effect of the use upon
the potential market for or value of the copyrighted work. the
fact that a work is unpublished shall not itself bar a finding of
fair use if such finding is made upon consideration of all the
above factors.


