long island restaurants: find restaurant information and reviews in long island by diningguide
homeaboutcontactlong island restaurantsmobile versionwebsite directory list your restaurant (free) add url bookmark this page metroguide.network > diningguide > long island home pagelong island restaurantsrestaurant posts“experience elevated pub fare, craft beer and cocktails!”“visit tap room jericho, situated at 1 jericho turnpike, for a fantastic dining experience…”posted by: tap room“burger byte”“burger byte is one of the best burger restaurants in deer park ny.from healthy portioned …”posted by: burger byte“beenz indian grill & bar happauge, ny”“beenz indian grill & bar offers authentic mughlai indian and chinese cuisine. stop by or …”posted by: beenz indian grill and barrestaurants may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“terrible service”non-member, reader - “went to a party, the bartender looked under 21. most of the…”said about: mirelle's restaurant“dosa place”non-member, reader - “we always go to the the dosa we go so often every body know…”said about: the dosa place“dirty”private member, franklin square - “i looked in the kitchen it was filty. the food…”said about: il cantone cafe pizzeria & ristorantewe welcome readers to share opinions.by location » by type » restaurant events »(try keyword "dinner reservations" or a zip code)
welcome to metroguide.network's long island diningguide, a directory of restaurants and related restaurant information for metropolitan long island, new york.  use metroguide's diningguide service to find long island restaurants by location or cuisine.

as the largest island on the nation's east coast, new york's long island -- a 1,682 square-mile patch of land stretching 120 miles east from new york city -- harbors renowned summer resorts in the north fork and hampton bays in the south fork, comprised of the hamptons cities of southampton, bridgehampton, east hampton, montauk and neighboring communities. a multitude of restaurants ranges from clam shacks and funky juice bars, or pizza places to upscale outposts for seafood and other cuisines. on the east end, home to commercial fishing, the big draw is fresh lobster, mussels, clams and other gems from the sea. fine italian fare, steakhouses and places for sunset noshes are plentiful. a word of caution: long island fare can be pricier than in the city, no matter how informal, so don't count on dining out on the 
cheap.

diningguide long island is part of metroguide long island, offering guides to shopping, hotels, entertainment and more for the entire region.

diningguide has additional new york restaurant information at diningguide new york.

long island dining by location

to perform a quick search for restaurants in the metropolitan long island 
area, please select one of the locations below 
(restaurant listings will be grouped by cuisine / category):

·plainview
restaurants located in nassau county, in the western half of long island near the cities of plainview, garden city, great neck and others

·islip
restaurants located in the central area of long island

·hampton bays
dining options located in suffolk county in the eastern half of long island, including the hamptons comprised of east hampton, bridgehampton, southampton and neighboring communities, montauk and others

·new york metro
dining options west of long island, in metropolitan new york city

long island dining by cuisine

or, select a cuisine / category from the list presented below (restaurant listings will be grouped by location).
americanasiancontinentalfrenchitalianjapanesemediterraneanmexicanpizzeriaseafoodspanishsteak
to return to the diningguide long island home page during your search, follow the navigation links provided at the top of the pages.
« top of pageevents at long island restaurantsthe kitchen is open at the signal saloon stop by cousin craig's signal 8 saloon for some cocktails and chow. the kitchen is open on thursday … dining - dining specials cousin craig's signal 8 saloonevery sun every thu more...comedy night free comedy show on monday's, where up and coming comics as well as established comics come to try o… nightlife - comedy shakers pub 631-645-5152« top of pageadjacent links:diningguide new yorkrelated links:diningguide albanydiningguide buffalodiningguide elmiradiningguide rochesterdiningguide syracuseother links:vertical farm daynational ubi daydiningguide hartforddiningguide newarkmetroguide.network > diningguide > long island home page« top of page | sitemap© 1996-2025metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsdiningguide, diningguide.network, diningguide.community and diningguide long island are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.to submit your restaurant, please use the: diningg.u.i.-de.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidehotelguidedirectorymore locations...full map



long island restaurants:our readers'3 smile favoritespacific east restaurantmaxwell and dunne'sthe maine maid innmontana's pizzeria & restaurantmonterey nyvenue 56boulder creek steak house & salooncalifornia pizza kitchensilver's famous restaurantpapa-razzi trattoria baremilio's restaurant & pizzabethpage townhouse dinerfrancesco'sfulton & prime fish & steak housemadison


