








tips and tricks for an unforgettable d-day!













































hairstyle and makeup
planning a wedding
wedding decoration
blog




 




your dream wedding
make this unique day an unforgettable event!




d-day with no stress!





getting ready
a good preparation for a marriage takes around 12 months, and at worst, within 6 months before d-day.




follow your plan
when preparing a wedding, an action plan must be established in advance so as not to be taken aback by events.




speak and listen
preparing your marriage can be stressful. in order not to break the harmony of your couple, you must speak and listen to each other.




taking time for yourself
even if all your energy is absorbed by the preparation, do not forget to take care of yourself.



get inspiration from the weddings of others!











her dream dress
the selection of the wedding dress is the paramount choice to make for the bride. do not be mistaken and choose the one that goes with your silhouette. for women a bit small with wide hip for example, it is best to opt for an empire dress. for those that are larger with small hip, the mermaid dress would fit them better.












choose a wedding event planning agency
your wedding must benefit from the combination of all these elements, by offering you the exclusivity of the place, tranquility, serenity, confidentiality, space, privatization are acquired. you must therefore choose a wedding planner who will meet your requirements. visit agence cristal for further more information about wedding event planning agencies.











a golden ring or a silver one? the wedding ring is one of the key elements of the wedding. the choice of the material with which the manufacturer will shape it is vast. some couples choose to follow modern wedding regimes by opting for gold. others will dare to choose the money. there are even those who choose white gold or the gold-silver mixture for more originality.



how about a wedding theme? each couple wants their wedding to be a unique and unforgettable moment, that’s whithin their rights! for this reason, many of them choose to organize themed weddings. this kind of wedding imposes the guests to follow the given theme. this one can be a color theme or even more dare a movie theme or cartoon or any other famous show.



full wedding day announcement before wedding day d, it is important to develop an announcement with all the details of the event. the place and the date are the most important things to put there, after the names of the grooms of course. for all guests, it is necessary to put the plan of the place of the celebration of the wedding and the reception on the back of the invitation card.



don’t forget about the children! it is not uncommon for guests to bring their children with them at the reception. the only problem is that these children were not counted among the guests. it is therefore wiser to put more dishes for them. but to avoid the exorbitant bill as the caterer, it is best to negotiate special dishes for them that are cheaper.









plan du site










