






west coast sash & door – wordy


































 










skip to content




enhance any space in your home with new windows and doors location_on 1922 palma drive, ventura, ca 93003 phone 805.644.4902 

facebook
 






west coast sash & door 





home
products
services
about
contact
 



search for:


search

 











home 











windows, doors & more
your window & door replacement specialists since 1989. (805) 644-4902

services
 
 
 
 

 
 
 




family owned and operated since 1989
west coast sash &amp; door, inc. carries a wide variety of name brand window and door products, hardware, wood &amp; mdf moulding and skylights. we specialize in residential and commercial projects. we began our journey into the window and door industry in 1989. we offer knowledgeable advice and design services that suit your project and employ our own installation team. we have an aaa-rating with the better business bureau, and we offer a 4 year warranty on our labor! the staff of west coast sash & door, inc. are committed to offering you courteous, professional service.
 
read more

 



 
 

 




our services
 
 
 




 
door and window installation 
are you ready to replace your drafty old windows and doors with new energy-efficient units? we guarantee accurate measurements to ensure that your new windows and doors are installed properly for maximum energy savings. 

read more 
 

 
entry and interior doors 
doors set the mood for your home style, comfort and security. they give you that curb appeal makes your home stand out above the rest. at west coast sash and door, inc. we pride ourselves on the ability to help you find and install the right door for you.


 

 
hardware 
the design and appearance of the hardware used on your doors make an impression and fortifies your home against intruders.

read more 
 

 

 
skylight installation 
skylights disperse light to the room without using electricity and bring out the beauty of your home using more natural light. they also help keep utility costs down! we offer standard and tubular skylight.


 

 
plan take-offs for contractors  contractors can rely on west coast sash & door for efficient and reliable service to keep your projects running smoothly. 
read more 
 

 
free local estimate 
we will come out to your home and give you a free estimate on any door or window project you’re planning. we’ll give you lots of choices to help meet your budget. give us a call today!


 

 
 

 






 




 




 




 
 




 
 







 




 




 




 
 
 


 

 

 












©1989-2017 west coast sash & door™. all rights reserved. designed by laine designs






































