






































    
    award-winning dj entertainment | pete chambers entertainment | new england
  
  













              
  

call us 603-347-1030


 


 
  

tell us about your event




   
    home



  weddings



  bar & bat mitzvahs



  corporate events



  djs


   petes-reviews



  jays-reviews



  matts-reviews



  jimis-reviews



  caryns-reviews





  music & pro audio gear



  photo booths



  event lighting



  faqs



  rates - contact us












    
 





       
new hampshire, massachusetts & maine wedding, corporate & mitzvah djs


   award 
winning djs pete chambers entertainment has won the knot's "best of weddings" award and wedding wire's "couple's choice" award 13 times!  that's professional quality you can count on. 


   professional dj entertainment services        


experienced dj/mc personalities

   




  our djs have years of experience on the microphone, so we're able to add the right touch of personality to your event and handle all of your event's activities with a smooth professional touch! 



     


the music mix you want

   




  we want to play the music that you want to hear and gets your gets onto their feet, so we'll help you create a playlist that works for your event. 



     


outstanding audio gear

   




  our audio gear is the finest in the field, so your music will sound as good as it can and we go easy on the eye too, as our gear maintains a very low profile and won't damage the ambience of your venue. 



     


attentive customer service

   




  we're easy to reach and ready to assist you in planning your event.  we'll carefully explain how everything works and help you with all of the important entertainment decisions. 






      estimated_quoteartboard 3










get a dj quote  contact us
   name

 email

 phone

 date  -  hours -  venue/location

 services requested
 
dj - lighting - photo booth combo
dj only
photo booth only
lighting only







thank you for contacting pete chambers entertainment.we will get back to you as soon as possible. oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.







    1984 to 2025! - celebrating over forty years of great dj events across new england!


   professional entertainment is the main ingredient for a great party! you can search for a dj from massachusetts to maine, new hampshire to rhode island, but you won't find a better pool of
professional dj talent than we feature right here at pete chambers disc jockey entertainment.pete chambers entertainment is anxious to work with you to create an event that fits your style and personality.  we've been doing exactly this for 40 years! to stay at the top of one's profession for 4 decades requires a passion, and we really love what we do! it's the best "job" in the world!  our goal is clear, it's simply to exceed your expectations in every way! when you hire pete chambers entertainment, you can have confidence that your event will be handled with professionalism.  we can back up this claim with 100's of online reviews from happy clients.  you'll be pleased to learn that we're thirteen-time winners of the knot's "best of" weddings award and we've been inducted into their prestigious "knot hall of fame"!  we also have a dozen awards from wedding wire! 
 a
skilled & polished master of ceremonies will be provided to host your event. over the microphone we'll add a little energy and humor, but we also know when to turn the mic off and let the music play. several of our disc jockeys are seasoned professional radio personalities - your guarantee of getting a great mc for your wedding, bar or bat mitzvah, corporate event, sweet 16, quinceanera or other occasion. 
we offer additional services to enhance your fun and enjoyment...like our fabulous
photo booth options, including traditional photo booths, 360, magic mirror, glamour, green screen and more!  amazing full room
uplighting, dance floor lighting, gobo monograms & cake spotlights. 
we are also obsessed with providing outstanding customer service and we would love to discuss the vision you have of your event either via telephone or in person. contact us today and let's start planning an event that you and your guests will talk about for many years to come! call now at 603-347-1030.  we're available 7 days a week! 


   
 from cape cod to bar harbor, bangor to boston...keeping new england dancing for 4 decades!



    


  


  




   where have we been performing lately?  here are a few recent events...


    


 at the bedford village inn: "pete chambers is incredible! the dance floor was packed all night with seamless transitions and a perfect mix of hits and classics. highly recommend for any event!" anne & scott oglesby, nashua, nh 

  


 at fratellos italian grille:"we cannot thank pete enough for his services on our wedding night. he kept all our guests entertained, and helped the evening run smoothly and ensured everyone had a great time! friends and family have been raving about pete!"devin & gus, salem, nh



    


   at the margate resort:we can’t thank you enough for your dj services! from our first phone call through the planning process, you communicated the details clearly and made us feel comfortable. you read the room well based on the overall vibes and age group on the dance floor.!! ricky & caitlyn, methuen, ma


  


 at the graduate, providence, ri:we very much appreciated the professionalism, guidance, and experience that pete brought to our daughter’s bat mitzvah. his flexibility & knowledge of how to keep 13 year olds entertained , and his great musical repertoire were beyond appreciated!
paige, providence, ri



   where else have we been been?  see more of our performances here:     

new england wedding venues & banquet facilities









       




       


  





     


  





     


  





     


  







   special thanks to our clients for selecting us as one of new england's finest dj entertainment companies
 
13 
 times!a member of the knot's "hall of fame"


      

 




    

  





     


  





     


  







   
keeping new england dancing since 1984!   


 navigation     home



  weddings



  bar & bat mitzvahs



  corporate events



  djs






     music & pro audio gear



  photo booths



  event lighting



  faqs



  rates - contact us








    our keywords: dj, djs, nh djs, nh dj, ma dj, ma djs, maine dj, maine, new hampshire, massachusetts, wedding djs, vermont, vt, mid coast maine, disc jockey, reception entertainment, new england, bar mitzvah, bat mitzvah, entertainers, ma, nh, me, vt, ri, ct, uplighting, cape cod, mass, boston, manchester, dover, portsmouth, nashua, portland, concord, providence, worcester, haverhill, north andover, chelmsford, tewksbury, georgetown, newburyport, amesbury, beverly, danvers, framingham, waltham, methuen, salem, saugus, lynnfield, gloucester, lowell, lawrence, woburn, medford, malden, cambridge, randolph, arlington, plymouth, hyannis, falmouth, lake winnipesaukee, lakes region, photo booth rental, jewish, seacoast, norwood, taunton, fall river, new bedford, weymouth, quincy, wellesley, fitchburg, leominster, groton, wrentham, springfield, topsfield, lynnfield, reading, mount washington, bretton woods, whitefield, kingston, windham, hanover, claremont, york, ogunquit, wells, biddeford, sanford, eliot, south berwick, kittery, cape elizabeth, saco, york, bar harbor, lewiston, auburn, camden, rockland, bar harbor, bangor, northport, kennebunk, kennebunkport, photo booth rentals



     © 2025 
all rights reserved | pc enterprises




















































































































  
  share by:








