














home page | texas state securities board





      skip to main content
    













keywords

search





contact us
sign up for news & updates







texas state securities board










main navigation






keywords

search




menu




for investors

for investors

general investing


for seniors


for military


for teachers


español




texas securities act and board rules

texas securities act and board rules

texas intrastate crowdfunding


texas securities act


board rules


forms and fees


legal rate of interest


codification (2022)


nasaa statements of policy




for securities professionals

for securities professionals

dealer & adviser registration


enforcement


inspections & compliance


regulation of securities


securities search


certificate search


waiver by the securities commissioner




news & publications

news & publications

news releases


enforcement actions: administrative


enforcement actions: criminal & civil


publications




about us

about us

agency overview


offices


board member information


employment opportunities


open records


agency reports


contact us




state securities board response to coronavirus (covid-19)
















home page






 






 



          alert:
        
2025 certificate of registration, available after january 15, 2025...














comment period open for november 2024 proposed rules


            click here to see the proposed rules
          







getting a grip  on cryptocurrency


            learn before you invest
          







2020 top  investor threats


            identify and prevent fraud
          






pause/play








for professionals & the industry




 
registration of dealers & investment advisers

renewals 2025
investment adviser registration in texas.
getting started as a dealer
avoiding common deficiences



 
regulation of securities offerings

registration process
exemptions from registration
alert - temporary waiver for form d filings due to efd system shut down



 
complying with the law

securities act and board rules
frequently asked questions
reporting suspected financial exploitation
file a complaint










for investors
download adobe acrobat reader (for pdfs)






 



image
 






learn the core four
learning about investing starts with the core four: making investments, investing for retirement, choosing a financial professional, and scams & unsuitable investments. all are available in spanish.




 



image
 






order the 2020 texas investor guide
order the 10th anniversary edition of the texas investor guide: strategies for investing wisely and avoiding financial fraud. for free copies, provide a mailing address to txig@ssb.texas.gov.  the investor guide is also in spanish.






more about making informed investment decisions





 


criminal, civil, & administrative actions
enforcing securities laws




 


registration checks
how to research investment advisers and brokers




 


filing a complaint
how the process works














the latest news & publications




texas joins multiple states in $106 million restitution settlement with vanguard for supervisory and disclosure failures


 the texas state securities board announced today that it joined a taskforce of state securities regulators and the united states securities and exchange commission (sec) in a $106 million restitution settlement with vanguard marketing corporation (vmc) and the vanguard group...






texas & montana lead multiple states in $17 million settlement with edward jones for supervisory failures


 the texas state securities board announced today that it has joined a multi-state settlement with edward d. jones & co., l.p. (edward jones) which will see edward jones pay $17 million in penalties for supervisory failures that affected main street...






commissioner files action against alleged former gs partners agents - parties accused of promoting new crypto scheme issued by trage technologies 


 securities commissioner travis j. iles filed an emergency cease and desist order against darrell porter, a minister from killeen, texas, and eric ture muhammad, a purported “wealth minister” from fairburn, georgia.  the order accused porter and muhammad of illegally and...






texas securities board secures full refunds for texas gs partners clients texas and other states settle actions against josip heit, gs partners and affiliates


 securities commissioner travis j. iles announced the texas state securities board is settling claims with gsb gold standard corporation ag, a german company purportedly operating in the fintech and banking industries, and gsb gold standard bank ltd dba gs partners...




more news and enforcement actions








about the texas securities board



 
our mission
the state securities board is responsible for administering and enforcing the texas securities act. the mission of the state securities board is to protect texas investors. consistent with that purpose, the agency seeks to ensure a free and competitive securities market for texas, increase investor confidence, and thereby encourage the formation of capital and the creation of new jobs in texas.
view current employment opportunities
more about the texas state securities board






stay connected

 



image
 






subscribe to news and other email alerts



 



image
 






follow us on twitter



















footer main navigation


for investors


texas securities act and board rules


for securities professionals


news & publications


about us


state securities board response to coronavirus (covid-19)
















texas state securities board




contact us
sign up for news & updates
twitter














texas state securities board

compact with texans
public information requests
customer service report
registration provisions for military
texas energy conservation plan



website resources

accessibility & site policies
disclaimer
download adobe acrobat reader (for pdfs)
site map



texas links

texas.gov
texas veterans portal
texas homeland security
where the money goes
trail search














report fraud, waste, or abuse of state resources to the state auditor's office or call (800) 892-8348.
























