









foster swift: law firms michigan, lawyers & attorneys in michigan





















jump to content

serviceslegal services overviewview all services by alphacybersecurity hotlinecorporate transparency act (cta)why usoverviewrecognitionsclient service commitmentstatewide reachour historygiving backlexwork international networkfact sheetprofessionalssearchattorney directoryparalegal directorycommunicationspublicationslegal basics videoslegal resourcesnewsletters sign-upnews & eventsnewseventslegal basics videosspeakers bureaupress centerblogsbiztech law blogequine law blogestate planning & elder law bloghealth care law blogmichigan bankruptcy blogmichigan election law blogmichigan labor & employment law blogmichigan workers' comp defense blogtax law blogyour family law advocate blogdiversitythe beginningthe missionour workplacerecruitingsupporting the communitycareersculturelateral attorneyssummer associatessummer associate program faqlife as an associateaspiring attorneysprofessional support staffcurrent openingscontact usofficesinquiriesfirm administrationpress contact

back to top




get updates









how should employers prepare for earned sick time act?michigan employers and employees will soon experience significant changes to the state’s employment laws. however, new bills have recently been introduced in the legislature and governor whitmer has proposed an extension to the february 21, 2025 deadline if both side cannot reach an agreement. with all this uncertainty, how should employers prepare?
cta reporting requirements on hold...again?on december 23, the fifth circuit court of appeals overturned the prior december 3 nationwide injunction of the cta with a new filing deadline. then, just days later, the fifth circuit court merits panel reversed the motion panel’s stay and reinstated the nationwide injunction. are you confused on what to do yet? many are.
join us for our first 2nd wednesday of 2025 as we try to clear the air on the latest status of the cta.
new aba ethics opinion tackles ai use in the legal professionbusiness and cybersecurity attorney, taylor gast, was quoted throughout an article about the use of ai in the legal industry.
as artificial intelligence tools become more sophisticated and their use becomes more widespread in the legal industry, lawyers are grappling with a host of new ethical considerations, according to a recent guidance from the american bar association.
foster swift elects four shareholders for 2025the shareholders of foster swift collins & smith, p.c. elected four of its attorneys to shareholders as the firm enters 2025: bryan cermak, amanda j. dernovshek, kevin j. roragen and brandon m.h. schumacher.











search our site






practice overview
business lawemployment law - managementfinance, real estate & bankruptcy lawhealth careindividual legal serviceslitigation and trial services municipal and public entity lawtrusts & estatesworkers' compensation

articles & blogscybersecurity hotlinecorporate transparency act (cta)governor whitmer proposes delay of wage and paid leave laws to push for a deala new executive order has been issued on artificial intelligence “three-peat” use agreement in place if chiefs win super bowl 

more ›



news
foster swift elects officers for 2025michigan municipalities demand action: support for house bills 4027 and 4028 to restore local zoning and end state overreach in renewable energy developmentfoster swift elects four shareholders for 2025

more ›



events
risk management strategies for equine related activities - we aren't horsing around!nip it in the bud: the importance of strong policies and handbookssocial media pitfalls

more ›











lansing
southfield
grand rapids
detroit
holland





copyright © 2025, foster swift collins & smith pc | online invoice payment | site map | contact | terms of service | privacy |  site by firmseek












