









home - billbateman





































































 









skip to content












 







home
about
offers
blog
contact





 
 




home










welcome to  













billbateman
 



the best european restaurant 



сlick this button to contact us 







 
contact us















delicious cold beer and 



the best steaks 







call us: +931-472-3424 







 
and other ways

















what we offer
 

















in our compact menu we decided to combine the most popular samples of european cuisine, meat steaks, tasty snacks for stout and healthy fast food – vegetable chips that we make ourselves in the dehydrator. bruschetta and jerky jerky are neighbors at double with hummus on onion tortillas roti and a collection of tartars, shrimp in wasabi glaze with mango sauce is an alternative to the homemade burger, and inventive desserts are classics of cheesecakes and chocolate cupcakes. 







our menu features good beer, a no-frills wine selection, the best steaks, appetizers, and simple, delicious food for every day. the iconic vintage interior of the historic building is filled with artifacts and a soulful atmosphere. warm weekdays by the end of the week are fueled by hot dj-led parties and rare but vibrant concerts by well-known and interesting musicians. 
















any reason 













for all preferences and events 







short filmwe'll give you as a memento of your visit to our restaurant. 



no parking problemsthere is a convenient parking place for each guest on the territory of the restaurant. 



no sleepwe always work until the last guest. 







 







free wi-fiif you need to solve work issues, we will give you the opportunity to use free wi-fi. 



individual approachdo you have allergies or don't like any of the ingredients? just let us know - your wishes will be taken into account in the preparation of dishes. 



low priceswe keep our prices low while constantly improving quality. check it out and see for yourself! 
















special offer 

















 







15% discount on the whole order! 



only when ordering on your birthday, and three days after it. 






reserve















15% discount on children's menu 



if you visit the restaurant with children – you will be pleased with discounts on all children’s menus. 






order now











 















our menu
 

















blueberry tart $15cream cheese cream on shortbread dough and fresh blueberries  







burger signature    $15beef cutlet, bacon, onions, tomatoes, pickled cucumbers, mustard, catalan sauce  











ribeye steak   $25steak from the thick edge of a steer 







vegetable salad with cilantro   $10chopped cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, radishes, lettuce, cilantro, lemon and cilantro dressing 











berry smoothie   $15raspberry, strawberry, lemon juice, kiwi, soda  







grilled seabass    $20seabass is fried until crispy.  tartar sauce  















a unique place
 



















 





selected products 



we choose only natural and the best products to prepare delicious dishes, which you can see on our menu 









 





communications 



in our restaurant you can not only have a good time and enjoy the food, but also find useful acquaintances. 









 





convenient payment 



you can pay by cash or credit card, or use online payment. 















specialty of the day 

















 







hamburger    $20 



fries  $10 



grill sauce $10 



beverage of choice$10 






order now











asian lunch 

















crab rolls    $20 



chukka salad    $10 



salmon sushi $15 



soy sauce$10 






order now











 















 









 





friday is beer day 













every friday after 10 p.m., every other mug of beer is free 










order now
















latest news
 



















 



joint culinary master class in a restaurant: idea for an unusual date


a cooking workshop together is a great date idea, especially if you want to spend time that is not only enjoyable but also healthy. unlike classic date options like dining out at a restaurant or going to a movie, a…  continue reading…








 



cooking meat on an open fire and playing food-themed online games: a perfect pairing


as the weather starts to cool down, nothing beats the thrill of getting together with friends and family for a delicious bbq. whether you’re an experienced grill master or a novice in the world of outdoor cooking, cooking meat on…  continue reading…








 



cooking dishes on an open fire in a restaurant


imagine walking into a restaurant and being greeted by the mouth-watering aroma of food cooking on an open fire. the sizzle and crackle of the flames dancing around a chef expertly preparing a dish right in front of your eyes.…  continue reading…


















gallery 












































grill variety 













any preferences 



meat ribs, steak, burger or vegetables – we can grill anything you want. 







 







 







 
















every night 













top djs 



create music for you 






reservation















the best people
visit our restaurant 



every guest receives the highest quality of service!
we are very easy to find... 











our food and drink 














 

 

 














we partner with exciting, growth-oriented brands. 















at uadates you can find ukrainian ladies for marriage, chat and dating. 100% verified profiles and free registration. join free! 







richardcasino is an online gambling platform that provides a variety of casino games designed to cater to different preferences. the site offers a wide array of gaming options including slots, table games, live dealer experiences, and sports betting. 









it seems like a fairy tale, but it is a reality to find ukraine brides at the goldenbride.net.						











our restaurant is using the mainmenus restaurant ordering system. 







discover endless fun at neospin casino ! 







where and how do russian communities in usa find job? right, on bazar.club. because we are the leading russian ad service №1 in the united states. 











seeking the best mattress in a box in australia? discover expert-tested top models and recommendations to make a perfect choice. 









why give atlantis gold casino a try? it is a trustworthy and verified online gambling platform and a large gambling community with a high reputation score. over the last two years, we have made major improvements to our site’s security, and a serious commitment to full transparency. in our menu, there are over 1000+ games and all of them are independently audited and accredited by authorities like ecogra and itech lab. other advantages of the atlantis gold platform are quick technical responses to any issues occured.						















   about us 

 in the heart of the restaurant there is an exclusive grill, which is made according to argentine technology especially for us. we do not use hospers, electric grills, grill pans… all the meat is cooked exclusively on live fire, right in the hall, and our guests can see it. our menu includes a large selection of steaks, kebabs, tenderloin, loin, as well as other hot dishes, including fresh fish and seafood. salads, appetizers, soups and homemade desserts – everything is as it should be and in the best traditions.



latest


joint culinary master class in a restaurant: idea for an unusual date
july 17, 2024


cooking meat on an open fire and playing food-themed online games: a perfect pairing
december 4, 2023


cooking dishes on an open fire in a restaurant
august 18, 2023







billbateman, all rights reserved. 



wordpress  di multipurpose theme 




























