


one village | an introduction


















to build up communities....


we use cookies to improve customer experience and to enable online shopping. continuing use of this site implies that you accept our use of cookies. for more information, visit: 
cookies.




one village works directly with community organizations in some of the most economically stretched parts of the world. the purpose is to build up the social wellbeing of communities.
one village
 achieves this through encouraging creative cooperatives and by pursuing an alternative approach to marketing, rooted in principles of solidarity towards a more equitable and just world order.

one village is a retailer and wholesaler of craft made functional articles for the home: rugs and floormats, cushions, lampshades, duvet covers, throws and textiles, home accessories and crockery, baskets and containers – plus 
 some personal accessories such as bags and quality vegetarian soap. throughout the ranges, you'll find an emphasis on quality and good design.


to the shop! – click here for onevillage.com


as well as online shopping from our website , one village  is a wholesaler supplying independent shops all over britain (about 200 shops), and some mail-order catalogues.
you can also enjoy visiting our one village worldshop
on the a44 in woodstock, near oxford, on the edge of the cotswolds.

 all the selling is a service. a service of course to customers, who enjoy the products as useful articles for the home. but also – and equally – a service for our partners the artisan producers.

one village is an independent foundation begun in 1979.  click down to objectives   click on to origins & challenges   go to index  




















 one village: contact information
 shopping  objectives
 
 index 
wholesale 









  
     


 


 




 



  
  


  


 search onevillage.org

 









 



[click here forappreciation]





  top 







 





for the unity of all : one village


here are the objectives of one village in outline, then point by point the operating principles
through which one village works towardsthe stated objectives:




 



for community cooperation internationally, for togetherness, for recognizing the value of everyone, for respect and honour of the environment, for promoting awareness of the interconnection of all things:



 

 to build up communities, to relieve poverty and despair, to improve social and environmental conditions, to educate and inform:



 

 in partnership with those who strive to enrich the wellbeing of society:








 




operating principles:

 


markets articles from the countries of the south on the following basis:






1. all articles come from partner enterprises which strive to build up the quality of life of the community. these enterprises are workers' associations or cooperatives, societies for the common good, or are generally accountable to the community.

why cooperatives?


2. articles are finished products, significantly hand made.

3. articles are an expression of the style or cultural tradition of the makers, so far as market conditions allow.

4. articles are of good quality, well designed and carefully made.

5. articles are made with respect for the integrity of creation. materials and processes are selected with regard to their environmental impact.

6. articles are to enhance the quality of life of the customer.


7. all producers are paid equitably a realistic rate for the job which, as a minimum, takes account of the local cost of living and the skill involved.

8. working hours and the work environment are consistent with the wellbeing of producers.




9. one village adds «community extra» to prices when market conditions allow and when producers' organizations are able and willing to use this extra payment effectively to benefit the social progress and wellbeing of the community.

10. products are sold in ways which honour producers and customers, and which enhance public appreciation of the craft, and of the skill and humanity of the producers.

11. there is continuity of selling, so far as producers wish to sell and market conditions allow.

12. payments are made not later than due times. working capital is advanced to producers when appropriate and when resources allow.

more....


13. the business is run efficiently and effectively in line with principles outlined here, legitimate business costs and salaries are paid, and any remaining profits are re-invested for the common good in work consistent with these objectives and principles.






we only use renewable green energy in our premises, some from our own solar array.






























promote unity andthe common good!
4 metal badges 38 & 25mm.
get all four for £1.



set of4 badgesto order,click add:








please click here to our online shop




«fair trade»? what is «fair trade»?

[~ perhaps not quite what you think ~]
click here to visit our commentary pages







what we do with profits:
the picture shows the community well in the village of derou, mali, paid for by one village. this is one of seven village wells in mali paid for by one village and already installed. about five more wells are now in construction. the wells transform the lives of villagers in one of the world's most empoverished places.
also in mali, one village has funded land regeneration in the poorest district of yorosso.
these life-changing programmes are implemented by the local communities working with joliba trust.







typical advertisements from current or recent national magazine campaigns in uk:


         

   

         

         

                       



               







     click here to our online shop




one village marquee at greenbelt festival.
our marquee was a feature at greenbelt every year between 1999-2010.

unfortunately, greenbelt have told us that reduced space at the event prevents having us back.



   

   








 








"one village.... inexpensive & good quality"


 – daily telegraph




"the best ethical products"


 – the independent



"ideologically sound"
 – the tablet





we welcome....





click for how to order





click here for informationabout security,our use of cookies, our terms,and our service for customers.










 textiles: throws,
 bedcovers, throws, etc
 the look is white
 cushions

duvet covers: 

 white · floral
 yellow ·
red ·
green · grey
blue · blue




rugs & floors department:
 jawaja drugget wool rug
 ap durry rug  coir mats
 sinhala colours    white
 zig the rug    sand colour
 sulti blue or red

  compare rug sizes & prices



 home accessories
 lampshades

 placemats    napkins

 tablecloths

 tableware/crockery
 baskets    doormats
 bead curtains




 toys  soap
 cards & giftwrap
 notebook
 incense  sandals
 aromatic sachets
 festive decorations

hammocks
 weekend tote bag



search




view cart

checkout











scroll-down store directory: 
to visit our store departments, click the hyperlinks below.

page top









        




 choose cotton duvet covers:      


      


 (throws, bedspreads,  tablecloths)
   


 (fresh, timeless, uncluttered...)    
 

 lampshades (distinctive design choices)    






soap
··············



palestinepottery
···············



home &decor...

···············
 
coir floormats








rugs & floors:
[click here to compare all rug styles and sizes]

 jawaja drugget (fine woollen rugs; brown écru or grey) 

 ap durry  (fine cotton rugs up to 2.3x1.5m) 



 

 sinhala rugs (two vibrant colour schemes)  

 zig (green or black chevrons: 1.5x1m; 1.2x0.8m; 0.9x0.6m) 



(white or sand colour rugs blending jute & cotton)  

 sutli  (one colour rugs, jute/cotton; blue or red)  


 
 

   


       rugs quick comparisons table   







bead curtains (walk-through screens for your doors & spaces)

 




«arabesque» our hand made crockery from palestine    


placemats (mats to grace your table; rectangular or round)     
napkins 



 baskets
(to help you organize)   
 






 home accessories (decor & function)

     

 large wooden bowls «balibowl»






 one village body-friendly soap  (real sandalwood....or neem to nourish your skin)


 one aromatics (aromas to refresh and to inspire)




 one aromatics (scents from perfume sachets)




 hand made greeting cards & giftwrap






 pocket notebook with batik cover and hand made paper








 hammocks (dreaming....lazy days)    & garden accessories    

 sandals (2 comfortable styles)

   





 the weekend tote (friendly overnight shoulder bag)
 



 festive decorations (joyful decor for the christmas tree)
 








product index updated . prices valid today.




 click to
view cart / go to checkout





 click back to top of store directory –  top of page –  index – 









easytoorder

shopping with us is really easy! simply browse through our interesting departments and click alongside each article you want to have delivered.

as you click, your shopping cart will show everything you have ordered. on the same screen, you can adjust your quantities (be sure to click «update») then click back to this directory to go on to more great products.

when you have finished shopping, click «view cart» (top & bottom of every page) then the checkout button and choose whether to pay with your card or your paypal account.

use the special instructions box in the checkout to note any special instructions.

enjoy shopping here!

begin

   100% express....
we usually dispatch online orders no later than the next working day, so expect delivery soon!
 shipping charge  per online order to most uk addresses: £3.50.  –
orders over £100 free.
delivery: small packets royal mail; others mostly dhl.



prices throughout this website are shown in  pounds sterling (gbp). vat included when appropriate. vat registration number: gb 311 5832 87






for dispatch to an overseas destination, if an extra charge is necessary (and not already shown by the product) we will seek your approval before we proceed.






convert  (pounds) to your currency.



click here for online popup conversion calculator.
please treat this information only as a guide – the exact conversion will be done by your card company at the time of the transaction.





what if youdon't like it?
click here forour returns information.







when you see this symbol, click it for a larger picture to open in a special window.










to check your shopping trolley at any time, or to go to checkout, click the view cart button – top & bottom of every page




converter








cm:







inches:

















hi, just want to say that i have never had such a quick service, especially when we are not the easiest address to find. delivery arrived intact this morning and just what i wanted. thank you very much – i'll definitely use you again and tell our friends about you."
– l g, newton stewart, dumfries and galloway
















"think your service is brilliant. am very impressed. quality is great.thanks." – j m, newcastle-upon-tyne


"i was amazed at how quickly i received my order!" – a r, bronx, new york


"thanks for the excellent service. i received my parcel this morning –
less than 24 hours after i ordered it." – a o'b, oldham


 click here for full information about security, terms, and our service to customers.







 

 





click for:      




 our address, phone, and fax number      
 top of products        top of page        onevillage.info   


 


 




to find us quickly, add onevillage.org to your favorites!   



 





 

visit our one village outlet store:

we have an outlet shop
 in woodstock, west oxfordshire – home of blenheim park and palace.
at the shop you will always find additional products to those featured on the website; and often discount prices.
enjoy a day out on the edge of the cotswolds, only 7 miles from oxford !


please click for information:






 wholesale: for our wholesale customers, please click here for our wholesale department 









 








one village
charlbury 
oxfordshire
ox7 3sq
uk


email: 
progress@onevillage.org

 world telephone: +44 1608 811811 


world fax: 
+44 1608 811911 

 uk: 01608 811811


uk fax: 01608 811911

normal office hours for attention to the telephone: monday–friday 09:00-16:00 gmt.
we are often also available at other times, or an answering service is provided.















view cartgo to checkout(click here)






 one place is home 


 one village top 
 one village objectives  one village operating principles  one village our address & contact information 
 one village  online shopping & product information pages


view cart/checkout 



one village

outlet shop, woodstock

 one village wholesale 


 a commentary on «fair trade»  one village
origins & challenges 

 one village check out any jobs at one village 

 one village our editorial & background information pages
 



one world?  
one place is home 
 search onevillage.org 





one village uk www.onevillage.orgall material © one village uk, 1979- all rights reserved









european union:for peace and cooperation






worldshops for social justice









 







 to find us quickly, add onevillage.org to your favorites!   




 

onevillage.org – click this yellow bar for online shopping

 





one village  for the unity of all

cooperators since 1979

one village · charlbury · ox7 3sq · uk


one village ltd · a company registered in england & wales · company registration number 6894756



 

 



top 



 



 



go to index

 











