



  






		jane sen | head chef and dietary adviser to the bristol cancer help centre	


























home
about me
courses
catering
exercise
personal chef service
dietary advice
contact
 

















































































the approach…
make eating healthy exciting, inspirational, delicious and fun!
jane sen has designed a unique and very effective style of creative, healthy eating. using really fresh whole foods she has developed delicious recipes to inspire a passion for life and bring you energy and well being.
much of the information available on the subject of diet and health can be confusing and sadly, conflicting. jane’s clear and down to earth approach will help to clarify many of the areas that can often obstruct us when we are thinking of making the change towards a healthy, enjoyable style of eating.
jane has combined her 35 years of experience as a professional chef with up to date research into the power of nutrients to combat illness and maintain good health.
her priorities in choosing and developing recipes are firstly, that they must taste delicious – “our food should nourish us but not be separate from the absolute joy of living” – and secondly that they are easy to produce in a modern, busy world.
our food can play a leading role in the prevention, management and recovery from, coronary disease, strokes, high blood pressure, diabetes, asthma, exema, cancer, urinary disorders, nervous complaints and stress, reproductive problems, skin conditions, highrisk weight imbalance and infection.
one in three people in the developed world are predicted to contract cancer. we now know some of the causes of cancer. genetic dispositions, stress, infection, environmental factors, smoking, obesity, lifestyle and diet being well researched. often a combination of factors at a stressful period of our lives can be the trigger. most of these causes are beyond our control – the way we eat can always be in our control.
everybody has to eat – itï¿½s a wonderful way to change the odds in your favour.







 
 



















