






































    
    home | las olas beach clubs
  
  













              

 
    home



  cocoa beach


   about



  photos



  virtual tours



  rental rates



  events



  contact





  satellite beach


   about



  photos



  virtual tours



  rental rates



  events



  contact



  new! owner's portal





  helpful info


   newsletter signup



  timeshare weeks calendar



  cocoa beach surf cam



  satellite beach surf cam





  contact us


   contact cocoa beach



  contact satellite beach














    
 





       

  las olas
your home away from home


 



    welcome to las olas beach club
 we're the best thing on the beach since sunscreen! nestled along florida's space coast, our resorts offer spacious accommodations, stunning views, and exclusive beach access for the ultimate vacation experience. forget sandcastles, we're building dreams here!﻿at las olas beach club, we take exceptional customer service to a whole new level. our staff doesn't just treat you like family, they treat you like the favorite child who never has to do the dishes. from the moment you arrive to the time you (reluctantly) check out, our team is here to make sure you have a tropical getaway that's nothing short of spectacular.so pack your sunglasses and flip-flops, leave your troubles behind, and let las olas beach club show you what true relaxation feels like.


 
     


  las olas beach club of
﻿cocoa beach


 whether you're a solo explorer or a family of beach lovers, we've got space for your getaway. our 1-, 2-, and 3-bedroom units offer
comfort and quality right in the heart of cocoa beach. the world-famous cocoa beach pier and ron jon surf shop are just a leisurely stroll away - a balanced blend of relaxation and adventure!

   

more info



   


  las olas beach club of satellite beach


 our 2-bedroom condos all feature a spectacular oceanfront view from your private balcony, perfect for catching the sunrise while you sip your morning coffee. escape the chaos of daily life and embrace beach town tranquility at our quiet slice of heaven by the sea. 

   

learn more











       las olas of cocoa beach
 address: 5100 ocean beach blvd﻿cocoa beach, fl 32931phone:(321) 784-2706email: lasolas@beachclubs.com     

 





  las olas of satellite beach
 address: 1215 highway a1asatellite beach, fl 32937phone:
(321) 777-3224email: beaches@beachclubs.com     

 

 

 





  quick links:
  owner's portal (satellite beach)portal sign-up instructionssign up for our newslettertimeshare weeks calendarprivacy policyform letter to the governor




     © 2025 
all rights reserved | las olas beach clubs






















































































































  
  share by:








