








pzm modification kit, phantom powering, attenuator pads, all things audio













 





		quote of the day
		


		"if internet advertising has proven one thing, it's that you simply cannot annoy people into liking you." 
		



		g.m. o'connell, modern media 
		

 









  about us 
				 | 
				 asking questions 
				 | 
				 online consulting 
				 | 
				 contacting us 
				 | 
				 privacy notice 
				 | 
				 copyright notice 
				 | 
				 links 
				



 products 
				

 kearney barton 
				

 articles 
				

 diy stuff 
				

 phantom powering 
				

 pzm stuff 
				

 attenuator pads 






 theremin 
				



 sound systems 
				

 random stuff 
				

 ampex 
				

 ms recording 
				

 radar sites 
				

 bad ideas 
				

 lactose intolerance 
				

 laws for audio engineers 
				









 
				products


				click on pictures for more information. 
				





						universal attenuator networks



 universal attenuator pad 
												need to build a fixed attenuator pad for a project or installation? this 
						handy circuit board can be configured for commonly used balanced or unbalanced configurations. 
						kit or assembled, as you like it. 
						














						p48 powered rs pzm



						an elegant solution to improving the performance of the rs pzm microphone. 
						this board replaces the battery box and its crappy little transformer (hum magnet) 
						and it allows the microphone to be p48 phantom powered. increased output level, and improved lf response. 
						









				articles and reviews
				these are articles that i've written over the last 30+ years. some have been published in 
				magazines, some are excerpted from manuals that i've written, some are the result of email flurries, 
				some were created as a result of need, and some just popped out. 

				 









 using cine stands for microphones 					
 rohs — how the rules of hazardous substances, an eu directive, affect you and me out here in the colonies.
					
 what makes headphones loud? find out here.
					
 how to connect loudspeakers totalling 2-ohms to an amplifier that can only
drive a 4-ohm load.
					
 neuman tlm-103 product review.
					
 akg solidtube microphone product review.
					
 return to top 					

				diy
 passive preamp a short article telling how to build your own "passive" preamp (which in reality is a volume control pot mounted in a box).
					
 radio shack pzm microphone modification.
					
 power supplies a short article about using 3-terminal regulator ics to build small regulated power supplies. this is a companion piece to building a 48v supply for phantom powering microphones.
					
 design your own attenuator pads.
					
 stdval a program for finding the nearest standard value of a resistor or capacitor.
					
 ab switch for microphones 					
				useful information
 ampex transistor cross-reference
					
 phantom powering for condenser microphones.
					
 t-power. how it works, why it works, why it's not compatible with other microphones.
					
 sound system and other stuff
					
 m-s recording resource.
					
 miscellaneous stuff of various sorts.
					
 impdance balanced output circuits. a rethinking of the problem of
balanced outputs on trs jacks. a better way.
					
 laws for audio engineers.
					
 return to top 					








				phantom powering for condenser microphones
				sometime around 1970, neumann introduced the fet-80 series of condenser microphones that were solid 
				state and remotely powered via the microphone cable. in typical german fashion, they decreed that these microphones were the be-all and end-all to 
				microphones of any sort, and they promptly discontinued all of their vacuum tube microphones. 
				of course, nearly 40 years later, we know different, with the venerable u47 now selling for the price of a car. here then, are a 
				series of articles, that explain this important concept and how it works. btw, neumann "gave" the idea to the industry; apparently they trademarked the term, 
phantom power
				but gave the concept and the term to our industry. there! something for free from neumann! 

				  click here. 
				










				radio shack pzm microphone modification

				the radio shack pzm microphone is a low-cost microphone capable of 
				fairly high performance. many modifications have been published for 
				this microphone; the simplest simply replaces the battery with two 
				6-volt smoke alarm batteries. 

								you can learn more about pressure zone and boundary microphones 
				here.  

								the rs microphone, no longer available new, is fair game for modification. its puny unshielded output transformer is a magnet for hum and a source of sonic pollution. 
				uneeda audio makes a kit designed 
				to rid the microphone of these parts and make it work in a p48 environment. 
				
 the pzm page 					
 the rs pzm modification kit 					
 price list 					
 assembly guide (current rev 2800kb pdf) 					
 the rohs directive (21k pdf) 					
 return to top 					
 

				rohs and a plea for conservation
				in 2006, the member states of the eu placed into action a set of rules designed to keep certain hazardous substances out of the waste stream. 
				concurrently, they also placed rules about weee, wast electronic and electrical equipment and its disposal. 
				the body of this legislation has come to be known as rohs: 
				rules of hazardous suhstances.
				the 
				 directive 
				and weee have a far reaching effect: any manufacturer who hopes to sell their product within the eu must conform to rohs. 
				without so much as a filibuster, they have more or less forced us to comply. 
				this is actually good, because congress is so completely 
				hamstrung by special interests that this would 
				never have made it out of committee within our lifetimes. 

								cynical, me? 
				not! 
				realistic? 
				yes!
  here then, is my plea 
				for some moderation in our love affair with cheap goods, abandonment of the bean counter's mantra about repair cost, and a 
				more common sense approach to keeping old gear out of the landfill. 

				 don't toss that old thing! repair it, freecycle it, e-cycle it, or re-cycle it!











				theremin
				the theremin continues to interest people year after year. here is 
				a reprint of lou garner's diy project that appeared in popular electronics 
				over 40 years ago(!). 
				


 article popular electronics, november 1967
					

 article pdf file, text only
					

 theremin schematic (pdf file)
					

 theremin pcb (pdf file)
					

 return to top 					

  arthur harrison's 
				way-kewl theremin pages. diy here 
				 zzounds -- more theremin info 

				 











				sound system and other random stuff




 people constantly ask how to build pads. here's how. 					

 all about standard component values, resistors mostly, but applicable to nearly anything electronic. 					

 a pc program for converting ideal values to standard values. zip archive. 					

 equalizing for spectral character, an article that i found 40+ years ago in a langevin catalog. i wish i knew who the author was, and i don't. but this is still useful
information.
					

 the piano vs frequency chart found in many books. this one came from symetrix, and was created by james, aka flash, husted.
					

 piano vs 1/3 octave iso frequency table. use this to convert the pitch of a feedback ring to a numeric frequency using a piano.
					

 24-track tracksheet ms-word document. uses a table. modify it
to suit your own needs. tables are cool!
					

 decibel table convert from dbu to various other forms. adobe pdf
					

 decibel table convert from dbu to various other forms. excel spreadsheet. hack away!
					

 excel spreadsheet creates k-factor table (used for designing pads) 					

 seattle gets 7-character telephone numbers 					

 random loose stuff 					

 hammond b/c percussion circuit description 					

 leslie speaker interfacing 					

 canonical list of musician jokes 					

 return to top 					

 

				m-s recording resource
				this is a collection of files describing some of the hardware used 
				for m-s recording. there is a short discussion of the theory, several decoder circuits, and a 
				bibliography. 

				 

 bibliography - revised 2006 an overview and bibliography of articles and papers about ms-stereo technique along with
brief descriptions of the three ms decoder circuits. 
					

 circuit 1 simple decoder #1, viewable gif.
					

 circuit 1 (pdf) simple decoder #1, pdf format.
this is a simple decoder circuit using two opamps to perform the sum
and difference operation. good for conceptual understanding.
					

 circuit 2 simple decoder #2, viewable gif.
					

 circuit 2 (pdf) simple decoder #2, pdf format
this is a slightly more complex circuit using four opamps to perform
the sum and difference operation. this circuit does not use a
diff-amp to perform the sum and difference operation.
					

 circuit 3 complex decoder, viewable gif.
					

 circuit 3 (pdf) complex decoder, pdf format
this circuit has a stereo spread control, which varies the output's
separation from mono to normal stereo to super-stereo.
					

 the classic neumann passive ms-matrix circuit a blast from the past, this circuit shows how it used to be done.
					

 return to top 					

 

				radar sites i have known
				i spent four years in the us air force, during the time that young men were being sent to vietnam to die in the name of democracy. that's 
				a statement of fact, at least how that fact was sold to the american people. for me, joining the air force was my countermove to being 
				drafted and a becoming an unwilling member of the army, which would have nearly guaranteed me a free trip to vietnam. 

								instead, as a voluntary air force enlistee, i got to spend the majority of my enlistment stateside, with my last major tour being in south korea, at osan air base. 
				my job title (afsc) was 30454, ground radio communications equipment repairman. it was nearly all tube gear, mostly uhf am, 225-400mhz, about 100w output. there was some 
				prehistoric digital gear, all discrete, with germanium transistors everywhere. you had to go to a special school to learn about that gear, and i believe that one 
				of the selection criteria was how well they (the ruling class) believed you were likely to stick around after four years. i guess i could have played their game to try to 
				go to the school, which meant going tdy (temporary duty) to mcchord for several weeks. but i didn't, so i never got to go. 

								i got my induction notice telling me to appear for induction into the armed forces of the united states. this would have been 
				late summer 1967. it was clear to me that letting the army have me would be a guaranteed tour of vietnam. i had from then until early november to find an alternative, 
				which could have been leaving the country, disappearing, or joining another branch of the military. i chose the latter. in my last year, i got to go tdy to an army outpost in the 
				area just south of the korean dmz. i got confirmation that i'd made the right choice 3 years ago. 

								a helpful air force recruiter led me thru the requisite testing, and i scored highest in electronics (doh!). i didn't understand it at the time, but your entry to a given school was based 
				on a class beginning on some date, and then your enlistment would be that date with basic training time backed out of it. with the window that i had, there were no electronics schools openings. 
				the alternative was some other job, in a different career field. there were administrative openings (clerks). since i knew how to type, i said yes, let's do that! since i had my induction 
				notice, there really wasn't much choice in the matter. 

								i was still wondering how i could get things changed from being a clerk to being an electronics tech. the recruiter said to take my license with me and wave it around and maybe 
				someone would notice. in retrospect, that was a long shot, but someone did take notice. a few weeks later, i was 
				summoned to appear to take a test. this was apparently (unbeknownst to me) the final exam for the 304x4 tech school. at the time, i thought it would just get me into one of their 
				electronics schools. ha! i must have passed, because a few weeks after that, i 
				received orders to report for duty in charleston wv. no tech school. instant job. dda (direct duty assignment) 
				so much for the know-it-all in my flight (airman jones) who said, "they never give ddas in electronics." i don't recall getting a chance 
				to rub it in. little did i know what i was missing out on by not going to tech school. 40 weeks of 
merde de poulet
				with lots of military stuff mixed in, marching, inspections, power-hungry ropes (airmen put in positions of authority over you), etc. oh 
				and let's not forget biloxi mississippi, deep down in the south, in the late 1960s, during the vietnam war. remember that all asians look alike. chinese, japanese, vietnamese, singaporean, 
				etc. they all look the same. not so good in the deep south! 

								the gear that my afsc qualified me to work on was in use at radar sites, and there was a network of them all across the united states, and a few other places as well (like vietnam). 
				each site had search and height radars and radio gear to communicate with military aircraft in their sector. the purpose was to look for bad guys (russians) flying over the horizon to do bad things to the capitalistic americans. 
				i don't know if we fed radar coverage to the faa for commercial aircraft but we definitely used it for national defense purposes. 
				the time i spent at three different radar sites in the continental us was great time, away from the pomp and circumstance 
				of the big bases, with their collection of military brass and the 
merde de poulet
				associated with them. at the radar sites, it was mostly just do your job. inspections were infrequent, as was the time doing seemingly meaningless duty, like painting rocks. the 
				mess halls were run by a military cook, but staffed by civilians, so there was no kp. really, it was not a bad gig. in the final analysis, 
				i lucked out!
				i spent my stateside time at three different radar sites (which are now all closed/deactivated): 

				
783rd radar squadron, charleston, wv 					
					776th radar squadron, point arena, ca 					
					757th radar squadron, birch bay, wa 					
				
				i haven't had the opportunity (or the desire) to return to charleston. it was closed within six months of my arrival.  point arena is on the northern california coast, 
				on hwy 1, and that is without a doubt, my favorite 
				stretch of road in the world. i've been up and down that road many, many times, and i've stopped in on occasion to see what's left of the radar site. i last visited the 
				site in october 2008. it's a remote location (150mi n of san francisco), so if you're stationed there, your off-duty times are spent on site, or in one of the neighboring 
				towns. you need a weekend to get there from san francisco, because it's about 3.5 hours one-way to get there. the site is decaying, and some of the 
				buildings are falling in on themselves. 
				it's the gravity of the situation, y'know? 

				 
n.b.
				if you just drive up there, you'll get as far as the main gate. if you want to look inside, that requires an appointment with the caretaker. 
				2020 note: i think the caretaker who was there in 2008 has retired now. he was getting on in 2008, and it's 12 years since. there might not be 
				a caretaker now, and the neighbors who are into agriculture in varying forms, are not particularly sociable to strangers. 
				if you should venture up there, i'd not just go wander around exploring, and i'd definitely not recommend knocking on doors, 
				especially if you look establishment. 
				
				the site at birch bay, wa was a mile from the beach. a far cry from the usual location for a radar site. 60 minutes to vancouver canada, 20 minutes to bellingham wa. a real peach. if you had to go 
				to a radar site, this was the one. it turns out that for me at least, this was a parking spot until an overseas billet opened up. instead of a year at blaine, i got about 9 months, and 
				then i got orders for korea. if you do the math, i was supposed to get out around halloween 1971, and my orders arrived about the end of july, with me to appear at my new duty assignment 
				somewhere in early september. the tour there was a year, and i would separate (be discharged) when i returned home in early september. the 4-weeks or so between then and the end of october 
				would be overlooked as being for "the convenience of the government." i didn't argue. it's a whatcom county park now. 

								757th radar squadron reunion
17 sep 2016 at bay horizon park (formerly the 757th radron).

				more details at 
				 757th radar squadron page 

								there is also a facebook page or two. 

								in may 2009, i was able to return to birch bay and see what is left of the site. this site is far less remote, being about 30 minutes north of bellingham and 60 minutes south 
				of vancouver bc. the dod gave the site to whatcom county, and they in turn leased part of it to the lions club, who turned it into a camp for people with special needs, camp horizon. 
				i've been back many times since. the old buildings keep disappearing; only the 24-tower remains of the radar towers. the barracks building are still there, because they're used by the lion's club. 
				the county uses the gym for public recreation programs. the lion's club uses the orderly room for an office and meeting space. it's a wonderful way for the old radar site to live on. since 
				it's now a park, you can just drive on up and in. the gym is usually inhabited; you should stop in and say hi. veterans who served there are always welcome. 

								a group of veterans who were stationed there have a reunion roughly every other even-numbered year. 2020 got cancelled because of covid-19. we haven't decided to try in 2021 or to wait 
				for 2022. the 757th page will be updated to reflect this. 

								these links take you to sites created for each of these former radar sites. 
				i don't know when i'll get back to charleston. probably never. 
				
 783rd radar squadron. not yet. highly unlikely. 
				 776th radar squadron. online. pictures added nov 2009. 
				 757th radar squadron. online. 
				 return to top 
				 
				bad idea dept.
				have you ever had the idea of making adaptors to convert a common-ordinary extension cord (with nema 5-15 connectors) 
				into a speaker cable? did you shelve the idea quickly after the briefest reconsideration? i hope you did! 

								these guys got the same idea and actually tried to take it to market, but i guess they never thought twice about what they had 
really
				done. these are two separate instances of the same idea, almost 10 years apart. 

				 

						click on the pictures! 
						
























				don't even think about trying this. do you know the expected lifespan of a 8-ohm loudspeaker that has been connected to 120vac? yeah, i know about cerwin-vega (who used to do this); that's a special case. 

								these are real data sheets. at least the 
				developer/inventor(?) of these products thought so. 
				i picked the j-con one up at the 1996 aes convention. a friend 
				picked up the speakerlinx one at the 2005 namm show. the product pictures were taken at that namm show. 

								talk about a bad puppy that keeps coming home! 
				
 return to top 
				










				privacy notice
				i respect your privacy. that's it, period. nothing more, nothing less. it doesn't get much simpler. 

								this site does not use cookies or any other fancy/wierd stuff to harvest, collect, or otherwise obtain any information about you, your computer, your isp, your wife, kids, or pets. people or companies who engage in this practice are some of the most reprehensible slime to inhabit our planet. it's sad that the internet is rife with this sort of behavior. 

								if you communicate with me, i'll likely save the email, but that's the extent of it. 
				i don't compile mailing lists from this information. i don't send spam. the information goes nowhere. 

								i find it a sad commentary on the business world that i must make this disclosure. 
				i consider our right to privacy to be sacrosanct. obviously others do not. 

								this is the best that i can do: i respect your privacy. please respect mine. 
				

 




this is a cookie-free site.

no data collection.

no popups!

no funny business.






				copyright notice(s)
				© 2004-2023 by rick chinn. all rights reserved. 

								the materials on this page and pages linked to it (including any drawings or photographs) are 
				copyrighted and i am the copyright holder unless otherwise 
				noted. i reserve all rights to 
				this material. if you want users on your site to access this material 
				from your website, please ask for permission to link to this site. 

								the article on the theremin appeared in 
popular electronics 
				magazine in 1967 and they or their successors hold the copyright on it. 

								the article, 
equalizing for spectral character
				appeared in an old (~1964) langevin recording equipment catalog. they, or their successors, are still welcome to 
				the copyright for the article. 

								christopher hicks holds the copyright for the pzm modification page bearing his name. 

								the acronym "pzm" is a trademark owned by crown international, a harman international company, now part of samsung. its appearance here in no way alters their ownership of same. 
				radio shack is a trademark of general wireless. they were formerly a trademark of tandy corporation. today    (2021) they are owned by retail ecommerce ventures. 
				they own the trademark; why would i even think i wanted to own it? 

								other trademarks used are owned by their respective owners. 

				 









				this site is hosted by 
				godaddy.com  
				they had a good price for web space and their support has been first rate. 
				




				many documents on this site use the adobe acrobat 
				(pdf) format. 
				




				some documents on this 
				site require an unzip utility. get the latest version from winzip. 
				


 
				back to 
				 uneeda-audio 

				 
				last modified 10/23/2024 0:48:48.











