



tufts journal












tufts journal: news and information from tufts university 


top stories
ask the professor
briefs
calendar
 
people
archives
 
 
contact us
tufts home
home


sunday, february 16, 2025 





another fine mess
fletcher professor exposes the limits of financial models and calls for a return to old-fashioned banking values





the right whey
molly pindell, n05, took her own path to making scrumptious, sustainable goat cheese





new accolade for the dental school
william j. gies award recognizes leadership in teaching, research, community service and diversity





combating a brand-new superbug
biomedical researchers launch a three-front assault on a potentially lethal bacterium





pow! women pop artists get their day
slideshow: new tufts art gallery exhibition highlights works hidden in the shadows for decades






1
2
3
4
5






burn like the sun
by chris berdik
luisa chiesa is testing superconducting cables for fusion power plants of the future
when most people think about using the sun’s energy, they envision dark solar panels quietly soaking up rays. but scientists such as chiesa see a better way.





event highlights

seductive subversion: women pop artists, 1958-1968 lyon & bendheim alumni lecture the threepenny opera the importance of being earnest 


briefs

new senior associate dean at fletcher school
bhaskar chakravorti will oversee international business and finance


exchange with india
tufts residents gain a world view of dental practice










hidden in plain sight
by helene ragovin
video: remco chang uses visual analytics to puzzle out secrets from financial fraud to terrorism
the emerging field is a way of sorting through a sea of data to find patterns and outliers that might otherwise have gone undetected.






the first self-help guide

by helene ragovin
in his new book, psychiatrist ronald pies looks to the talmud for lessons on how to become a mensch
mensch is the yiddish term for a person worth admiring and emulating, says pies.










crude awakening
by julie flaherty
what veterinarians are learning about rescuing wildlife trapped in our oily messes
on a sunny morning in mid-august, about 50 miles from the source of the deepwater horizon oil spill, a fishing boat commandeered for wildlife rescue edged up to a small island in louisiana’s shallow barataria bay.








people
an eye for detail
by marjorie howard
slideshow: on her daily photography excursions, lynn wiles finds beauty in the ordinary
at lunchtime, wiles leaves the filing cabinets and computer screen in her office in eaton hall in search of a different view.







a life of firsts
by laura ferguson
temba mudenda, d71, a pioneer in zambian health care, comes back to boston
forty years ago, mudenda graduated from tufts school of dental medicine and embarked on a career his american classmates could not begin to imagine. he returned to his native zambia to work as that african nation’s first dentist.















 this site




ask the professor

you ask the questions
tufts experts give the answers


will eating fruits and vegetables prevent cancers?
fang fang zhang, an assistant professor at the friedman school who specializes in nutritional influences on cancer risk, responds


is antifreeze no longer a worry for pets in massachusetts?
mary anna labato, v83, clinical professor at the cummings school, responds



from the archives

the spark of revolt
february 16, 2011


when health care is lost in translation
february 16, 2011


record applications for fall
january 31, 2011


dental force
january 18, 2011


rough and ready vaccine
january 18, 2011



people notes
accomplishments from the tufts community




calendar
catch up with events at tufts




contact us
send us your comments and story ideas




rss
keep up with our news via rss






© copyright 2011 tufts university



