
















technology







































































technology






























































































monday, december 2, 2013







phones





lg g2-phone
sporting smooth lines and slim dimensions, it's one good-looking phone.  it is quite wide, though (wider than the s4 and the htc one), so those with smaller hands might need some time adjusting their grip.  finish is extremely glossy, which lends itself very open to incurring plenty of smudges.
one of the notable design decisions here is the use of rear buttons, in place of putting them on the edges (volume rocker and sleep/power).  while reaching back does take some adjustment, it doesn't really feel any different.  in fact, i might actually prefer it given the phone's relative width.
display
sitting out front is a 5.2-inch ips display with 1,920 x 1,080 resolution that runs edge-to-edge against the 01.-inch bezel, making for quite the eye candy.  everything looks crisp, with vibrant colors and brightness that, we think, is ahead of the screen on other manufacturer's flagship android phones.
camera
a 13.0 megapixel camera sits in the rear of the g2, delivering sharp and colorful photos that, for the first time, brings lg's camera game up to par with other smartphone optics.  it's nowhere near the quality that nokia lumias can deliver, but it is mighty impressive.  we're especially stoked for the built-in optical image stabilization, which allowed for really sharp captures even while in motion.  1080p video recording was also great, with excellent audio to boot.  particularly impressive is the audio zooming function, which lets you control which audio sources the mics should focus on.
features
the lg g2 ships with android 4.2.2, with the usual roster of google apps, lg's proprietary additions, and various at&t software.  you know the drill.  we particularly like lg's apps, which include quick remote (universal remote using an ir blaster on top of the phone), qslide (multi-tasking window),  slide aside (three apps running at the same time, each one accessible with a swipe), clip tray (basically, a persistent clipboard), guest mode, and voice mate (basically, an s-voice alternative that's not really that good yet).  it comes with all the usual connectivity options on smartphones.
performance
powered by a 2.26ghz quad-core snapdragon 800, this phone is ultra-fast.  basically, you can launch anything you want and see it run very smoothly.
call quality was great, with voices sounding very clear on both ends of the line.  speakerphone is doubly impressive, with voices sounding deep and clear.  battery is rated at a generous 18 hours of talk time.
conclusion
overall, the lg g2 is a great smartphone -- one that does very well on all fronts.  it's easily the best phone lg has ever made and one that puts it in a competitive space with the current crop of flagship android handsets.   it's available now from at&t, priced at $199.99 on a new two-year agreement.





posted by



unknown




at

6:23 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest
















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2013

(1)





        ▼ 
      



december

(1)

phones










about me




unknown



view my complete profile











































simple theme. powered by blogger.
























