    pyro novelties - promotional products for any industry  
    skip to content




search for:



 homeshopcustom productsgraphic designpromo products websitepromo products catalogscustom apparelbanners & signsstationerycontact usbuy wholesale


login			

cart   /      $0.00





no products in the cart.

return to shop				


cart


no products in the cart.

return to shop				




  shop in stock items
online storeshop now

wholesale customer?minimum purchase to qualify as a wholesale customer is $500

  custom products
graphic designcreative graphics designed to elevate your brand.

promo productsthousands of items for all budgets big & small.

custom apparelscreen printing, embroidery, dye sublimation, heat transfers… you name it, we do it all.

banners & signseverything to attract customers to your location.

stationeryfrom business correspondence to social invitations, we offer it all.

specialty itemsunique gifts that speak to your creativity.
about uswe are a full-service promotional products company that specializes in providing products necessary to fireworks companies nationwide. outside of the fireworks industry, our pyro promos division caters to the custom production of promotional items for companies in all industries. we’ve built our business over the past 25 years by committing to the highest level of customer service while offering our customers great products and competitive pricing. we look forward to working with you to help bring your brand to life!browsehomeshopcustom productsgraphic designpromo products websitepromo products catalogscustom apparelbanners & signsstationerycontact usbuy wholesaleproud member




stay in touch
be the first to know the latest news in products, promotions, and more! choose your interest and stay in touch! (individual, wholesale business, or custom products)
join here











contact usterms and conditionsprivacy policy
copyright 2025 © pyro novelties, inc.
search for:



 homeshopcustom productsgraphic designpromo products websitepromo products catalogscustom apparelbanners & signsstationerycontact usbuy wholesale


login			

 login
username or email address *required

password *required


 remember me

 log in
lost your password?register
email address *required
a link to set a new password will be sent to your email address.
your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
 register            



