

















	personalised graduation gifts & university clothing | campus clothing





free uk delivery on all orders over £80!
×


























shop


about


personalise


sizes


contact/faqs







                                                    0
















 



                                welcome to campus clothing

                                official suppliers of graduation clothing & gifts to universities, colleges and schools uk wide. 
                            






welcome to campus clothing
to order graduation products type your institution name below



enter institute name





















                            get your own branded online graduation shop
let us set up and manage your online graduation merchandise store. students can browse, order and pay for their items securely online, and we'll print and ship them globally.
from our warwickshire hq we manage all elements of stock control, printing, personalisation of garments, fulfillment and customer service. you don't have to do a thing - just sit back and watch the commission role in! 
find out more










                            let the campus crew run your graduation day pop-up shop
we love bringing our graduation merchandise to campus and run 800+ pop-up shops at graduation ceremonies across the uk every year. our friendly events team will come onsite to set up and manage every aspect of your graduation shop - including taking payments securely.
students can come browse the range of merchandise available, and take home a graduation hoodie or t-shirt with their name printed on the back... along with other unique graduation merch!
find out more












                            personalised for students
we not only brand your graduation merchandise with your university identity, but also enable your students to make their mark too!








                            proven & trusted supplier
having collaborated with universities for over 30 years, we are a tried & trusted supplier. you can rely on us to get the job done (well).








                            fully outsourced service
we run every step of the process: stock control, print production, sales, marketing, fulfilment and customer service. leave all the hard work to us.










work with us
drop us an email and our friendly team will be in touch to help get the ball rolling









don't just take our word for it








i would recommend the campus clothing hoodies in terms of offering your customers a unique product. there was no effort on our behalf in receiving that extra commission.
glasgow caledonian university











working with the professional and friendly team at campus clothing fulfilled so many objectives for brookes. not only fundraising and offering a risk free, well-polished service but a range of products which both graduates and family members could get excited about. they dealt with everything from customer service to producing excellent promotional material. truly a fantastic supplier for us or any institution to partner with!
graduation manager, oxford brookes university











i know how much our graduates appreciate the personalised merchandise!
bangor university











"a big thank you to you and your team, as always you guys had been fab! ceremonies went well. please do pass on our ‘thank you’ to your colleagues."
birmingham city university











"campus clothing are brilliant to work with, with excellent customer service and communication. their team are polite and considerate on site. their products are really good quality and it's great customers can take home a keep sake after their graduations." 
university of the west of england











a great service and very professional. sophie dealt  with any queries efficiently and quickly.  the online shop was easy to use. the service from start to finish was faultless.
warwick school





















jobs


t&cs


privacy


sustainability


news


bespoke


login






                                        campus global ltd, unit 29,
                                        3 blick road, heathcote industrial unit,
                         warwick cv34 6ta.
                                        enquiries: 03333 403 474

                                        ©
                                        
                                        campus global ltd. company registration number: 07524358
                                    





                        made by sugarshaker














institution name




                                    lets go 






































