







the national association of congregational christian churches
























































































 









skip to content








    searchpastoral searchdonatecontact us 














  


search for:








about usabout the nacccabout congregationalismcongregational foundationmembershipmembership benefitsjoin nacccresourceschurch resourcesclergy resourcesunderstanding congregationalismfinancial supportmember church directorypastoral searchmember forumeducation & programsthe center for congregational leadershiplay ministry training program (lmtp)history & polity coursecongregational foundation for theological studies (cfts)missions & outreachmission partnersone great hour of sharing (oghs)mission news, needs, and prayer requestsnews & eventsannouncementsnewsletters & mailingsthe congregationalistmission newseventsget involvedsupport our workdonatevolunteer 


search for:








about usabout the nacccabout congregationalismcongregational foundationmembershipmembership benefitsjoin nacccresourceschurch resourcesclergy resourcesunderstanding congregationalismfinancial supportmember church directorypastoral searchmember forumeducation & programsthe center for congregational leadershiplay ministry training program (lmtp)history & polity coursecongregational foundation for theological studies (cfts)missions & outreachmission partnersone great hour of sharing (oghs)mission news, needs, and prayer requestsnews & eventsannouncementsnewsletters & mailingsthe congregationalistmission newseventsget involvedsupport our workdonatevolunteerabout usabout the nacccabout congregationalismcongregational foundationmembershipmembership benefitsjoin nacccresourceschurch resourcesclergy resourcesunderstanding congregationalismfinancial supportmember church directorypastoral searchmember forumeducation & programsthe center for congregational leadershiplay ministry training program (lmtp)history & polity coursecongregational foundation for theological studies (cfts)missions & outreachmission partnersone great hour of sharing (oghs)mission news, needs, and prayer requestsnews & eventsannouncementsnewsletters & mailingsthe congregationalistmission newseventsget involvedsupport our workdonatevolunteer 
















supporting ministry and
nurturing  fellowship among
congregational christian churches
in the name of christ
the national association of
congregational christian churches
uplifting congregational churches through support, resources, and programs
we are an association of individual congregational churches founded in fellowship and support of the congregational way. we seek to encourage community among our member churches and work to offer helpful resources, programs, and policies that support clergy and churches in their work for the kingdom of god.
about the naccc understanding the congregational way
fellowship, support, and resources
fellowship, support, and resources
find strength and encouragement in the naccc
guided by a group of dedicated volunteers, a thoughtful board of directors, and an attentive leadership council, the naccc works to serve member churches from across the nation. member churches benefit from mutual encouragement and support and are made stronger by accessing diverse resources and expertise.
strengthen your congregation with the naccc:
pastoral search
advising services
financial assistance
educational resources
membership benefits join the naccc
resources
resources
helping to meet the needs of your congregation
we work with diverse churches, volunteers, and other nonprofit organizations to create helpful resources that support, guide, and strengthen our member churches. our resources embody the collective knowledge, guidance, and experience of generations of congregational christian churches and are developed to help our members successfully manage the unique needs of their congregational faith and practice.
church resources
clergy resources
understanding
congregationalism
financial support
member church map directory
pastoral search
learn more about our resources
education opportunities
education opportunities
helping build skills that uplift congregations
we are committed to serving our member churches through education, training, and advising opportunities that help build skills and foster an understanding of emerging needs, trends, and challenges. the center for congregational leadership, was founded in 2008 to help steward our educational programs.
learn more
latest updates
latest updates
stay informed and prepared with naccc
it’s more important than ever to stay connected and informed. our naccc team is dedicated to providing you with the most up-to-date information on our community, congregational faith and practice, and the news and events of our fellowship.
  latest news
  naccc newsletters
  the congregationalist

new executive director announced!february 10, 2025|announcements|  the executive director search committee and the board of directors are excited to announce the selection of rev. dr. gerry krupp as the new executive director of the [...]read more


celebrating the life and legacy of rev. charles sagayjanuary 23, 2025|announcements, featured - mission news, needs, and prayer requests, missions|      we have learned of the passing of rev. charles sagay, the founder and continuing leader of the mission school of hope in cameroon, africa, [...]read more


one great hour of sharing –  2025 california wildfire reliefjanuary 16, 2025|announcements, oghs|as the california wildfires continue to cause devastation across the los angeles area, the national association of congregational christian churches (naccc) is closely monitoring the needs of those impacted. the mission [...]read more

view all announcements 
our events
join our members in fellowship
the naccc works to foster an open environment for our member churches to express congregationalism and build fellowship and community among them. we host events and an annual gathering every year to come together and to make important decisions that are common to our interests.
annual meeting & conference    minister convocation youth gathering other events
support our work
supporting our work
committing to congregationalism
aiding in mission & outreach programs
to better support our member churches in their mission and outreach initiatives we created the mission and outreach ministry council (momc). momc serves as the missionary agent of our member churches to provide oversight of the use of funds, to counsel churches in the area of their missionary concern, and help to stimulate the spreading of the gospel of jesus christ in ways that keep with the basic principle of the congregational christian churches.
mission & outreach programs
get involved
our national association grows and thrives through enthusiastic and faithful support from member churches, individual donors, foundations, corporations, and associations committed to congregationalism. we rely on the active engagement of our member churches in the life of the national association as they provide financial contributions, provide volunteers for leadership, and participate in the naccc activities and events.
find ways to contribute ways to volunteer
connect with the naccc team
if you have any questions or would like to know more about the naccc, please send us a message. we look forward to hearing from you!
contact us




 
 






 

contact
 414-856-1620




8473 s. howell avenue
po box 288
oak creek, wi 53154

 

connect
  join now
 staff & leadership directory
  
 

support
donate now
 

 
 
 





		©  national association of congregational christian churches. all rights reserved. | website handcrafted by ocreative 


facebookxinstagrampinterest
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link













receive our e-newsletter on the 1st and 15th of each month --> 


subscribe



























 
 

 
 




x

 









x

 









x

 













































































































































 



go to top




