













home - montessori school of herndon






home - montessori school of herndon





























































































 













skip to toolbar

log inhubbli supportsearch 














login




skip to content
home
about us
our classes

pre primary
primary
lower elementary


admissions
contact us
calendar
gallery
news & stories
 


 






montessori school of herndon

 
 




































home






now enrolling
discounts available! tours available every weekday!

learn more >











affiliated institution
montessori school of herndon is a recognized american montessori society affiliate.







optimal environment
kids learn best in spaces that promote friendly growth, not hyper-competitiveness.







social-emotional skills
studies show montessori education encourages stronger social-emotional skills in many areas compared to traditional classrooms







worldwide use
the montessori method is utilized across the globe for its efficacy and results.








our classes
our school has three class options available











we provide three classes for children between the ages of 12 months and 12 years.

our classes range from pre-k to lower-elementary because it’s never too early to get ahead. our class sizes are small enough that each student receives the attention they need but big enough that our students can learn and grow together.












pre-primary


1 – 3
year olds


5 – 1
class ratio


read more 





primary


3 – 6
year olds


10 – 1
class ratio


read more 





elementary


6 – 12
year olds


12 – 1
class ratio


read more 
















words cannot express our appreciation for the care, education, and kindness [msh has] shown to logan and our family over the past two years. we so value each and every one of the teachers and staff who have embraced logan’s imagination and curiosity.
— with so much gratitude and a promise to return periodically, logan’s family












questions and answers

gardening and outdoor activitites


kids get hands-on with the natural world, learning about plants, how to care for them, and why they are an important part of our ecosystem.

language teaching


a strong base of reading and writing sets up our students for long-term success. students learn to understand and create meaning with language. foreign languages are introduced at all levels with a primary focus on spanish.

scientific investigation opportunities


scientific investigation is a core concept at the montessori school of herndon. learning through experimentation and experience develops deeper understandings.

does montessori school of herndon provide before/after care?


please call us for more information on before/after care.







class hours per year


practical life

165
 hours

motor skills

125
 hours

language

90
 hours












the education we provide
how montessori school of herndon facilitates success.







non-traditional
our curriculum strays from the beaten path to engage students at a deeper level by piquing curiosity and building on interests.







comprehensive
students are faced with challenges from multiple academic lenses in a comprehensive and encompassing approach.







developmental
our goal is to provide avenues for children to gain a developmental edge and prepare them for the rest of their scholastic career.










personalized
we recognize that every child is different and aim to incorporate their individuality in the classroom to create rich learning experiences.







non-sectarian
our curriculum focuses on teaching art and science from a young age to improve long term academic success in today’s world.







experienced
montessori school of herndon is one of the oldest and best recognized educational institutions in northern virginia.






more about us >






contact us
drop us a line








postal address
montessori school of
herndon
840 dranesville road
herndon, va 20170







phone & e-mail
phone: 703-437-8229
msherndon84@gmail.com







business hours
monday – friday
7:30 am – 5:30 pm
closed weekends







latest photos
with education and experience in early childhood care















about us
montessori school of herndon provides quality preschool, kindergarten and elementary education(k-6) and childcare.



our features
to ensure a total and effective education we make sure our school pursues:

 science and art classes
 positive learning environment
 gardening and outdoor activities
 writing and reading classes



recent posts


forms
parents, here are the forms you’ll need to enroll your child:

 application for admissions
 health form
 medical authorization
 emergency release form
 employment application






















                    copyright © 2025 montessori school of herndon  ·  designed by buddyboss 















 












@
not recently active
































































