





	preschool pictures | child care center portraits | lifetouch

































toggle navigation






photography programcentershow it workslifetouch differencepicture day remindersclassroom printablesfaqcontact usfamiliesget ready for picture dayoutfit ideasorder nowfaqcontact usgallerycontact usblog











preschool & child care photography programs for everyone
we specialize in capturing beautiful pictures of infants to toddlers for preschools and daycares nationwide. our photographers are passionate about getting genuine smiles, and expressions from every child. take a look at why we are the leading experts in preschool photography.  

  

program overview
   
  

get ready for your picture day
   
  

contact us
    
 



i've been in the child care field for over 20 years and highly recommend lifetouch preschool portraits. the photographers are patient and know how to get children to relax and smile. the portrait quality is much higher than other photography companies.
chris, assistant director aurora co





lifetouch photographers and customer service representatives are top-notch. the portraits are a great value compared to other companies and parents love the choice of backgrounds.
priscilla, assistant director arlington tx





the smilesafe kids program and complimentary id's, staff badges and class pictures are just a few of the reasons why we love lifetouch more than any other photography company we've used.
angela, director/owner carrollton tx





i received our preschool portraits yesterday. once again they are outstanding! your photographers do an excellent job interacting and coaxing smiles from even the more resistant children. i receive calls from many different photography companies throughout the year. i turn them all away because i know i can count on the professionalism, great customer service and excellent portrait quality from lifetouch preschool portraits.
judi, director woodbridge va





i just want to personally thank lifetouch for the wonderful experience that we had yesterday. we had bill as our photographer. he was so kind and gentle with our children. not one child was upset or cried. i even had parents approach me to tell me how he got their child to laugh or smile and that no other photographer has done this before. we certainly will request bill next time!
nicole emory, director absecon nj








check out our blog for picture day inspiration





creating a memorable graduation!
let's get creative!  here is an idea to get your children's imagination going this graduation season.
read more  



spring photography, inspiring kids to "be you"
spring photography encourages children to let their personality shine through.
read more  



picture day helpers make a difference
picture day helpers make a huge impact on ensuring an easier and quicker picture day. check out how you can help your preschool!
read more  







    
follow us on 




lifetouch
terms of service
privacy policy
california privacy rights
accessibility  

© 2025 lifetouch, inc. all rights reserved.   













