







	csca | home























































test





test











english
français



 contact us     |   











login







use your username and chosen password to log in to the members area. click the forgot password to generate a new password.





username



password



forgot password?


                                                    remember me
                                                


login



new here? create an account



forgot password


email






go back to login



new here? create an account











create an account







email





confirm email







password





confirm password

































ok



























                                            member login
























home coach registration refund policyf.a.q.news about us board of directorscsca policiescontact usprofessional development national conferenceregional conferencesrespect in sportsnc  e-learningnccpais female performance & health initiativejob board resourcesfacilitiesconcussion eating for healthequity diversity & inclusion swim newscoach recognitioncsca hall of fameawardsnational teamscoach of the day2024 olympic and paralympic trials


















                                csca professional development
                            












about csca 

                                    about
                                    
                                    cscta
                                













                                csca job board 
                            















welcome to csca

                            welcome to the canadian swimming coaches association.  founded in 1966 and incorporated in 1991 the csca now serves a membership of over 3000 coaches from the grassroots to olympic levels.  the four pillars of the organization are professional development, recognition, ingenuity and operations.

























  what we do  our purposeto support the professionalization and the further development of swim coaches in canada.  our visionbe a world leading coaching communityour missionto create the environment necessary for canadian swim coaches to learn, thrive and succeed in the swimming landscapeto govern, represent and protect the interests of canadian swim coaches. 





annie wolfe joins team aquatic supplies as quebec sales representative2025-02-18 12:00 amteam aquatic supplies (tas) is thrilled to announce the addition of annie wolfe as our new quebec sales representative. with an extensive background in coaching and a deep passion for swimming, annie will play a vital role in expanding tas’s presence throughout the province.read morecsca to launch grassroots coach development series2025-02-14 12:00 amthe canadian swimming coaches association (csca) is proud to announce the launch of a 5-part series designed specifically for grassroots-level coaches. this series offers practical tools, expert guidance, and innovative strategies to help coaches build strong foundations for young swimmers.read morecsca announces successful candidates for professional development cohorts2024-12-01 12:00 amthe canadian swimming coaches association (csca) is thrilled to announce the successful candidates for its 2024 professional development cohorts, which are already underway.read more22 coaches awarded inaugural doug perks coach development fund grants2024-11-21 12:00 amthe canadian swimming coaches association (csca) is proud to announce the 22 recipients of the inaugural grants from the doug perks coach development fund. 

read morecanadian swim coaches association announces three hall of fame inductees2024-09-16 12:00 amthe canadian swim coaches association is proud to announce two coaches who have attended multiple olympics and a long-time volunteer in the swim community as this year’s inductees into its hall of fame.read moreview more  

















like us on facebook











                    copyright © 2025 canadian swimming coaches association (csca).                     
                












