

























 























a bare affair strippers north carolina - south carolina exotic dancers





 








































party strippers delivered











female strippersmale stripperscontactfaqnow hiring















twitter-square








facebook-square








logo-pinterest












a bare affair strippers
turbo charge your party with dancers


call us today
book your stripper




good times made easy
since 1992 - we bring the party to you!
from a weekend bachelor party to a fun-filled bachelorette party, a bare affair strippers has the entertainment that will make your get-together a success. it's just as memorable for the birthday boy as it will be for your guests. professional exotic dancers are what you need to jazz up private events. from stripograms to birthdays, we have a service that is just right for your gathering.the professional dancers we represent are highly experienced and always ready to make your event super fun and hot! we specialize in high-quality stripping performances from the best female and male mobile strippers in the area.


contact us




 jazz up your party
get ready to experience the carolina's best choice to order party time entertainment for adults.
 from mild to wild
they can be as wholesome and fun as you like or as wild and raunchy as your guests can handle. you choose the degree of entertainment and we deliver!
 the original online stripper service
for over 30 years thousands of party planners have trusted our long running service to make special events a 5 star good time.











female strippers
bachelor parties and birthdays are more extraordinary and entertaining with sexy female exotic dancers. no bait and switch! view real photos of our exclusive performers.



arrow-circle-right








male strippers
our fun male dancers with fabulous physiques are what your bachelorette party needs to spice it up. no need to hit the male revue, we bring it to you! check out actual photos of the guys to wow any bride or birthday girl.



arrow-circle-right



























the surefire way to make your party more exciting
when you book entertainment for your event with a bare affair strippers you are getting more than just any strippers for hire - you will be getting the peace of mind that you have dancers who will show up and be who you expected. you and your friends deserve more than just a basic lap dance and in-and-out show. our awesome strip shows are high energy, naughty, and better than any strip club in town! view the hottest strippers with their exciting party performance like you do in adult night clubs. bachelorette parties love our top-notch male hunks, and a bachelor party will not be the same without our sensational female strip shows.













 call now




  reach out to us












house party strippers delivered
when you order strippers to come to your private location, then what happens at your party stays at your party! we do what it takes to make your night one for the history books and earn your repeat business. a bare affair strippers perform eye-popping shows and provide the best exotic dancers in north carolina. getting the perfect girl or guy will make throwing a fabulous party that everyone will remember. prices vary from show to show. we cover most cities in nc with top notch adult entertainment. it's not viable to give out a price on our website so the best option is to contact us for a price quote. 
professional north carolina exotic dancers
from hendersonville to kill devil hills, nc, we have the best performers in western north carolina. let us send you striptease artists anywhere in mecklenburg county. enjoy exotic shows with a male stripper in winston-salem and lexington, nc. have a gathering with the best strippers pinehurst and southern pines has to offer. you can order a sensation event entertainer for boone and wadesboro. atlantic beach and carolina beach can order striptease ladies to their beach house. hire a professional stripper in wilmington, nc, or ocean isle beach. vacation homes in lake lure and whittier are a great place for a private party that is beyond burlesque. if you are looking for strippers near me in north carolina, we have you covered.























north carolina locations





asheville




blowing rock




bryson city




charlotte




gastonia




greensboro




hickory




nags head




raleigh




shelby




surf city, nc




winston salem




don't see your city or town? we cover all of north carolina. just hit the click to call button at the bottom of the page and we can tell you about the options.









hire south carolina strippers
along with the tarheel state, we also bring spice and excitement to the palmetto state! well-built and fit professional strippers in south carolina are available in many parts of the state. our sc stripping men and women arrive with smiles and magnetic moves to turn your celebration into an unforgettable good time. 
from fort mill to rock hill, your special event in upstate sc will be hugely successful. whether you're throwing a divorce party to a graduation party, male and female strippers will make your day. find out why people love booking our amazing strippers for events that are great with results your guests will love.


discover the secret to successful events


strippers for hire deliver fun to your special occasion and leave you with fabulous memories of the good times your guests had at the celebration. absolutely stunning girls provide a great show that will give your friends a lasting memory of a fantastic time. 

our sexy ladies will entertain you at your private location. from a hotel suite to a rental property or just at your place, we blow away the strip club. bachelor party strippers from a professional entertainment agency are the party planning tip of the year for 2025.


use a professional adult entertainment company


we have been in business since 1992 - over thirty years! - with thousands of customers who love our professional stripper event planning service. schedule the perfect stripper at your place today with our elite stripper company. strip shows with lap dances at your place is the best activity for theme parties. your guest will enjoy putting tips in the thong of a happy dancer and you will look like the host of the year.


how to hire bachelor party strippers


do you have a question? the next thing you need to do is visit our company faq and get info on payment, tipping, and selection. it's a piece of cake to hire top-notch entertainers for a bachelor or birthday party. for last-minute bookings, we highly recommend calling to check availability. 












4





south carolina strippers

charleston strippersmyrtle beach strippersrock hill strippers




quick links

contact 

services

faq




about

employment

privacy policy

terms of service







twitter-square








facebook-square








logo-pinterest







want personalized recommendations?

reach out and speak to a party planner


get started














@1992-2025 a bare affair strippers north carolina contact me



       

 call now 704-940-8259

   













