

pt cruiser oil consumption problems. buy a pt cruiser ?
















pt cruiser oil consumption problems. buy a pt cruiser ?




*is a new chrysler pt cruiser that consumes at least a quart or more of oil 
every 1,000 miles acceptable?
*ferman automotive service dept. 
stated that one quart of oil consumed every 1,000 miles  is acceptable oil consumption 




*does your chrysler suffer from a excessive oil consumption problem they do not know how to repair ? 
*important note: all vehicles with the same or similar engine as the pt cruiser may suffer 
from the same oil consumption problems



*click here to bookmark pt cruiser problems*





      home


my pt cruiser story


pt cruiser problems
      service record




a 
      solution that works for some pt cruisers



pt cruiser owner complaints

pt cruiser links










tell me about your
      

pt cruiser oil problems



pt cruiser owner complaints

(all links below open in 
      new window)


free lemon check

      (found under free services) 


      pt cruiser problems



yahoo group




subscribe to ptcruiserproblems













powered by autos.groups.yahoo.com







chrysler problems sites



daimler chrysler problems

don't buy one 2.7 liter eng



chrysler launders lemons


chrysler resells lemons

chrysler problems page



daimler chrysler 
      issues




mitsubishi sucks

do not buy dodge


places to file a complaint


the center for auto safety

national highway traffic admin
ftc 
      consumer protection
your state attorney 
      general


chrysler corporation


additional useful sites



recalls & tsb's

(pt listed as chrysler 
      truck)



steer clear of lemons




a/c odor solution that should be performed by dealer


pt cruizer.com

pt do it yourself

pt cruiser links

just for fun


      chase the dots

pt cruiser
      oil consumption problem
my pt cruiser consumes oil at the rate of a quart or more 
      every thousand miles. 
      read my story to see how it turns out that my
      pt cruiser 
      had the exact same problem with the prior owner. 
      
      ferman automotive 
      contacted him after failing to repair the problem. ferman 
      reacquired the vehicle, 
      giving the prior owner his choice of a new one from 
      the lot. see how many additional times they have failed 
      to repair the oil consumption problem.


 


my pt 
      cruiser story
 
pt 
      cruiser problems
      service record
 


tell me about your
      

pt cruiser oil problems
 

pt cruiser 
      owner complaints


breaking news:
      notice to all problem pt owners:
      file your complaints here today:

      http://autosafety.org/fileacomplaint.php 
      this consumer advocate group is making some head way with problems in 
      another chrysler engine the 2.7l. 
(note: the 
      pt has a 2.4l engine)
      you can read more about that here 
      http://www.dontbuyone.org 

      file the same information with the nhtsa

      http://www-odi.nhtsa.dot.gov/ivoq/index.cfm 

      this is the best way to get results from your complaint. 

      please do so asap even if you do not have the car anymore, autosafety.org 
      acted after receiving 92 complaints. if you take the time as i have to 
      file your complaints at the above sites as a group we can make an impact.

      best regards,
      shawn


internal chrysler "daimlerchrysler" documents revealed

daimlerchrysler is currently avoiding problems 
      such as excessive oil consumption that should be covered under warranty, 
      which will usually eventually lead to complete engine failure. to avoid 
      defective engine warranty claims, chrysler sends internal memo to dealers 
      stating that acceptable oil consumption for chrysler engines below 50,000 
      miles is one quart per 1,000 miles driven! acceptable oil consumption for 
      chrysler engines with over 50,000 miles is one quart per 750 miles! are we 
      the only group that finds this also absolutely ridiculous and 
      unacceptable? chrysler also states that these are the industry standards? 
      we would like to know what industry chrysler is in? this is clearly a scam 
      to push consumers beyond warranty period. 

 

strange enough, we called 10 different non 
      dodge, chrysler, jeep dealerships; the service departments of dealerships 
      including ford, gm, honda, toyota, volvo, nissan and kia and ironically 
      none of these dealerships found this type of oil consumption acceptable 
      with their own vehicles they service. once again we question how this type 
      of excessive oil consumption is in anyway acceptable where there are non 
      dodge, chrysler, jeep vehicles with over 200,000 miles on them that 
      consume far less oil.

 

consumers should know that we are completely 
      limited from posting the actual document in a readable form due to 
      potential legal liability. after all, chrysler's internal documents state 
      the following: no part of any technical information may be reproduced, 
      stored, in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, 
      electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without the 
      prior written permission of daimlerchrysler corporation. what could they 
      be hiding in these internal documents?

 

 

disclaimer - we will not be held responsible 
      for content submitted by other consumers and information, chrysler dealers 
      actively provide regardless. additionally, this website is in no way 
      affiliated with daimlerchrysler or any of its affiliates.    

reprinted 
      with permission
      source: 
http://www.daimlerchryslervehicleproblems.com 


 

are you 100% sure your pt cruiser does not 
      consume oil?

personal tip: 
      check your oil level yourself regularly. at the very least check it before 
      and after every oil change for own knowledge.


pt cruiser oil consumption problems, buy a pt cruiser ?

please fill out this form below to send me 
information about your 
pt cruiser or chrysler oil consumption, a/c problems, or other serious issues.

you may also email me directly at :

webmaster@ptcruiserproblems.com











pt cruiser
      web ring
 by clickcents.com [ join now | ring hub | random |  prev | next   ] 











pt cruiser web ring  [ join now | ring hub | random | prev | next ] 







pt cruiser fans  by hanks_john [ join now | ring hub | random |  prev | next ] 




pt cruiser oil consumption problems. buy a pt cruiser ?


copyright © ptcruiserproblems.com. this 
website is not affiliated with daimlerchrysler corporation or any 
daimlerchrysler affiliates. all trademarks and logos are registered trademarks 
of their respectful owners. this website is not intended in anyway to slander 
this manufacture or dealer because the truth does not constitute slander. as 
consumers we are entitled to reasonable freedom of speech and personal opinion 
in regards to negative experiences with this manufacture and dealer. we 
appreciate your support!

