



twilight zone | complete episode guides for the original twilight zone, new twilight zone, upn twilight zone and rod serling's night gallery | john's twilight zone page | the croc's domain








the croc's domain
john's twilight zone page

search query 









main page
new earl hamner, jr. essay
twilight zone episode guide
new tz episode guide
upn tz episode guide
night gallery episode guide
night visions episode guide
twilight zone dvds
twilight zone: uk forum
tz repeat performances
twilight zone openings
twilight zone links
twilight zone downloads
twilight zone reviews
twilight zone: the movie
twilight zone radio dramas
rod serling conference - ithaca college
talky tina replica
twilight zone message board
sign my guestbook
view my guestbook
tower of terror
email me
various links
facebook
the daily sentinel
the lufkin daily news
my space
twitter
tyler morning telegraph




twilight zone





john crockercreate your badge
 
 
 








original twilight zone
        



the first "twilight zone" episode i saw was 'stopover in a quiet town'.  
i was amazed!  i had never seen a show quite like this before.  thanks to the sci-fi channel, i am getting to 
watch all of them again.  in my opinion, they have all held up really well over time.  i haven't watched one 
yet that i really disliked.  some were weaker than others, but considering the high level the best 
achieved, even the weaker episodes were great!  also, check out my original twilight zone episode guide.



the new twilight zone
i also enjoyed many of the "new twilight zone" (1985-89) episodes as well.  'a message from charity', 
'her pilgrim soul' and 
'a matter of minutes' are just a few of the excellent scripts that came from 
the "new twilight zone" series.  i have a new twilight zone episode guide, but for a more in-depth look at the series, you 
may want to check this page:  "steve and marta's 'the new twilight zone' page".  
i also have a upn twilight zone episode guide.

rod serling's night gallery
i have a night gallery episode guide, as well.  as you probably 
know, this was more of a horror-type show than the "twilight zone".  while some episodes were great, others fell far short.  i do remember watching the 
opening as a child, and it was very scary!  some of the episodes were intense, but compared to today's tv fare, not as intense as i seem to remember.  i particularly liked 
the series' pilot episode:  'the cemetery' was a great ghost story, 'eyes' had a wicked twist-ending, and 'the escape route' was an excellent tale of final justice.


top 10 best episodes of the twilight zone





| copyright © 1996- by john crocker. all rights reserved |




