















hawthorn woods, il - official website | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in














 












search







 
 
 

 










 





 
 
 





    government      services      community      how do i  


 

 

 

 




 
















 






  
 
 

 














about this photo










 
 
 











 














public safety








transparency








parks & recreation








special events








contact us










 
 
 

























 







news & announcements







	stay up to date with us
 






  
 














hawthorn woods aquatic center season passes  now available at early bird rates 


hawthorn woods aquatic center season passes purchased now through march 31 will receive 10% off!						read on...







wings & talons raptor show 


the wings & talons raptor show is coming to the hawthorn woods village hall barn on february 28th!						read on...







introducing recycle coach 


recycle coach is an interactive app designed to provide residents with waste, recycling, and landscape information unique to your address, disposal decisions, and learning modules for all ages.						read on...







parks and recreation summer 2025 brochure 


take a look at the hawthorn woods parks and recreation summer 2025 brochure to start planning your summer fun. contents include woodchucks summer camp, summer special events, and the hawthorn woods aquatic center.						read on...







now hiring summer seasonal staff 


come work with us! the parks & recreation department is looking for enthusiastic individuals aged 16 and older to be part of our team this summer. apply now and make the most of your summer with us!						read on...







spring youth soccer registration 


registration is open for the spring edition of the popular hawthorn woods youth soccer league which will begin on april 8th.						read on...







hawthorn woods continues excellence in financial reporting 


the village of hawthorn woods has received the certificate of achievement for excellence in financial reporting from the government finance officers association for the 18th consecutive year.						read on...







snow plow know how 


during the winter season, the village conducts snow and ice removal efforts on village owned streets. the village’s public works department offers tips and guidelines to help ensure snow plow operations are accomplished in a safe and effective manner.						read on...







view the parks and recreation winter/spring 2025 e-brochure 


check out what is happening in hawthorn woods this upcoming winter and spring! the parks and recreation winter/spring 2025 e-brochure is available online. registration is open for all winter and spring programs.						read on...







bark in the park 


bring your family, friends, and all dogs to venture through community park for the annual hawthorn woods bark in the park event being held on saturday, april 12!						read on...







view all




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 







upcoming events







	mark your calendar
 






  
 










feb
18	


police pension board meeting

police pension board meetingread on






feb
24	


village board of trustees meeting

village board of trustees meetingread on






feb
25	


planning, building and zoning commission meeting

planning, building and zoning commission meetingread on






feb
26	


hawthorn woods in bloom meeting

hawthorn woods in bloom meetingread on




view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



 







spotlight on hawthorn woods







	see what is currently happening here
 






  
 
 













about us 

on march 10, 1958, the formation of the village of hawthorn woods was approved by a unanimous vote of the 71 residents who formed the original residents of our community.				read more











keep in touch 

stay up-to-date with news and happenings with the village of hawthorn woods. we invite you to subscribe to our weekly e-blasts, and follow us on social media.				read on...











an international dark sky community 

the village of hawthorn woods is designated as an international dark sky community by the international dark-sky association, an organization dedicated to preserving the night sky from the negative effects of artificial light.				read on...










/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 
















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







	2 lagoon drive
hawthorn woods, il 60047


	phone: 847-438-5500


	fax: 847-438-1459
 






  
 







quick links







freedom of information requests



lake county, illinois government



living with wildlife



election & voting information



employment opportunities









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







helpful links







home



copyright notices



site map



accessibility



contact us









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









