






 aussie rescue in michigan












































aussie rescue in michigan
a rescue for australian shepherd dogs in the michigan area.







welcome to asrim



the australian shepherd rescue in michigan (asrim) was founded in 2006.  it is a non-profit canine rescue organization recognized by the irs as a 501(c) (3) public charity.  it is also registered as a charitable trust by the state of michigan.  asrim supports the rescue, fostering, veterinary care, grooming, boarding and adoption of australian shepherds primarily in michigan, but also in contiguous states and provinces as resources allow.  asrim rescues dogs and places them in foster homes until adopters can be found.
each one of our dogs is tested for the mdr-1 gene before being placed in their new home.
asrim is supported by 50+ unpaid volunteers who help to transport, pull aussies from shelters, fund-raise, do home visits for potential adopters and most important of all open their homes to foster the dogs who are waiting for their forever homes. since 2014, asrim has taken in and placed over 120 australian shepherds and given them their forever homes.
we have tested 55 dogs for the mdr-1 gene since we received our australian shepherd club of america’s grant in december of 2015.
in the past few years we have had 3 dogs treated for heart worm disease. one dog had tplo surgery. one dog had fho surgery and after surgery required water therapy. youngest dog we took in was 6 months old—-oldest dog was 13 years old.
we rely on the tireless efforts of our volunteers and the donations of our supporters to help in our rescue and rehabilitation efforts. if you have an aussie that you love, know someone who does or just love the breed, please consider making a donation to asrim. your donation is tax-deductible.











search for:





recent posts


(no title)


welcome to the aussie rescue in michigan!


recent commentsniccole bussard on welcome to the aussie rescue in michigan!archives

may 2014

categories

uncategorized


meta

register log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

pages

welcome to asrim

adopt an aussie
contact asrim!
fundraising activities
information
volunteer information








proudly powered by wordpress | theme: dusk to dawn by automattic.				








