




world association of girl guides and girl scouts - wagggs






























                    this website uses cookies. by continuing you accept our privacy and cookies policy.
                

find out more
ok














                
                    
                    go
                
            










logo




            
                global opportunities
            
        
            
                support us
            
        
            
                volunteer
            
        
            
                events
            
        
            
                our world
            
        
                            
                                regions
                            
                        
                            
                                world centres
                            
                        
            
                resources
            
        


about us


blog


news


shop


contact us

donate









eng


fra


esp


الع












we are the largest voluntary movement dedicated to empowering girls and young women in the world.









        opportunity
    

        world thinking day
    

        world thinking day (22 february) is the girl guiding and girl scouting day of international friendship. you can join a global challenge called 'walk the world' running from world thinking day to earth day
    






        opportunity
    

        meet global advocacy champions 2025
    

        we are proud to introduce a new, exciting network of global advocacy champions who will participate in the 69th un commission on the status of women (csw) from 10 to 21 march 2025.
    






        news
    

        introducing girls for green energy”
    

        in celebration of the international day of women and girls in science, the world association of girl guides and girl scouts (wagggs) is thrilled to announce its partnership with siemens energy.
    






        opportunity
    

        international women's day 2025
    

        by donating to wagggs you'll be helping to create an equal world where all girls can thrive.
    






girl guides and girl scouts are changing the world across five regions.our regions
                        western hemisphere
                    
                        africa
                    
                        arab
                    
                        europe
                    
                        asia pacific
                    our cabañamexicopax lodgeukour chaletswitzerlandkusafiriacross africasangamindiaour world centersour cabaña, mexicopax lodge, ukour chalet, switzerlandkusafiri, across africasangam, india



what we do
        non-formal education
    
        we offer educational programmes, and 'international day' campaigns developed with the technical expertise of our world-class partners.
    
        leadership development
    
        we provide a range of resources and training opportunities to support girls and women's on-going leadership development.
    
        girl-led advocacy
    
        we support girls and young women to influence people to make decisions that will bring about an equal world where all girls can thrive.
    
        capacity building
    
        we help national girl guiding and girl scouting associations to understand their strengths and their weaknesses and support them to develop and grow.
    




our latest on twitter@wagggsworldfollow ussign up for updates from wagggs






            by supporting our movement you'll be helping girls and young women around the world to be the best they can be. change her future. change the world.
        

            donate now
        






                    
                        contact us
                    
                
                    
                        work with us
                    
                
                    
                        visit our shop
                    
                
                    
                        privacy & cookies
                    
                
                    
                        terms & conditions
                    
                registered charity no. 1159255 (england & wales)logo













