









ocala style magazine





































































































 





 





skip to content







primary menu
stories

features
promotional features
departments


social scene
blog

community spotlight


calendar
home delivery

my account


advertise

submit artwork


get your copy
more

about us
contact us
issues archive
social media & giveaway policy


cart
 


search for:













  view this month's digital edition



















combining resources

						the newly organized marion county fall prevention coalition is working to address...					



a journey of self disco...

						julianne stowell created a new life and earned a national award. sometimes...					

 







ocala style features








                  saving siena                

                  the family of a 9-year-old dunnellon girl with a rare...                










                  combining resources                

                  the newly organized marion county fall prevention coalition is working...                










                  a journey of self discovery                

                  julianne stowell created a new life and earned a national...                










                  celebrating cookies                

                  for many, one true sign of the holidays is when...                










                  in the spirit of the season                

                  bringing joy, happiness and smiles is the goal of ocala’s...                










                  welcome to the 2024 guide to charitable giving                

                  as we embark on another year of community growth and...                






 more style features

ocala style departments
insider
city events, personal stories and newsworthy happenings.








                  vows | jan/feb 2025 | fortin                

                  venue: the treasury on the plaza, st. augustine photographer: wildalys...                










                  vows | jan/feb 2025 | runge                

                  venue: college of central florida vintage farm photographer: joleigh budd,...                










                  vows | jan/feb 2025 | schultz                

                  venue: ceremony at blessed trinity catholic church; reception at protea...                










                  doing good – combining equestrian sports ...                

                  the inaugural children’s charity classic will help 10 local nonprofits...                






 promotional features








                  lennar mid-florida quality, value and integrity                

                  unique opportunities for home ownership nick crowe, division president for...                










                  the fix aesthetic clinic | age confidently!                

                  752 e. silver springs blvd. • ocala, fl 34470 (352)...                










                  the community foundation for ocala/marion count...                

                  newgate realty — equestrian farms & estates (859) 621-0829 /...                










                  drivable destination: longboat key                

                  get away and unwind on the serene shores of longboat...                






 more promotional features

 living
your dose of inspiration for life, adventure and home.








                  an artistic milestone                

                  founded in 1950, the ocala art group is celebrating its...                










                  a little bit about … marion county judge ...                

                  marion county judge leann mackey-barnes is a marion county native....                










                  “real florida”                

                  people have been coming to silver springs for many thousands...                










                  to your health                

                  emily paglia, left, joined her mother-in-law jill paglia in creating...                






 table
food, wine, spirits and entertaining, let us inspire your next memorable meal.








                  to your health                

                  emily paglia, left, joined her mother-in-law jill paglia in creating...                










                  ocala cooks | isabelle jean-obrien                

                  baking has long been a hobby for isabelle jean-obrien, vice...                










                  ocala cooks | crissie trussell                

                  crissie trussell is with senior helpers, a private duty home...                










                  summer soiree                

                  take advantage of the great outdoors and throw a party with...                






 culture
exploring ocala’s growing art scene and introducing the community’s up-and-coming artists.








                  wild beauty                

                  mindy lighthipe works from both sides of her brain and...                










                  be our guest                

                  to set the scene in style, we turned to expert...                










                  well read                

                  marion county is blessed with an abundance of talented creators,...                










                  hygge for the holidays                

                  patricia tomlinson, the appleton museum of art curator of exhibitions,...                






 health








                  individualizing patient care                

                  dr. mark lupo will lecture on thyroid nodules and cancer...                










                  scientist, inventor to lecture at ihmc                

                  michael larson will discuss enhancing wellness through sensory stimulation: an...                










                  mind flight                

                  ihmc senior research scientist kevin gluck will speak about the...                










                  sleep and weight: is there a connection?                

                  consistent, quality sleep is important for maintaining a healthy weight....                






 more from departments

 digital exclusives








                  an artistic milestone                

                  founded in 1950, the ocala art group is celebrating its...                










                  vows | jan/feb 2025 | fortin                

                  venue: the treasury on the plaza, st. augustine photographer: wildalys...                










                  vows | jan/feb 2025 | runge                

                  venue: college of central florida vintage farm photographer: joleigh budd,...                










                  vows | jan/feb 2025 | schultz                

                  venue: ceremony at blessed trinity catholic church; reception at protea...                






 
























follow usocala style magazine








  © magnolia media company
po box 188ocala, fl 34478
phone: 352.732.0073
contact us
 

submit artwork
get ocala style (locations)
terms and conditions
privacy policy
 







 navigation




ocala style magazine
stories

featurespromotional featuresdepartments back
social sceneblog

community spotlight back
calendarhome delivery

my account back
advertise

submit artwork back
get your copymore

about uscontact usissues archivesocial media & giveaway policy back
cart

			× close panel		









become a style insider

       join our mailing list
email address 
















			close			


 



































 


