






actnow



































































actnow







proudly serving customers since 2001! 







 



 
home















 
my account















 
faq















 
 24 hour sales and support















 
 








 
 
domain names

find a domain private domain registration domain transfer bulk transfer domain backorder

web hosting

easy web hosting hosting packages

ssl certificates

secure server certificates

email

check my web mail

build a website

website maker simple website start your own website starting your own blog






x 














need help? call us at 1-480-624-2500.  we are here to help 24 hours a day! 






 
free ssl



 
superfast hosting



 
easy setting















 our services 



pick a box below 







get a domain name 







create a website 







build a blog 











web hosting 







secure certificates 







email 















easy way to get online 



 










 
easy to use






 our website builder is easy to use for non-techies – just point and click and your website is done – but has all the bells and whistles techies love! 






 
pre-built templates






we have pre-built templates for over 50 businesses which already have text and images done for you. just add your company name and phone number and you are done! 






 
affordable






for about the price you pay for lunch you can get online! fast and easy! 







high end servers 














 
secure






we use the industry’s best routers, firewalls and servers to keep your website information safe and secure. 






 
reliable






we provide a 99.9% uptime guarantee for all our accounts. your website will not only be online it will stay online! 






 
scalable






if you ever need more space it’s just a click away. we work with small businesses just starting out online all the way up to large businesses that have been around for years! 
















easy website builder from just $8.95 /month! 



create a professional looking website for your home or business in just minutes! it’s as easy as point and click. there are over 2,000 templates to choose from and there are many free extras! 







emailfrom just $4.99 /month! 



your business will look better than ever. earn your customers’ trust with a professional email address that matches your business name. 







cloud web hosting from just $8.06 /month! 



secure cloud web hosting that’s lightening fast! includes one click set up, unlimited bandwidth, 24/7 security monitoring and tons of free extras! yes! we have wordpress blog hosting too! 











domain privacy from just $14.95 /year! 



protect yourself from spam, scams and prying eyes!keep your personal information secure and private with our world-class domain privacy.  we keep your information safe and secure! 







wordpress hosting from just $6.95 /month! 



get more from your wordpress site with our easy hosting solution and free one-click set up! create your own wordpress website or blog in just minutes. hundreds of free designs to choose from! 







secure certificates from just $39.95 /month! 



protect your website transactions and customer data and secure unlimited servers. pay up to 90% less and get your ssl certificate fast! provides 99.9% browser recognition and free malware scanner! 















 

 









 








 




act now domains has been proudly serving customers since 2001. our friendly representatives are available 24 hours a day to assist you. give us a call today. we are here for you! 







helpful links 







 
act now domains home





 
get help





 
faqs





 
call us











shopping 







 
domain search





 
website builder





 
web hosting





 
secure certificates





 
email accounts





 
hosting packages











recent articles 






starting a blog




start your own website




easy web hosting




guide to private registration




discount web hosting




simple website




domain finder




more










 













































