





dehaven construction – stucco & stucco repair































skip to content



dehaven construction

				stucco & stucco repair			




			menu			+
×
expanded
collapsed

home
interior/exterior painting
elastomeric / texture coating
testimonials
contact
 







dehaven construction




stucco & stucco repair


stucco is an economical way to finish your exterior walls
exterior stucco has been specifically formulated and blended with a cementatious base to be applied by either gun or hand to provide textures and colors to exterior walls. the raw materials used in stucco products are of the highest quality and meet with a.s.t.m. standards as well as local specifications.dehaven construction can, in many cases, restore your home’s exterior beauty. our restoration process begins with power washing the exterior walls, repairing the stucco and/or texcote and finally repairing the home’s exterior trim. often, this is all that’s needed to restore your home’s exterior to make it look as good as when it was first done.


get in touch





specializing in stucco, stucco repair, interior painting, exterior painting, texture coating (tex-cote™) & elastomeric coatings



services






individual attention
stucco is a cement based finish material and is available in standard colors.  it can be troweled or sprayed.  raw materials used in stucco products meet with a.s.t.m.








process includes 

trenching at base of building 
masking windows, shrubs, concrete, etc. as necessary 
hydro blast or sandblast to remove loose and peeling paint 
patch and repair to industry standards 
apply adhesive, sealers, and/or water proofers to industry standards 
apply high quality stucco finish coat








area served
we are proud to serve the dallas fort worth metroplex including plano, frisco, arlington, denton, mesquite, kaufgman, weatherford, grand prairie, irving, lewisville, farmers branch, grapevine, garland, richardson, desoto, etc.





what our customers say



“they gave me an estimate, we booked the time and they showed up on time and did a great job!”
― anthony, grapevine, tx.



“excellent, timely, professional. texture was perfect. cannot tell repair was done. very satisfied!”
― megan, farmers branch




dehaven construction fort worth tx



our success


1500+
since we opened in 2002  we’ve served over 1500 customers. 


100%
if our customers aren’t happy, then we haven’t done our job. our customers have a 100% satisfaction rate!


5%
we have grown at the minimum rate of 5% per year for the last 10 years.






about us

founded in 2002 in fort worth, texas and now serving the entire dallas metroplex. 


news
we’d like to thank one of our service providers, dallas janitorial services. construction site clean up is important both for safety reasons and for customer satisfaction.  for construction site clean-up services in the dallas fort-worth metroplex, we recommend djs. 


founder

meet david dehaven, born and raised in fort worth, texas.













footer 
dehaven construction,
proudly powered by wordpress.		









