


water treatment solutions company - kurita america



































































https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=gtm-w953pvq"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden">





 (866) 663-7633


 contact us


 careers


























 











        solutions
      



        industries
      


biofuels


commercial & institutional


food & beverage


geothermal


healthcare facilities


heavy industry


light industry


microelectronics


municipal drinking water





        company
      


who we are


why kurita america?


the kurita way


leadership


kurita canada inc.


sustainability


corporate social responsibility


creating shared value


kurita water industries ltd.





        connect
      


contact kurita america


careers


how are we doing?


elink


request an sds


locations


events





        resources
      


blog


case studies


industry insights


press releases


published articles


value calculators


video library


meet our team
                




equipment catalog




 
















trending topic: pfas
addressing pfas contamination in drinking water: navigating the new federal drinking water rule
learn more



meet our team & explore our career opportunities 
become a part of the global kurita group
learn more



transforming the way water solutions are designed and delivered

learn more










study the properties of water, master them, and we will create an environment in which nature and humanity are in harmony.
our purpose inspires us to provide unique value to our customers, society, and the environment.

as part of the kurita group, one of the leading industrial water solutions providers in the world, kurita america brings innovations to market through a total solutions approach to water management.
delivered through the kurita way, our approach incorporates all aspects of your facility, including chemistries, equipment, engineering, and services, to get to the root cause of our customers’ most complex challenges to deliver unique value and optimal results. our goal is to establish long-term partnerships with our customers to maintain a competitive edge while conserving natural resources for a better, more sustainable world. 

learn more about the kurita way
                



 



explore kurita











solutions


learn more














industries served


learn more














about kurita canada


learn more














why kurita


learn more














the kurita way


learn more


















stay connected













newsletter

sign up for our newsletter to stay connected to industry insight articles, case studies, press releases, published articles, videos and more!
subscribe 










elink reports

gone are the days of crumpled, handwritten logs. kurita america’s elink reporting and monitoring system allows plant engineers 24/7 access to their system’s operational data to ensure asset sustainability and operational efficiency. 
elink 










how are we doing?

help us serve your better! we’d love to hear from you regarding our service, capabilities and support.
take our survey 










request an sds

our safety data sheets (sds) are available upon request. just let us know where to send it!
submit a request 










events

we can’t wait to meet you! check out the upcoming tradeshows and events we will exhibiting at, our upcoming webinars, and any customer seminars we are having.
view upcoming events 










equipment catalog

download kurita america’s equipment catalog for detailed information on consumables and standard product lines. kurita america provides a wide range of equipment options, including both standard and customized solutions tailored to your needs.
download catalog 











the splash
kurita america's latest news








 





                              insulation manufacturer uses monochloramine to fight high bacteria counts in process water
                            

 a global manufacturing company producing fiberglass insulation was constantly... 









 





                              kurita announces merger with avista technologies, inc.
                            

kurita america, part of the kurita group, a leading global provider of water... 









 





                              municipality refurbishes simul-wash™ filter system for another 30 years of service
                            

 the city of lasalle, illinois, has worked with tonka water, a kurita brand,... 









 





                              food facility saves $100,000 annually with kurita's kurifloc
                            

 a large   food and beverage facility   in the united states was facing increased... 









 





                              regarding security incident at kurita america incorporated 
                            

 kurita america inc. (headquarters: minnesota, united states... 






 







navigation







                  home
                



                  solutions
                



                  industries
                



                  company
                







                  news
                



                  contact us
                



                  careers
                



                  privacy policy
                






sign up for kurita news






sign up for kurita news

×







close



















          kurita america inc.
          6600 94th avenue north
          minneapolis, mn 55445
  (866) 663-7633
 contact us





© copyright 2024 kurita america inc. all rights reserved.














our website uses cookies. by continuing to use this website, you agree to our privacy policy and our use of cookies, which you can learn about by reviewing our privacy policy.



accept














































×
request a catalog pdf








 




