










home - burleson county chamber of commerce
























































  



















skip to content














 
burleson countycity of somervillecity of caldwellcity of snookbc economic development











facebook





instagram






































menu 
join us membership benefits member applicationyour chamber about us leadership welcome to burleson county faqs contact usevents event information calendardirectorymember login








 















 
kolache festivaldon't miss out on the kolache festival - always the second saturday in september.


read more


 


 
visit snooksnook is home to wiggins watermelon, wilder family sunflowers, slovacek smokehouse and chilifest.


learn more about snook


 


 
visit somervillesomerville is home to beautiful lake somerville & the somerville historical museum. 


read more


 


 
visit caldwellcaldwell is the county seat of burleson county. come and enjoy the historic downtown, museums and parks.


read more


 






























welcome to the burleson county chamber of commerce!






the chamber is committed to helping promote local businesses and supporting the communities where we live, work and play!
the chamber of commerce is a unique organization.  by definition it is a voluntary association of business, industry, community, professional and other interested persons.  a growing county chamber such as ours is expected to be as diverse as the people it represents.
our chamber puts lobbyist, sales representatives, public relations, marketing, goodwill ambassadors and informational consultants on your payroll.

















					directory				








					jobs				








					news				








					calendar				








					hot deals				






















mark your calendar










view all events

































learn more














 
burleson county chamber general board meeting 
the chamber general board meeting is held on the 3rd wednesday of every month.
 
**posting**
 














 
burleson county chamber of commerce visitor's guide/directory 
take a look inside and see what you've been missing!
view digital magazine 



















welcome new members














join today








find a member










 












© 2025 burleson county chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












bringing businesses & communities together!




















burleson county chamber of commerce










301 n main street, caldwell, tx 77836











979-567-0000 










contact@burlesoncountytx.com










facebook





instagram






















 © 2025 burleson county chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top


















