







home - freed of london

















































































home
about us
the makers
sponsored dancers
blog
contact
 shop
 































our history 
							our history 
							our history 
							our history 
							



 






eu customer informationgreat news! as an eu customer you can still order from freed of london and for 20% less.. following brexit, freed of london is no longer charging vat on orders from the eu, but you may be charged local taxes and charges when your goods arrive. 

world leading handcrafted dance shoes



freed of london is the world’s leading designer and manufacturer of professional dance shoes. with an extensive history dating back to 1929, freed of london shoes are hand crafted in the uk and today the freed of london portfolio includes dance apparel, bridal and fashion collections.
from humble beginnings in london’s west end, freed of london was founded by cobbler frederick freed in 1929. working from a basement in covent garden, the same site where the brand’s flagship store now stands, mr freed and his wife revolutionised the dance shoe industry by tailoring shoes to a dancer’s individual needs. to this day this philosophy remains, and freed of london shoes continue to be made by hand in the uk.
what we doballetballroomgarments
our pointe shoesfrederick freed, started to handcraft and customise pointe shoes for professional dancers in the heart of london's theatre land, today nearly 250,000 pairs of classic pointe shoes are manufactured in the traditional 'turn-shoe' method by freed of london every single year, each and every one painstakingly hand crafted by a highly skilled maker. two thirds of all classic pointe shoes are made to dancer's individual specifications which require accuracy to within 3 mm.
 
in 1996 freed of london developed and launched the studios pointe shoe range. this heralded a new era in pointe shoe production for freed of london with the marriage of the latest manufacturing technology together with the history and experience of our founder. the unique making technique of the studios pointe shoes ensures consistency and uniformity with every pair of shoes, while still encompassing the world famous key features our pointe shoes are known for. 
it is the combination of skill, expertise and dedication to the customer that gives the freed pointe shoe its world renowned reputation of excellence. 














read more about pointe shoes












our ballroom shoesfreed of london have been handcrafting ballroom shoes for nearly 50 years. years of experience and expertise go into making exceptional handcrafted shoes. designed with great attention to detail and made in england from the finest components, freed of london ballroom shoes bring the utmost comfort when you dance whilst being incredibly durable.
read more about ballroom shoesour garmentsfor 40 years, freed of london has proudly collaborated with the royal academy of dance, crafting garments which embody elegance, quality, and performance. since 1985, our partnership has supported dancers worldwide, providing attire which enhances movement while reflecting the timeless grace of the rad.
we are thrilled to introduce a modernized collection for 2025, in celebration of our 40-year partnership. designed with the same meticulous craftsmanship and attention to detail, this updated line blends timeless tradition with contemporary innovation, ensuring that dancers can move with confidence, style, and grace.
explore the next chapter in our legacy... a collection inspired by decades of dedication, shaped for the future of dance.













purchase rad dance uniformour ballroom shoesfreed of london have been handcrafting ballroom shoes for nearly 50 years. years of experience and expertise go into making exceptional handcrafted shoes. designed with great attention to detail and made in england from the finest components, freed of london ballroom shoes bring the utmost comfort when you dance whilst being incredibly durable.













read more about ballroom shoeshear what our clients have to sayit was like a dream come true the first time i tried freed shoes, and now i can't imagine my ballet career without themcaroline baldwinfinally a ballroom shoe that dances with menatalie lowei love my freed shoes because they feel like wearing beautiful hand made gloves.they are so light and feels really comfortablemaiko nishino
meet the makers meet our world renowned pointe shoes makers 




















feel free to contact uslondon shop

freed of london, 94 st martins lane, london, wc2n 4at
 +44 (0)20 7240 0432 
or write
 shop@freed.co.ukglobal wholesale 

freed of london,62-64 well street,london, e9 7px
 +44 (0)20 8510 4700  
or write
 uksales@freed.co.uk
 export@freed.co.ukusa wholesale & retail

 44-01 21 street , suite 302  long island city,new york, ny11101

 
 +1 718 729 7061 
or write
 info@freedusa.com









 
 
 















certifications

get social with us










© 2021 freed of london. all rights reserved.
 freed of london
 










retail pointslondon store hours
monday to friday from 9:30am – 5:30pm | saturday from 10.00 am – 4.30 pm
sunday - closed
last fitting takes place 30 minutes before closing time.
94 st. martins lane, covent garden, london, wc2n 4at.
to book an appointment please contact us at shop@freed.co.uk  or call 020 7240 0432
blaby retail hours
wednesday to friday from 11am – 4pm (appointment only)
16 rose way, blaby, leicestershire, le8 4by.
to book an appointment please contact us at leicester_retail@freed.co.uk or call 011 6254 8010.





















