siriusxm: music, sports, talk & podcasts, live & on demand
skip navigationmenuwhat's onbrowse contentchannel guidemusicsportshoward sternnews & issuestalk & entertainmentcomedypodcastshear & now blogtry siriusxmfree trialways to listensubscriptionscompare plansinside the caron the siriusxm appreturning listener offersshop radiostraffic, weather & morefor businessfor boatsfor planesauto & truck fleetslisten on the siriusxm apphelp & supporttransfer my subscriptionrequest radio signalhelp centerdo not call policymanage or cancel my subscriptionhelp centerbrowse plans and pricingsubscribe nowget a free trialpay my billtransfer my subscriptionpage content followsmusic, sports, news, talk, and podcaststhe best in audio entertainment wherever you choose to listen—in your car, on your phone, at home on your tv, speakers, and other smart devices$1 for 3 monthschoose your plansee offer details. enjoy ad-free music across all genres and decades, news and issues, talk shows and podcasts, comedy, and more.enjoy ad-free music across all genres and decades, news and issues, talk shows and podcasts, comedy, and more.$1 for 3 monthschoose your plantune in freeplay chris stapleton radio on channel 63 in your car now through march 4th. no subscription necessary.learn moreget your fill of unwelltap into two new siriusxm channels with live shows featuring alex cooper’s signature mix of bold conversation, relatable storytelling, and trend-defining music picks.start listeningmusic that makes you sing out loudad-free, expertly-curated by genre, decade, and moodartist stations inspired by singers and bands you loveexclusive in-studio performanceshear zayn dish on exploring genres and performing live again on siriusxm hits 1 (ch. 2)check out special performances by artists like vampire weekend on siriusxmu sessions (ch. 35)get takes on what’s hot and timeless in r&b from stars like lucky daye on the heat (ch. 46)check out exclusive performances from artists likedavid archuleta on tiktok radio (ch. 4)live and inside every sportlive nfl, mlb®, nba, nhl®, ncaa games and morepredictions, analysis, fantasy all week longpremium sports talk by league insiders and analyststalk about everythinglifestyles, fashion, finance, faith, and healthpeople you follow, opinions you trust, things that make you laugha-list interviews you’ll never forgethear exclusive interviews from journalist anderson cooper on radio andy (ch. 102)listen to what’s new with mindy kaling on doctor radio (ch. 110)find out what’s happening with jonathan bailey on radio andy (ch. 102)nicholas galitzine opens up about his rolein the movie the idea of you on stars (ch. 109)find the plan that fits your groovecar + streamingall access$1 for 3 monthsthen $24.98/mo. offer details below.the ultimate in entertainment. expertly curated ad-free music, artist stations, sports play-by-play, celebrity-hosted talk, howard stern, and more.ad-free music curated by experts and djs in every genre and decadeartist stations inspired by singers and bands you likecelebrity-hosted talk shows and the funniest comics aroundworld and national news plus expert advicelive sports, including nfl, mlb®, nba, nhl®, and college games, plus predictions and analysis exclusive video of in-studio shows and performancesget all accessstreamingall access (app only)$1 for 3 monthsthen $9.99/mo. plus tax. new subscribers only. offer details below.stream everything that the all access plan has to offer on the siriusxm app—whether you’re listening on a phone or on your connected devices.ad-free music curated by genre and era, plus artist-inspired channelslive nfl, mlb®, nba, and nhl® games, and nascar®, college sports, and more-plus sports talk and analysisnews coverage from across the spectruminterviews, podcasts, exclusive comedy, and live in-studio moments with a-list hosts and starsoriginal shows and insider momentschannels hosted by djs, personalities, and tastemakers to serve up what you love and help you discover moreeffortless listening on your connected devices—take what you love wherever you goget all access (app only)new, hot, and trendingsoul superstar maxwell takes over siriusxm silk for black history month, with timeless r&b love songs right in time for valentine's day!listen to maxwell's serenade radiocelebrate the power of black cultureexplore black achievements and excellence across music, sports, and talk forums that inspire us to reimagine our world and strive for more.learn morehear the tracks that currently move the culture and discover the music that’s on the come-up, whether it’s hip-hop and r&b that’s killin’ it in the clubs or emerging afropop and caribbean vibes.listen to black music foreverall the ways to listenin the carsmartphonessmart speakerssee if your specific device is compatibleoffer details: the subscription plan you choose will automatically renew and you will be charged at then-current rates for that plan until you cancel. credit card required. applicable tax and other fees may apply. there are no refunds except as provided in our customer agreement. cancel at least 24 hours prior to renewal; cancellation is effective at the end of your current billing period. please see our customer agreement and privacy policy at www.siriusxm.com for complete terms, our refund policy and how to cancel, which includes online methods or calling us at 1-866-635-2349. all fees, content and features are subject to change. this offer cannot be combined with any other and may be modified or terminated at any time. channel lineup varies by package. offer available to new subscribers and qualifying esn/device ids as determined solely by siriusxm.get siriusxmall planstry siriusxm for freemerch storesiriusxm radio storeshopmilitary discountstudent planmanage my accountloginregistermake a paymenttransfer subscriptionrequest radio signalsiriusxm corporateabout siriusxminvestor relationsnewsroombecome an affiliateadvertise with usblogcareersmore siriusxmbusinesscanadainfotainmentboatsplanesfleetscontact uscontact ushelp & supportwebsite termscustomer agreementprivacy policyyour ad choicesdo not call policyyour privacy choicesfcc public filefcc info©2025 sirius xm radio llc