


chsv website 2025





























chsv website 2025


×







home page		






about us		






african american history		






archived newsletters_1 		






archived newsletters_2 		






archived newsletters_3 		






calendar of events		






cemetery		






chsv films		






chsv history		






committees		






contact us		






donations		






event 		






genealogy		






media		






membership		






powerpoint presentations		






research library		






revolution 		






the messenger		






winter lectures		


who we are
about usevents



chesterfield historical society  






of virginia since 1981







historic trinity church home of the chsv











go to content









 


hours of operationour opening hours are from monday through friday from 10:a.m. until 4:00 p.m. each week.  we are closed during the school year if the schools are closed.  we also are closed on official county holidays or notices of inclement weather. museum exhibit: "chesterfield county railroads: from mule power to steam power," (county museum) 6813 mimms loop, chesterfield, $2 suggested donation, (804)768-7311.  see the chesterfield county museum event.  news releasetea cancelled:  the magnolia grange tea scheduled for tomorrow, february 19th, has been cancelled due to winter storm warnings for tomorrow.  information about possible rescheduling of the tea will be sent at a later date. for more information. please contact martha atkinson at 804-748-1498 if you have any questions.        



 


chesterfield historical society of virginiapreserving the past for the future.....chartered on september 23,1981 to meet the growing demand for genealogical and historical research, the society traces its origins to a museum society organised in 1961. it was responsible for the first county museum which opened in 1980. we are a charitable volunteer organisation governed by approved by-laws and an all volunteer board of directors that provides leadership to chsv committees to develop educational and fundraising programs and conduct research.  as the county grows, so does its history and you will find our website covers the county history very well.  visit us on facebook  or at the historic trinity church ,10111 ironbridge road, chesterfield, va 23832.    



 


chsv research library:  founded in 1981, the chesterfield historical society of va research  library collection contains around 25,000 items, 90% donated by local  residents. free to visitors to research. photocopy charges. research request fee is  $25.  . visit our genealody library.  we can help you in your family research. please select the photograph above for a larger view.



 


we have books for sale that pertain to chesterfield county, va



 


use the handy hamburger menu above to access our website  you can also use the historic trinity imaage to go to the home page.our newsletter, the messenger, is available for research . it contains many useful local chesterfield county persons of interest and other historical subjects..



 


the historic 1749 chesterfield county charter



 join us visit the genealogy library visit the research library we have cemetery records > 


looking for an ancestor...






 




















www.chesterfiedhistory.com






the chesterfield historical society of virginia







back to content


to use this website you must enable javascript.


