   fota house, arboretum & gardens | cork        
 
  
skip to contentjoingivevolunteerour propertiesvisitexpand
opening hours & ticket pricesgetting here & parkingfota housefota arboretum & gardensvictorian working gardensfota house caféeventsexpand
what’s onvenue hireexpand
corporate meetings & eventsoutdoor eventsprivate diningfilm & documentary locationgroup & private toursexpand
group visitsschool toursweddingsexpand
wedding ceremonieswedding photographyabout usexpand
our storyirish heritage trustireland’s ancient eastcollectionssustainability & biodiversitynewsget involvedexpand
givevolunteermembershipcontact usbook online

joingivevolunteerour propertiesbook tours

toggle menu

layer 3-minwarmly welcoming visitors for almost 200 years.once the home of the smith-barry family, who had a great love for hospitality, fota house, arboretum & gardens continues to delight visitors today. the irish heritage trust is proud to carry on the smith-barry’s traditions, caring for the house, gardens, and arboretum for the enjoyment of all in perpetuity.opening timesclick heregetting hereclick herethere’s lots to see and do for visitors of all ages at fota house, arboretum & gardens. step back in time onto fota island – the only island in ireland with its own railway station – and immerse yourself in living history!unlock the island’s story at fota house, an impressive mansion that represents the finest example of regency architecture in ireland. on a guided tour of the house, you’ll hear fascinating stories about fota’s vibrant past both from the smith barry family and those who worked for them.explore fota’s incredible grounds and encounter the great diversity of exotic plants that have thrived over 200 years. experience for yourself the victorian working gardens with fully refurbished greenhouses that are used today to produce incredible plants, vegetables, flowers and more.you’ll quickly sense the energy, enthusiasm and vision that shaped the estate and continues to fuel our packed programme of events, interactive tours and activities here at fota throughout the year!






tourfota houselearn about the ancestral home of the smith barry family who lived in fota house one of ireland’s finest examples of regency architecture for over 200 years.marvel at the superb neo classical interiors, the grand décor of the formal rooms, the guest suite and nursery. then contrast with the servants wing where you can see the working areas of the maids, cooks, butlers and other staff many of them local who worked with the family over the years.visit fota housevisitfota’s arboretum & gardensexplore varied garden spaces, from the elegant orangery to the tranquil walled gardens.enjoy the richness and variety of the world-renowned collection of rare tender and exotic trees in fota’s arboretum.burn off energy, find adventure. and learn about nature on our family-friendly trails through the changing seasons.visit fota’s gardensthe cafe at fota house and gardensrelax atthe café at fota housethe café at fota house is the perfect spot to relax after your tour or walk in the arboretum & gardens. marcin & his talented team from the food club will take care of you whether it is just for a coffee & sweet treat or a hearty lunch.teas, coffees, and sweet treats: need a pick-me-up? enjoy our selection of premium teas and freshly brewed coffees. and don’t forget to indulge in our delectable sweet treats!lunch: whether you’re craving a hearty hot lunch or salads and sandwiches, we’ve got you covered. our menu features an array of mouth watering options, from comforting classics to exciting new flavours.kids’ special: treat your little ones with several kids menu options! our kids’ menu includes a tempting deal: a meal and a drink for just €9.90. perfect for hungry adventurers!dietary options: we cater to everyone! gluten-free and vegetarian choices are available upon request. just let us know, and we’ll make sure your meal suits your preferences.café opening hours:february 15th to march 16th: weekends only, 10:30am – 4:00pmmarch 17th to 30th september:  10:30am – 4:30pmoctober 4th to 26th – weekends only 10:30am to 4:00pmfor any cafe queries please email marcin & his team at the foodclub.fh@gmail.comexplore thevictorian working gardenexplore fota’s impressive restored glasshouses and pit houses and discover how they’ve found fresh purpose through innovative collaborations with our local community.chat with our busy volunteers in this bustling garden, where you can buy plants grown in our glasshouses and pick up tips for your own outdoor space!take in the atmosphere and admire the blooms from a well-positioned garden bench.visit the victorian working garden visit volunteergivemeet atfota househost meetings and corporate eventshost meetings and corporate events that make the most of the estate’s natural beauty and elegant heritage interiors, as well as our excellent air, rail, and sea connections.corporate hire optionsplan a group visitstart planning a visit to fota house, arboretum & gardens with your group. we regularly welcome cruise tour groups from nearby cobh, school tours, special interest clubs, and other groups.plan a group visitwhat’s onwe host a range of special indoor and outdoor events throughout the year. whether it is a concert, recital, exhibition or family fun day, there is something for everyone.find out what’s onweddingssay ‘i do’ at fota house, arboretum & gardensfota house and its spectacular gardens provide the perfect backdrop for weddings and vow renewal ceremonies. our dedicated wedding planner is on hand to help you create the day of your dreams.discover moresupportfota house, arboretum & gardens and the irish heritage trustfota house, arboretum & gardens is managed and cared for by the irish heritage trustirish heritage trust – a non-profit organisation dedicated to conserving and preserving fota house, arboretum & gardens and the stories of the people who lived and worked on its estate over the generations for the enjoyment for all.burn off energy, find adventure and learn about nature on our family-friendly trails through the changing seasons.donate todayexplore ourlatest newssee all newsbecome a member of many lifetimesfor as little as €1 per week, you can contribute to the preservation of ireland’s cultural landmarks while enjoying exclusive…read more become a member of many lifetimesgive the gift of heritage this christmasdelight family and friends with the gift of heritage this christmas with an irish heritage trust gift card.read more give the gift of heritage this christmasspooktacular halloween adventuresdon your favourite costume and join us at our haunted heritage houses for some halloween  fun for old and…read more spooktacular halloween adventuresnational heritage weeknational heritage week takes place from 17-25 august and celebrates all things cultural, built and natural heritage.read more national heritage weekbats return to fota housebalancing the protection and preservation of our built and natural heritage at fota houseread more bats return to fota housesustainable future for our past and planetpreserving the historical authenticity of a heritage house with environmental considerations including some interesting house inhabitants takes planning.read more sustainable future for our past and planetjoin our communitykeep up to date with news and events at fota house, arboretum & gardens when you sign up to the irish heritage trust’s newsletter. sign me upcared for and managed by the irish heritage trust,an independent not-for-profitchy number 16848. registered charity number 20061609fota house, arboretum & gardens, fota island, carrigtwohill, co. cork, ireland, t45 y642.coordinates: n53 777940 / w-8.09793900 353 21 481 5543info@fotahouse.com© 2025privacy statementcookie policy (eu)sitemapaccessibilityterms & conditionsfacebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
    manage cookie consent
to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.



functional



functional

always active							





the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.



preferences


preferences






the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.



statistics


statistics






the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.




marketing


marketing






the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes
accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}manage consent2025 openingfota house is currently closed and will reopen at the weekends on february 15th and 7 days per week from march 17th. tours at 12pm & 2pm will recommence from febuary 15th and can be booked in advance online. the cafe will reopen on february 15th the arboretum & gardens are open all year round and entry is free. there is a €3 site parking fee on exit from the grounds. dogs on leads are welcome in the gardens.  

×			  



visittoggle child menuexpand
opening hours & ticket pricesgetting here & parkingfota housefota arboretum & gardensvictorian working gardensfota house caféeventstoggle child menuexpand
what’s onvenue hiretoggle child menuexpand
corporate meetings & eventsoutdoor eventsprivate diningfilm & documentary locationgroup & private tourstoggle child menuexpand
group visitsschool toursweddingstoggle child menuexpand
wedding ceremonieswedding photographyabout ustoggle child menuexpand
our storyirish heritage trustireland’s ancient eastcollectionssustainability & biodiversitynewsget involvedtoggle child menuexpand
givevolunteermembershipcontact usbook online             




