







stardel main – established in 1994


















































		skip to content	



stardel main
established in 1994
menu and widgets




aboutthis is an example of a wordpress page, you could edit this to put information about yourself or your site so readers know where you are coming from. you can create as many pages like this one or sub-pages as you like and manage all of your content inside of wordpress.
jackintroduction this is to introduce myself to interested readers. i am jack heneghan. i live in colorado springs. i have a blog named exempli gratia. i work for the company formerly known as worldcom, as an engineer. i have an interest in satellite tv, with an 8′ dish, c-band and ku-band receivers, 4dtv and mpeg/dvb decoders and a 50″ samsung dlp hdtv. i used to have an ota hdtv receiver but it stopped working recently and since colorado springs doesn’t have many hd broadcasts it doesn’t seem worth fixing it at present. it’s part of the mpeg/dvb receiver and the satellite hd displays fine so why tempt fate. i have a horse named rags who has retired and is living in the back yard. we both went lame at the same time several years ago and by the time i was recovered he wasn’t ridable anymore. so, we let him enjoy the great outdoors. rags is a fine-looking appaloosa (some say that is an oxymoron) and was a great trail horse. listening to: i added a comment field in my blog to note what i am listening to as i am writing up comments. i got this idea after ripping…
elaineblogs five acres with a view – photos and other stuff vice versa – paper arts an old chaos of the sun – my version of a tumble blog interests horses dogs rubber stamping art journals photography books
 

topics

fractals
paper arts
photos
recipes


travel

australia
the scottish trip


web logs

exempli gratia
five acres with a view
vice-versa










stardel 

this site contains an idiosyncratic arrangement of web logs; photos; rubber stamp and soft block carving information; and whatever else takes our fancy. (oooh, shiny.) check the sidebar for pages with specific focus.
five acres with a view is the name of my blog, which i try to update at least once a day. i include photos taken with my pentax k100d camera, and links to various things which i find of interest.  vice-versa has various entries oriented around paper arts.
exempli gratia is the name of jack’s blog.
share this:facebookx 







				proudly powered by wordpress			













