



home






























ministries

about us

worship

live broadcast

giving

weddings/baptisms

gallery

contact us
 











































what's new at pag!

























































































click for more info!












welcome! no matter who you are or where you are on life's journey, you are welcome here.












we are open and affirming


as an open and affirming church, we open the doors of our church to people who identify as lgbtq+ and we affirm them into our community as god's children, worthy of god's love, and free to love whoever they choose.

















































about us 























events 























church life 





































ministries 






















thrift shop 




























worship services









worship is blended in nature, at times relaxed and contemporary, on other occasions more formal and traditional. sermons provide moments of sacred storytelling in engaging and provocative ways. as a congregation of the united church of christ, we welcome people from every walk of life regardless of religious background, education, race, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, economic means or nationality.

























8:30 a.m. service


an outdoor service featuring contemporary music and a weekly offering of holy communion.
























10:00 a.m. service


a traditional service in our sanctuary with choir and ensemble singers. the sacrament of holy communion is served on the first sunday of each month.









































racial justice




ministry

"an individual has not started living until he can rise above the narrow confines of his individualistic concerns to the broader concerns of all humanity."                                                           -martin luther king jr. 















































faq 


have questions? we have the answers!









how do i get there?









pass-a-grille beach community church107 16th ave.st. pete. beach, fl 33706






where do i park?





park in our paved lot along 17th avenue, or park in our shelled lot along pass-a-grille way.






can i get married at your church if i’m not a member of the church?





yes. for more information reach out to admin@pagchurch.org












can i baptize my child at your church if i’m not a member  of the church?





yes. for more information reach out to admin@pagchurch.org






can we rent the social hall for receptions? 





yes. for more information reach out to admin@pagchurch.org






what does it mean that the church is a progressive church?





trait #1 - we take the bible too seriously to understand it literally. in other words, we do not think it is the word of god. we believe it is the word of men who were inspired to write how they understood god in relation to the historical events that defined them. that simple difference influences our approach to the bible and how we use it in our life to guide our decisions. trait #2 - a progressive church is one that values education and wants the congregants to study the bible critically. this means we ask questions, and allow for doubt to be part of the faith formation journey. trait #3 - a progressive church is one that promotes diversity and inclusivity. it opens the doors of the church, at all levels, to people who historically have been labeled unworthy and excluded. this may include, but is not limited to, women, people of color, people who identify as lgbtq+, and those who refuse to conform to traditional norms. trait #4 - a progressive church is one that seeks justice and equality, not only for marginalized groups, but also within its own boundaries. this is to say that a progressive church has integrity and practices what it preaches at all times.






























we look forward to meeting you



























pass-a-grille beach community church





the pastors, staff and lay leaders are available to answer any of your questions. feel free to visit us on a sunday morning or contact us during the week.












about us

ministries

church directory

events

contact

giving


    107 16th ave.  st. pete beach, fl  33706     m-th 9:00 - 2:00 eastern time    admin@pagchurch.org    (727) 360-5508


































































