


party planning - wedding planning - parties, weddings, and event planning online

















party, wedding, and event planning




partyfun 411
party tips
event insurance
event registration
party blog

















party planning

event and party planning
event budgeting 
event insurance



party categories

animal rentals
artists
av audio visual
balloons
bar mitzvah
catering & food
cleaning services
costumes
country club
dancers
decor
entertainment
event planners
event security
florist & flowers
holiday parties
invitations & printers
justice of the peace
night clubs 
party & wedding supplies
party rentals
photography
salons & makeup artists
team building
theme parties
transportation
travel / honeymoon
tuxedo rentals & formal wear
wedding decorators
wedding dresses
wedding halls
wine tasting






























welcome to party fun 411, your source for wedding, party and event planning! we are celebrating our fifth year.  browse our site and you will see why we are the fastest growing party planning website.  listed in our site are thousands of party vendors that will make it a snap to plan any type of party or event.  if you are in the party business and you're not listed here, you are definitely not getting all customers you could. 


party and event planning made easy





 
    limousines are a great way to arrive in style. limousines are commonly used in weddings, proms and upscale transportation.


 
tent rentals are a safe bet. if you are planning a party, you can never count on the weather man. ensure a stylish event with our tent companies.


 
 




 
    what's a party without music? we have some of the best djs throughout the nation. have your disc jockey act as a master of ceremony.


 
    living in the mtv generation, how can you turn 16 without a sweet 16 party? treat your little princess to the time of her life. our sweet sixteen pages can ensure any type of party for any type of budget.


 
 




 
    every girl wants to wear a white dress. wedding dresses speak for themselves. we have some absolutely stunning dress designers and shops through out the us at your fingertips.


 
    tuxedo rentals are a must for weddings, proms and upscale events.  more and more people are actually buying tuxes.  we have some wonderful tuxedo shops with terrific prices.


 
 




 
    casino rentals have become extremely popular as a way to raise money for benefits and foundations. not to mention, casino parties are a way to have a great time. play some cards or roll the dice.


 
photography is a wonderful way to capture special times that can be cherished for years to come. make memories that will last a lifetime.


 
 




 
    treat your little one to an exciting, fabulous party. from toddlers to teens, you'll be able to find all types of themes and ideas for your child's party.


 
    who's kidding who? i wish they made bounce houses for adults! spice up your birthday party, event or gathering.  we have several companies throughout the country who offer inflatables near you.


 
 



planning your event with event planner
planning and organizing an event by yourself can sometimes becomes overwhelming task. there are so many details to consider including booking the event venue, planning and coordinating theme creation, creative input, and guest list management and parking. let professional event planner handle your task so you can enjoy your event.

why you neeed an event coordinator?
how to select a event venue?
permits and insurance you may need for your event
wedding coordinator duties







limousines luxury transportation such as limousines are essential for any elegant event such as a wedding, prom or high end party. book a local exotic limo rental company for your next event and arrive in style. find boston limos, find new york limousines, chicago limo rentals, rent atlanta limousines and party buses, los angeles limo company, philadelphia luxury limousines

casino party rentals having a fundraiser, corporate event or charity event? casino parties are a great way to have a fun and profitable fundraising event., boston casino parties, find ny casino party rentals, chicago, il casino party coordinators, atlanta casino rentals, la casino rental company, philadelphia, pa casino parties

tent rentals the unpredictable weather won't ruin your party or event if you are hiring a tent company to set up a tent for your outdoor event. find great tent rentals for all events; weddings, parties, fundraisers and more. boston, mass tent renting company, find new york tent rentals, chicago tent rental company, atlanta tent renters, los angeles party tents, philadelphia tent company



disc jockeys disc jockeys bring the music and make the party a real party. party djs and wedding djs are available to perform at any of your next events. boston djs, new york disc jockeys, chicago wedding dj, atlanta music and disc jockeys, la party disc jockeys, philadelphia, pa djs and music

inflatables the increasingly popular bounce houses and inflatable games are a huge hit at birthday parties, kid's parties and school events. rent inflatable games and rides from an inflatables company to ensure entertainment for the kids. boston inflatable bounce houses, new york moon bounces, chicago inflatable bouncers, atlanta inflatables rentals, los angeles, ca party inflatables, philadelphia bounce houses



party rentals if you are in need of some equipment for your next party or event, renting is a great alternative to high price equipment. party rental companies supply top end rentals at cheap prices. boston party equipment, new york party supplies, chicago party rentals, atlanta wedding and party rentals, los angeles party rental company, philadelphia rentals for parties

photography a professional photographer can capture the essence of a perfect day. hiring a photographer to take pictures at your wedding or event can bring your years of memories. boston wedding photographers, new york videographers, chicago photography, atlanta photographers, los angeles event photographer, philadelphia wedding photography



sweet 16 when it's time to turn 16, do it in style! sweet sixteen parties are sweeping the nation where the birthday girl is a princess for the day. boston sweet 16 parties, new york sweet sixteen party, chicago sweet 16 party planners, atlanta sweet sixteen party coordinators, los angeles sweet 16 event planners, philadelphia sweet 16 parties

cleaning services house cleaning services made easy for you. cleaning services may cost less if you consider time you spending doing your daily chores. philadephia cleaning services, housekeeping services in new york, chicago area maid services, nj carpet cleaning, janitorial services in los angeles, carpet cleaning service

event producers an event producer can plan, coordinate and run your party, wedding or event to make sure nothing goes wrong.  let the event producer make all the arrangements for you. boston event coordinators, new york event producers, chicago event planning, atlanta party planning, los angeles event producers, philadelphia event planners







party tips and checklist

parking for special events
tips for hiring a caterer
what is a foam party?



recent party ideas

how to become a wedding planner
the importance of an event theme
event security services
cleanup mess after the party
bar mitzvah and bat mitzvah



event theme
when planning an event, one of the first and most important things to consider is the theme. an event theme should coincide with the reason for the event. the theme should be something representative of the guest of honor.
event theme ideas















party, wedding, and event planning | 
	   major cities |
	   popular listings | 
	   all vendors | 
	   party categories | 
	   regions  |
	   

sitemap


terms and conditions | 
  privacy policy | 
  about us | 
advertise with us | 
contact us

 copyrights 2009 - 2017 party fun 411. all rights reserved.


















