




  

oaktree










































































































 home

who we areour team what we dooaktree youth solidarity fundaustraliaour impactmedia releases get involvedjoin our team donate










login


 









donate who we areour team what we dooaktree youth solidarity fundaustraliaour impactmedia releases get involvedjoin our team  login 












 











login


























young people leading sustainable development












back young people











join our movement














































about oaktree













oaktree is a youth-led international development organisation.at oaktree, we believe all young people should have the opportunity to transform their local communities to build an equitable, just and sustainable world. we exist to empower young people to take their ideas for social impact and make it a reality. we ask our young people what the biggest issue in their community is to solve, we ask them what they think the solution is and we back them by supporting them to lead sustainable development projects in their communities.sound interesting? check out the video to learn more.











donate now






































































so far, we've empowered over
50,000 young people 



























9
youth-led organisations across the asia-pacific have been supported through the oysf.

















+13,000
young people have been empowered through our educational programs and workshops. 

















30
communities across the asia-pacific have benefited from oaktree’s international projects.

































































our youth run model













our organisation is powered entirely by people under the age of 27. over the last 18 years, we have upskilled a generation of changemakers in australia with the knowledge to champion sustainable development. they have led political movements, which saw the government increase our foreign aid budget. they have been upskilled in advocacy, fundraising, financial management and every other aspect of effective social change. our alumni have gone on to found their own companies, become ministerial advisors, or have developed into agents of change. 











our team











volunteer with us











































alumni testimonials






























“to see young people who weren’t embarrassed that they were young, who were saying ‘we want better and we want it now’ - that sense of agency and empowerment i had never seen before - i carry that with me in all work and life now. oaktree taught me to speak up and stand strong.”











yasmin poole - current national ambassador for plan international











































"oaktree teaches young people an important lesson: that you don’t have to wait. as young people we’re often told that we don’t have a right to contribute until we have “experience”. oaktree reminds us that our lived experiences are just as valid, if not more so, when it comes to the issues and solutions that impact us most as young people..."











kareem el-ansary - current ministerial advisor











































“oaktree (harshly) taught me that when one door closes, another opens. being okay with rejection has been instrumental for the rest of my life. you just can’t give up - and that is the basis of advocacy.” 











jahin tanvir - current ceo of the australian school of entrepreneurship





















































stay in the loop













& subscribe to our emails!










































submit




















































































































































 
















volunteer with us


join a team 



follow us









































© 2024 oaktree

355 william street, west melbourne vic 3003phone: (03) 9028 2759 abn 39 129 680 584


contact us
transparency
complaints policy
privacy policy
our other policies
terms & conditions


oaktree is a registered charity and a proud member of the australian council for international development (acfid) and complies with the acfid fundraising charter and acfid code of conduct. this outlines the standards of communication, governance, management and accountability of development for member non-government organisations (ngos). live below the line is a trademark of global poverty project, and is used under license by oaktree in australia.





© 2022 oaktree
355 william street, west melbourne vic 3003phone: (03) 9028 2759 abn 39 129 680 584
privacy policy  |  terms & conditions
live below the line is a trademark of global poverty project, and is used under license by oaktree in australia.
 
















































