
















the daily grind








































































the daily grind



the daily grind served as my personal journal during previous military deployments to iraq. dormant for some time, i've dusted it off for my latest deployment to afghanistan. the posts contained herein are solely based on my personal observations and do not represent the official views of the u.s. marine corps.

























































































saturday, february 04, 2012








who knew kabul got this cold??







 a little early morning exercise today, february 4th, 2012.  things started out nicely with just a few  inches of snow on the ground but quickly turned to near whiteout conditions within an hour and a half.   who knew it would get this cold in afghanistan?  i was certainly surprised.  











posted by



vmicraig




at

2/04/2012 12:25:00 pm



11 comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















sunday, january 15, 2012








the tigger house, kabul







similar to the compassion i felt for the stray animals i encountered in iraq, i have grown fond of the helpless cats and dogs wandering around afghanistan. unfortunately, the residents of kabul are no different in their treatment 
of animals than most muslim societies that consider cats and dogs dirty 
and unworthy of being pets.  here, there are stray dogs and cats wandering 
the city in large numbers.  many appear injured and malnourished, 
often limping and sometimes missing legs or ears. both children and adults alike ignore the animals or throw rocks at the strays. it's horrible 
to watch such maltreatment of man's best friend.  

one
 of the agents living at my compound is deeply concerned with the 
rescue of these wonderful animals. amazingly, he found a local 
shelter situated deep within the city called the afghan stray animal 
league  (http://www.afghanstrayanimals.org/mission_1.html). the shelter 
is known locally as the tigger house and is operated by an american who 
solicits private donations and adoption fees in order to keep the 
shelter running.  she has a small but dedicated local staff who care for the animals that 
are brought into the shelter until such time that they can be adopted by 
american service members or other willing families. 
although the shelter appears disheveled and dirty compared to 
our own standards, the dogs and cats brought to the shelter are safe and cared for until a home is found for them. the shelter has saved dozens of 
animals from cruel abuse and worse, from being sold to locals who purchase them for the sport of dog fighting. 



yesterday, brandon, michelle and i brought a litter of 7 pups to the 
shelter. the pups were born just outside of our compound and were fed by
 brandon and some of the other residents until they were weaned. 
unfortunately, they had grown to the point that local afghans were 
taking interest in them for dog fighting, so brandon asked if i would 
ride shotgun as we drove into the city to the tigger house. driving 
through the pothole-lined streets of kabul while trying to keep 7 puppies from 
throwing up in your lap was challenging but worthwhile knowing that these dogs have a future ahead of them that is not filled with violence and hunger.





posted by



vmicraig




at

1/15/2012 07:13:00 am



6 comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




















flying in style







last week, i flew south from kabul to camp leatherneck in the helmand province. as the liaison officer to a civilian federal agency, i was fortunate to fly aboard a government owned beechcraft king air 
twin turbo-prop.  it was certainly luxurious compared to the standard c-130 transport commonly used in theater.  when fully loaded with pallets of 
gear and equipment, troop space aboard the c-130 is usually limited and one often ends up facing another marine or soldier in a cramped, parallel series of troops seats, your knees interlaced between
 the knees of the guy in front of you.  sometimes the c-130 flights are 
empty and one can stretch out along the canvas troop seats lining the sides of the fuselage. conversely, the massive c-17's are much more spacious than the relatively compact c-130's and have removable rows of seats like those found in a commercial airliner. the seats can be added or removed depending upon the load. in addition to troops, the c-17's and the even larger c-5 routinely haul large quantities of equipment across the theater. 



while the king air may only seat 8 passengers, its twin turbo props permit the bird to fly at nearly the same speed of the 
c-130 hercules.  during this 
particular flight, just myself and 2 dod analysts were headed to camp leatherneck.  needless to say, it is a comfortable ride that is 
usually reserved for vip's and distinguished visitors; 95% of the troops in theater 
will only fly aboard the larger strategic aircraft and won't have the opportuntity to enjoy this incredible perk!

from the air, i observed the ridge line that lies along the northern edge of our compound, the same ridge line i've climbed several times since my arrival. the 
recent blast of precipitation over the last 2 days has since hidden the treacherous peaks under a soft blanket of snow, belying the dangers hidden within the hindu kush.    







posted by



vmicraig




at

1/15/2012 06:49:00 am



3 comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















friday, december 30, 2011








the lads of lima company








 

















by
             cpl. john scott rafoss, hqmc 
helmand province, afghanistan - dec. 25, 2011 
                 — we “yomped” forward. carrying two days of rations, including six liters of water and hundreds of machine gun 
rounds, mine detectors, grenades, ladders, radio equipment, heavy 
javelins, and other explosives; their packs were heavy. my pack was just
 the bare necessities – water, a few meals, and my camera.











the sky was gray. it was raining, muddy and cold. i’m tired. everyone
 else must have been tired, too, but the royal marine commandos are 
elite – they weren’t showing it.

“that’s what we do, we yomp,” said sgt. noel connelly, of the royal marines.. “just like the falklands in ‘82. we’re bootnecks. 
that’s what bootnecks do… yomp.”

we stopped and rested on the side of the road. reports over the radio
 were saying the tanks couldn’t get through because insurgents have dug 
ditches in the road. the tanks had to find a new route and that would 
take time. so we waited and endured the mud and cold rain.

“hey usmc, do you want a smoke,” said connelly, platoon sergeant for 
royal marine’s 9th troop, “l” company, 42 commando, as he took out some 
english cigarettes. “these are healthy cigarettes.”
we all huddled underneath improvised cover and the royal marines 
talked about football in england. they asked me questions about the u.s.
 marine corps – what is my training like? is boot camp like the movie 
full metal jacket? “what do you do?” said cpl. john owens, an assault engineer nicknamed johno.
“i’m a combat correspondent,” i replied. “i’m what the americans call a pog – personnel other than grunt.”

“well, you aren’t a pog right now,” said johno, as we looked down at our muddy boots. “you’re with us now, mate.”  after smoking about four cigarettes, we got the call to move forward.
 the tanks had found a route through a field. so we picked up our packs 
and started to yomp to the village of zargon kalay. our superiors said 
zargon kalay is filled with die-hard enemy insurgents, but they said 
that about the last village and nothing happened.

the mosque, which is in the center of the city, was becoming more 
visible with every step. we were a few hundred meters away when lima 
company split up into different parts of the open ground in front of the
 village. it was farm land. 9th troop moved to the right flank and we 
maneuvered along the edge of an irrigation stream.

we approached a compound and the bootnecks at the front of the patrol
 positioned themselves on the roof to get good arcs for their machine 
guns. the rest of the platoon waited in the open outside of the 
compound.

i sat by the edge of the irrigation stream, bored. all of a sudden 
something flew past my head and it had a distinct sound. it was the 
first time i heard that sound. cracking and whizzing – bullets sound a 
lot different when they are coming at you.

without even thinking, i jumped into the irrigation ditch. i looked 
up and saw marines jumping off the roof. the trees behind them were 
being ripped apart.
my heart was pumping while i sat in the stream. i looked at the 
plants in front of me and thought about staying alive. “am i dreaming?” i
 thought. “this can’t be real. a picture isn’t worth my life.”  i was embedded with 9th troop, lima company, 42 british royal marine 
commando during the 18-day combat operation known as sond chara, which 
is pashtun for red dagger. an outsider, and the only reason i was with 
them is because of my eagle, globe and anchor, and my camera.

it all started like the beginning of an american football game – like
 we were getting ready to run on to the field. we were all pumped up in 
that helicopter. we felt like spartans during the battle of thermopylae.
 but this wasn’t a game, or a movie, or a book about legendary battles 
in the past. this was now.
i felt like i was in a higgins boat heading toward normandy. i looked
 up and saw the crew chief scanning the horizon for insurgents with his 
night vision goggles.

we landed in the desert and it was quiet. i couldn’t see anything. 
everyone else had night vision goggles. i didn’t even have a night 
vision lens for my camera. all of the bootnecks were silhouetted and we 
moved towards an afghan compound a few hundred meters in front of us.

we stopped in our tracks when we heard gun shots in the distance. it 
was kilo company. they landed about an hour before us and they were 
already in a firefight. there was a lot of gunfire. but this wasn’t the 
o.k. corral, it was helmand province.

“they have a casualty,” whispered one of the radio operators. “he was hurt from the back blast of a javelin.” my stomach started to sink when i heard that. but i kept quiet and 
kept moving forward with the bootnecks. johno blew a hole in one of the 
walls of the compound and the bootnecks rushed in to the clear the 
compound of insurgents, but there were none.

i moved in and dropped my pack immediately. i was already tired and 
we were only two hours into the operation. i took a seat by one of the 
walls, and one of the marines on the rooftops opened up his machine gun.
 an apache came in and dropped a bomb on top of the insurgent vehicle he
 had stopped. the sky glowed from the burning car and i listened to the 
rounds cook off in the car.

“this isn’t normal,” i thought, and tried to get some sleep.

we stayed at the compound for a couple of days and were mortared 
everyday, but i was slowly getting used to the bootneck lifestyle. we 
were given orders to take the village we called kk. we left at about 
four in the morning. it was about an eight-kilometer hike, yomping 
through the farming fields, with a break about halfway. my boots were 
covered in mud. i tried to scrape it off, but the mud had a funny smell,
 and when i brought it up to my nose, i realized it was manure. we 
picked up our packs and yomped on.
we got to the village and everything seemed normal. children were 
running around playing. afghan men were working in their fields. 
tractors were transporting goods. camels were walking by bundled up with
 supplies. the locals said the insurgents had left the day before. so it
 was a good day – a quiet day. we rested in the village and got ready 
for the next hike.

we hiked another eight kilometers to forward operating base argyle. 
when we got there, we stayed on the outside of the fob inside an old 
fortress, which was built by alexander the great thousands of years ago.
 it was a beautiful ancient fortress. we rested there for a day and 
started yomping again, this time about six-kilometers hto the village of
 zargon kalay.
after we were shot at in the field near the irrigation ditch, we 
moved forward to another compound. i set my backpack down by a wall and 
moved into one of the rooms to take a break and eat. then i heard the 
cracks again.the insurgents were dug in and were firing rocket-propelled
 grenades, mortars and small-arms fire.

a royal marine ran inside to get supplies. connelly asked him what 
what the situation was outside. with typical combat humour, he replied, 
“we’re all going to die!”

i was shaking. i’m not sure if it was because i was cold and soaked 
from the irrigation ditch or because i was scared. when the fighting 
died down a little bit, i ran outside for my pack. i needed my smokes. 
when i got to my backpack there were bullet holes all over the wall 
above it. i grabbed it and ran back inside.
we drank tea and listened to artillery, tanks and helicopters take 
down the insurgents in the village. it sounded like they were using 
everything they had in the uk arsenal.

i wasn’t used to this kind of thing. in my mind, this was the kind of
 stuff soldiers and marines did in vietnam, world war i and world war 
ii. i didn’t realize how bad war could be in afghanistan. i was used to 
drinking coffee at the beer garden in kabul or eating at pizza hut in 
kandahar. i normally took pictures of handshakes and ceremonies, not 
combat.
we got the order to move forward to the next compound. but there was a
 problem. we had to move through an open field where an hour ago, little
 lead hornets were buzzing around. but one of the bootnecks had a good 
idea.

we popped smoke grenades and ran behind tanks. the first try didn’t 
work, because when we went into the open, we were fired on. but it 
worked on the second try. we ran for our lives behind those tanks. i 
thought it would make a good picture, so i put my head down next to the 
tank’s exhaust and took pictures with my camera over my head. i wasn’t 
even looking at where i was shooting.

“this is world war ii shit,” yelled connelly, as we ran behind the tanks. he was joking, but i didn’t laugh.
we made it to the next compound, and puffed down cigarettes. it was 
the best cigarette of my life, but it was hard to smoke because my lungs
 were filled with tank exhaust.

7th troop moved into the outskirts of the village that night and we 
stayed back as over watch. we listened to them fight. they were getting 
some – we had already gotten ours.

the next morning we moved forward into the village. we met up with 
7th troop at a compound. they pushed forward street by street and made 
it a few blocks away from the mosque and now it was our turn to move 
forward.

the village was quiet. everyone had fled and i hoped the insurgents 
were all dead. we moved into a burned-out school right across the street
 from the mosque. i tried to get pictures of the marines patrolling 
though the mud, but getting good images was the last thing on my mind.

we started taking small-arms fire from the west of the city. we moved
 through the village, forward to the sound of the guns. i thought human 
beings are supposed to run away from the sounds of guns, not yomp in the
 mud toward it. i thought to myself, “these lima company bootnecks are 
the real deal.”
i looked up and watched a javelin missile fly high up into the sky. 
it was shot off by marines on the roof of the school, who had locked 
onto the insurgents. i was happy the javelin did all of the work for us 
and we moved into a compound behind the mosque and stayed there the 
night.

“we still have the triangle of death,” said johno, as we smoked cigarettes in the compound.  “it sounds like a video game,” i joked. “the triangle of death … the last level of operation sond chara.”

the triangle of death is an area about four kilometers behind zargon 
kalay. we called it that, because on the map, it looked like a triangle.
 reports were coming in that all of the insurgents were fleeing there. 
that made the triangle of death taliban land.
we hiked through more of the surrounding villages before reaching the
 triangle of death. but the insurgents had heard about zargon kalay and 
many of them were fleeing for their lives.

in the early morning hours of christmas eve, we headed into a village
 we called yellow four. it was the beginning of the triangle of death. 
however, it had been quiet for the past few days and i was beginning to 
think the insurgents had learned their lesson.
yellow four is a little village holed up next to a big river with a 
big rusty crane in the center for exporting and importing goods. on top 
of the crane was a huge white taliban flag. it seemed like an old 
trading port. but when we got there most of the villagers had fled.
we moved into the village with ease and took positions at an afghan 
compound below the crane. i was pretty tired and i grabbed a few 
blankets to get some rest.

“it seems pretty quiet; hopefully they won’t attack us. what do you think?” i asked royal marine john baiss, 9th troop medic. “they are just observing us right now,” he replied. “give it an hour.”

i didn’t want to believe him so i put my head down for some rest. an 
hour later i woke to gunfire. smalls arms fire, rocket-propelled 
grenades and mortars were everywhere. i immediately put on my flak 
jacket and kevlar helmet. i grabbed my rifle and camera and then 
sprinted outside to see what was happening.
“someone put a wet on,” yelled connelly, in the beginning of the 
firefight. we all laughed a little bit. a wet is british slang for tea.

bootnecks were on the rooftops shooting and screaming. they were 
climbing on top as fast as they could to get more rounds downrange.  “i see them … i see them,” screamed lance cpl. paul, as he unloaded his machine gun. “they are in the tree line.”
i was getting used to gunfire, so i was confident when i started 
snapping away – trying to get some images of the lads in action.

i climbed up on the rooftop with the help of some of the bootnecks 
who pushed me up. i crawled up next to paul and tried to get a view of 
the insurgents in front of us. there was a ceiling of small-arms fire 
over our heads. i looked up and saw a rocket propelled grenade fly over 
our heads. i followed it with my eyes in slow motion.

“get a … lasm down there,” someone screamed, which is like a rocket launcher.  lance cpl. ben whatley grabbed his lasm and went forward. we all bent down because of the backblast.

“he’s hit, he’s … hit,” screamed one of the bootnecks on the ground. i looked up and saw him lying motionless in front of us. once the bootnecks next to me saw what had happened, and with out 
hesitation, they stood up and moved forward through the small-arms fire 
to save him.

the firefight went on for about half an hour more. the bootnecks kept fighting, knowing their friend was badly hurt.

we found out a few hours later that ben was dead.
after christmas eve, we no longer called it the triangle of death … just the triangle.

on christmas morning we moved forward into the heart of the triangle.
 we yomped toward the white flags – insurgent flags. we were surrounded 
by white flags. this was their stronghold. it is a very eerie feeling 
walking through open ground, seeing white flags in every direction.

but it seemed the taliban had learned their lesson once more and we 
weren’t attacked that day. so we moved into a compound for rest and to 
get good arcs for our machine guns on the surrounding area.
it didn’t feel like christmas.

once in the compound, marines greg bennett, a machine gunner, and 
denbigh hopkins, an infantryman and former south african hunter, had 
smiles on their faces. in the back of the compound was a room filled 
with turkeys.

“looks like it’s going to be christmas after all,” said capt. oli truman, commander of 9th troop, lima company, 42 commando.

that night we sat around the fire, ate grilled turkey and enjoyed each others’ company.  “camaraderie is very important,” i remember hearing paul say with his
 face glowing from the fire. “we should do this more often. it’s good 
for the troop.”

it wasn’t the best christmas i ever had. but, spending christmas with
 bootnecks out in combat, i grew a better appreciation for it.

the lads of lima company are special. they have something most people
 in the world will never have or understand – their brotherhood. 

and the next day we yomped forward …









posted by



vmicraig




at

12/30/2011 02:08:00 am



7 comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest
























christmas morning in afghanistan, dec, 2011 with a few of the  dea kabul country office agents






posted by



vmicraig




at

12/30/2011 01:44:00 am



1 comment:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















saturday, november 26, 2011








climbing the moutain








for a bit of local adventure, i
joined one of my dea counterparts this morning to climb the mountain ridge
located behind our compound in kabul. locally, the asmai and sherdawaza mountain
ranges dominate the landscape, ringing the city of kabul in all directions.  


a view of the surrounding mountain ranges reveals a staggering number of
 peaks already covered
in snow. surprisingly, more than 49 % of the total land area in
afghanistan lies above 6000 feet elevation. here 
in
kabul, the elevation averages just over 5,800 feet, with the mountain 
crests adding
to the total. the average elevation in the state of virginia is only 950
 feet, which
certainly requires a temporary adjustment period that one definitely 
feels when engaging in physical activity.


the mountainous areas are mostly barren, or at most remain sparsely
sprinkled with trees and stunted 



bushes. true forests, found mainly in the
eastern provinces of nuristan and paktiya, cover barely 3% of the
country's area. even these small reserves have been disastrously depleted by
the war and through illegal exploitation, with less than one million acres
surviving today.







during our climb, we passed several rock walls and 





hand-dug gun
emplacements that were once used for cover by the mujahadeen during 
their fight
against the soviets. the ground remains littered with all types and 
sizes of rifle
casings, while signs warn of the dangers of straying off
the trail as you climb toward the crest. a local goat-herder discovered the unfortunate result of straying too far from the path when one of his goats stepped on
 an unexploded land mine and blew itself up. i am unaware 
of anyone human doing the same thing. 



along the way, i 
stopped numerous times to
take in the view of kabul, hardly believing that the city i was seeing 
was the same one i'd driven through. from 
6,000 feet, it looks like a typical sprawling city spread out over thousands of acres, a thin layer of smog 
hanging
heavily above it. from my vantage point, i could clearly make out the kabul international
airport and saw at least a half dozen jets, both military and civilian,
climbing slowly toward us as we continued our ascent. 

from atop the ridgeline, the view of the surrounding area quickly
deteriorating as the morning progressed. the haze seemed thicker the 
higher we
climbed and obscured the higher mountain tops in the distance. on the 
opposite side of the ridge, a vast expanse of desert plain lay before 
us, apparently an unfriendly area to our coalition forces.  the previous
night’s rain had made the usually dusty climb more tolerable than normal, however,
resulting in a number of other adventurers braving the cold to reach the peak.
joining us at the top were several brits, one lithuanian, a team of fbi agents, and
several contractors, many of whom were also on their first trek up the
mountain. although some of the climbers had dressed in pt gear, i noticed most
were armed, with some even wearing their armored vests. by the time i had reached the
top, i was certainly glad i’d left my vest behind. 

while taking in the view, we noticed several individuals climbing an area of
the mountain that was unmarked and without trail. using the magnified scope atop
my rifle as a makeshift set of binoculars, i determined the people were simply collecting
firewood and placing it in cloth bundles strapped across their backs.  i had no idea where they came from and even
less of an idea where they were headed to after reaching their limits. 

  

the walk down the mountain proved tougher than the walk-up, at least on 
my knees. regardless, it was much quicker than i anticipated,
 with plenty of time left for breakfast. unless the weather fails to cooperate, i'll likely make this a routine event. 





posted by



vmicraig




at

11/26/2011 04:05:00 am



6 comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















tuesday, november 22, 2011








a change in scenery






i recently moved from 350 miles n from camp leatherneck to kabul. at first glance, kabul international airport seems very modern, as there are actually several civilian aircraft parked along the runway. the airport is partially blocked off to allow military aircraft access, with restrictions set in place to separate military from civilian aircraft.

despite the initial appearance from the outside, it more closely resembles third world airport inside, with few amenities, most of which are in place for official military use only, such as encrypted telephones, weapons and baggage transfer points, id card scanning stations, etc. outside the front doors, the mountains loom ahead, very steep, jagged and foreboding - some already covered in snow at higher elevations. lately, the airport has been relatively safe, whereas the american embassy endured a 20 hour attack in september.


leaving kabul international airport, the environment quickly turns sour.  the roads i traveled were full of deep potholes, no pavement anywhere to be seen once i left the airport perimeter. a variety of "businesses" inhabits the slums and shanties sitting off the sides of the road, with a crazy mish-mash of buildings, garbage, trash piles, junk cars, and rubble all mixed together in some odd form of apparent civilization. i actually think it's worse than iraq...there is still much destruction left over from not only recent fighting, but from the soviet occupation 20 years ago. i am told that the opposite side of town is much more modern, but i have yet to see it.


there was significant traffic getting out to the compound where i  currently reside, with cars jockeying for positions to pass each other on the roadway, all trying not to bottom out in some of the largest potholes (more closely resembling craters) i've ever seen; cars were sometimes spaced 2 to 3 wide across the road; at other times, there might have been 4 or 5 side by side, each headed different directions, a near disaster. here, the biggest car wins, and most of them are owned by westerners - military, contractors, or government of some sort. 
 
throughout the drive, i viewed a variety of compounds obviously built for coalition forces or foreign contractors. they are obvious, as all are surrounded by huge walls, concertina wire and hescoe barriers to discourage attacks. host nation guards are visible at most gates and block entrance to the compounds. regardless, you never feel absolutely safe in this environment. 
 
situated on the slope of a large mountain, my particular compound lies at nearly 5000 feet elevation and has a great view of kabul. nearby, the mountain steeply rises another 1000 feet where an ana (afgh national army) outpost rests along the ridge line looking directly down at us. 

the mountain is littered with unexploded ordnance left over from the soviet invasion. just last month, a goat allegedly managed to get away from his herder and blew itself up after stepping a few feet off the well traveled trail leading up the mountain. several of the compound residents here have climbed the same mountain, but make the climb with body armor, long guns and a heightened state alert for safety sake. it makes the climb a little harder, but the view is apparently worth the climb. 





posted by



vmicraig




at

11/22/2011 11:30:00 am



3 comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest















friday, november 18, 2011








the long road ahead





 i am currently serving with some superb u.s. and british officers in the current and future operations section, where operational orders are drafted developed and published. these guys are the truly brains of the command and conceive all of the rough draft orders and concepts of operations that upon approval, form the basis of operations conducted by the combined military forces utilize in this region. 

the office is a pressure cooker, with planners putting in 12-16 hour days every day of the week. what keeps them going is a bottomless coffee pot and a great sense of shared humor among the members of the group.
nothing in a military environment is executed without a written order, and in afghanistan, our forces have to coordinate closely with higher headquarters in kabul, as well as the government of the islamic republic of afghanistan, referred to as giroa.  it's a very complicated and extremely cumbersome process, but somehow it works.  

this command's particular region of interest lies within the helmand province, one of 34 provinces in afghanistan. it is one of the largest afghan provinces and arguably the most unstable. to make matters worse, the helmand province yields the highest quantity of illicit opium, morphine, and hashish in the country, all of which funds the insurgency and the taliban via illegal "taxation" of the farmers. the illegal flow of narcotics out of afghanistan destabilizes the government and hinders the transition of military operations from coalition forces to the afghan national security forces, or ansf. 

each regional command (rc) has thousands of soldiers, marines, and coalition forces working as mentors/trainers and partners to the ansf. the ansf not only includes the afghan military, but also incorporates  the various afghan national police forces, including the afghan national police, civil order police, counter narcotics police, and even local and tribal police. the poppy problem alone is enough to keep the police forces busy, which make the training and mentoring piece a huge task as we lead them to self-sufficiency.

back to the officers of the fops section - one particular marine officer assigned to assist in the transition of counter-narcotics operations from the coalition forces to the afghans is major sean dynan, an annapolis grad who has is on his 5th deployment. a former company commander right here in helmand, his company operated only a few miles away from where we currently work. in 2008, maj. dynan had a pbs reporter embedded with his company. although reporters often sensationalize their experiences or inaccurately portray their subjects, this particular pbs reporter appears to have conveyed a very realistic and accurate portrayal of what is still occurring on a daily basis in helmand province. the report shows how  military operations have radically changed from the wwii, korea and vietnam eras, when the military man was simply a war-fighter. today, our marines are not only war-fighters, but also peace-keepers simultaneously filling military, civil, law enforcement and humanitarian roles. 

although the video is nearly 3 years old, it could have been filmed yesterday. the situation portrayed in 2008 remains the same in much of the province. you'll see the blurred civil-military mission continues in afghanistan today. 
here's the link:  reporter embed in helmand 






posted by



vmicraig




at

11/18/2011 08:38:00 am



6 comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















about me




vmicraig


formerly an active duty officer, i'm a marine corps reservist whose love for the corps has turned it from a former vocation to a life-long avocation. 

once a marine, always a marine.

view my complete profile



blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2012

(3)





        ▼ 
      



february

(1)

who knew kabul got this cold??








        ► 
      



january

(2)









        ► 
      



2011

(11)





        ► 
      



december

(2)







        ► 
      



november

(7)







        ► 
      



october

(2)









        ► 
      



2007

(2)





        ► 
      



april

(1)







        ► 
      



february

(1)









        ► 
      



2006

(24)





        ► 
      



october

(5)







        ► 
      



september

(1)







        ► 
      



august

(1)







        ► 
      



may

(2)







        ► 
      



february

(5)







        ► 
      



january

(10)









        ► 
      



2005

(33)





        ► 
      



december

(12)







        ► 
      



november

(12)







        ► 
      



october

(6)







        ► 
      



september

(3)









        ► 
      



2004

(13)





        ► 
      



may

(2)







        ► 
      



april

(4)







        ► 
      



march

(4)







        ► 
      



february

(3)









links


ii mef (fwd) homepage
the official marine corps webpage
the virginia military institute homepage
together we served (usmc) website
usmc combat artist - cwo michael d. fay
op-for - a vmi viewpoint




followers



















































simple theme. powered by blogger.
























