

american bulldogs-staffordshire bull terriers for sale-puppies









rainbow ridge kennels

american bulldogs for sale - staffordshire bull terriers for sale - puppies for sale from champion and classic bloodlines in both american bulldogs and staffordshire bull terriers.
                          




 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close




 breeders of top quality staffordshire bull terriers and american bulldogs. home of guardstock staffordshire bull terriers, classic and johnson american bulldogs, quality puppies for sale with health guarantee.
                                                                               true old time classic american bulldog puppies and english staffordshire bull terrier puppies.
                                                                               our american bulldogs are thick, bully old time classic bulldogs from some of the best classic and johnson american bulldog bloodlines 
                                                                               available producing true pruebred impressive american bulldogs puppies for sale.
           
                                                                               guardstock staffordshire bull terriers have been bred down from the best english
                                                                               and american champion guardstock staffordshire bull terriers lines available and our record of high quality and top ranking guardstock staffordshire bull terrier puppies for sale speak for themself and there high quality since 1970.


news on puppies: quality american bulldog puppies and staffordshire bull terriers puppies for sale. older american bulldog puppies and youg adult american bulldogs plus young breeding stock currently available for sale. new plan breeding of staffordshire bull terrier puppies 
                                                                               coming early spring and early fall 2012. advance deposit usually required to reserve a quality puppy.



rainbow ridge kennels takes pride in breeding quality american bulldogs and staffordshire bull terriers for sale. top american bulldog bloodline puppies from classic and johnson stock, staffordshire bull terrier puppies from our world famous guardstock bloodlines. this kennel has champion bloodline quality puppies for sale, healthly, sound, with great temperments, akc reg. on staffordshire bull terriers, abra reg. or nkc reg. on american bulldogs bred down from johnson and classic american bulldog bloodlines. 
                               
                               our website content provides american bulldogs for sale, american bulldog puppies, staffordshire bull terriers for sale, staffordshire bull terriers puppies, high quality puppies for sale, up coming breedings and planned litters of american bulldogs and english staffordshire bull terriers, breed stud services, some breed standards, history and information on both the american bulldogs and the staffordshire bull terriers. our kennels point of veiw as breeders is to produce quality puppies, dogs and pets with superb temperament, soundness, excellent health, and the characteristic of each breed. american bulldogs and staffordshire bull terriers highly related to there breed standard in every dog and puppy we produce.
                               
                               rainbow ridge kennels offers quality american bulldogs and staffordshire bull terriers, dogs and puppies for sale with health guarantees. our american bulldog breeding program and our staffordshire bull terrier breeding program are carefully selected, as breeders we strive to breed the best dogs any breeder can for pet, show and breeding. we at rainbow ridge kennels have provided dog breed information, breed pictures, puppy pictures, puppies for sale, dog resources as well as honest representation of our dogs. our breeding programs and kennel which has taken years to develope. 
                               if we can be of further help in regards to the american bulldogs and staffordshire bull terriers or puppies for sale, let us know, we will be happy to answer any of your dog breed questions. we have been involed with breeding dogs over 35 years, all breeding programs are based on knowledge and the commitment to producing high quality dogs for each owners years of enjoyment and companionship.
                               enjoy your vist veiwing our american bulldogs, staffordshire bull terriers and puppies we have to offer you.


american bulldogs bred by rainbow ridge kennels are classic bully johnson type american bulldogs, we have johnson bloodline american bulldogs. our american bulldogs are thick with good bone and substance, nice heads, great temperments but are free from a lot of health problems
that are seen in english bulldogs of today. most american bulldogs are free breathing dogs, a working dog breed, with high trainning ability. our breeding program is based on some of the top american bulldog bloodlines available today from the best old classic and johnson stock. our dogs are a excellent all around family dog with great trainablity. american bulldogs make great watch dogs or guardians and love childern. the american bulldog of
today is the nearest breed to the orginal bulldog of old. quality old time puppies occasionally available from rainbow ridge kennels in johnson and classic type american bulldogs. two new litters of american bulldog puppies this coming year! see our american bulldog page linked below, click on it to enter and see more on american bulldogs.  final close out sale!!!! puppies available! click here! young breeding stock now on sale!


the very first best in show, all breed staffordshire bull terrier with over 145 terierr group placements. this fine staffordshire bull terrier is one of the top winning staffords of all time in breed history. 
ch.guardstock's red atom, top sire of many champions. atom's bloodlines are behind many of the top staffordshire bull terriers of today. ch. guardstock's red atom has truly made his mark on the staffodshire bull terrier breed and helped many lines comform within the staffordshire bull terrier breed standard closer in many ways. the staffordshire bull terrier is truely a great family dog which gives its owners a lot for its compact size.
the staffordshire bull terrier is an all purpose dog and many guardstock staffordshire bull terriers today are involed with obedience, agility and are used for therapy dogs. quality staffordshire bull terrier puppies occasionally available from champion staffordshire bull terrier bloodlines. see our link below and click on it for more photo's and info. on our world famous guardstock staffordshire bull terriers. puppies available now! click here!



we are american bulldog breeders and staffordshire bull terrier breeders that welcome you to see all of our dogs in our kennel, puppies for sale in our american bulldogs and our staffordshire bull terriers that we offer you from the best bloodlines around for showing, working, and quality pets. rainbow ridge kennels has a fine selection of top quality puppies available in american bulldogs and staffordshire bull terriers.
follow the links below to our american bulldogs and staffordshire bull terriers that you are interested in and see what we have available in puppies and up coming breedings. all puppies come with two sets of shots, deworming, vet. checked, akc reg. papers on staffordshire bull terriers. all american bulldogs come with abra reg. or nkc reg.,  a four gen. pedigree, health records plus a health guarantee with every puppy or dog.  see our heralth guarantee page for more information in regards to our health guarantee. rainbow ridge kennels is proud to bring you quality dogs and dog breed resources, pet and dog breed information.
finding quality dogs, puppies or breeding stock is getting harder to find than ever before. plus lots of careless breeding has lead to problems and down falls in many breeds of dogs today. we at rainbow ridge kennels do not breed just to produce puppies for sale. this kennel strives for quality, soundness, temperment and excellent health in all dogs we breed. a lot of care and love goes into each and every puppy. we want you to be happy with your puppy and your puppy with you. it is these goals and high standards that we feel make all the diffence. we invite you to explore
our american bulldogs and staffordshire bull terriers that we offer you for sale and we are always happy to answer any questions plus help with advice on any of our dogs or puppies when we can.

see the following american bulldog and staffordshire bull terrier puppies and each breed page listed below by clicking on links below form more information and pictues of american bulldogs and staffordshire bull terriers, available puppies and dogs, up coming breedings and check out our health guarantee on all our american bulldog puppies and staffordshire bull terrier puppies today.


american bulldog puppies and up coming breedings. click here to see our american bulldogs!


staffordshire bull terrier puppies and up coming breedings. click here to see our staffordshire bull terriers!


rainbow ridge kennels puppy health guarantees, shipping guarantees and deposit policy for puppy purchasers.


dog breeding today by rainbow ridge kennels - prue bred dog breeding


rainbow ridge kennels link page with breeders, kennels, dog resources, puppies and dogs for sale, pet links


 we at rainbow ridge kennels stand committed to breeding staffordshire bull terriers and american bulldogs of top quality. dogs and puppies for sale by caring breeders of american bulldogs and staffordshire bull terriers. we strive to produce excellent health, temperament, soundness and all within each breed of dogs given breed standard. we thank each and every customer for helping make rainbow ridge kennels one of the top dog breeding kennels in u.s.a from our world famous guardstock staffordshire bull terries,
       our quality american bulldogs. we take pride in given you the very best we can and will continue to contribute to the developement of man's best friend here at rainbow ridge kennels the home of top quality american bulldogs and staffordshire bull terriers for sale.


1972 chevrolet nova12,261 mls, yellow, auto. a very good condition 1972 nova, started project car or hot rod, bbc engine 396 cid bore 0.030, auto trans, 12 bolt posi rear with ...automotive ads


donna strand
                         owner and breeder
                           rr 4  box 164
                         fairfield, il  62837
                         ph: 618-842-4474




 we highly recommend nuvet plus for all dogs. we have seen great improvement in growth, developement and coat conditions in all our dogs. it is great for all young growing puppies, breeding, working and show dogs.
         try some nuvet plus today for your dog and you will see the improvement in health and excellent coats. click the link above today!







save 80% on pet meds & free shipping


save up to 50% on all your pet care needs with petcarerx.



take a look at pet-source.com's featured sales items! shop now


america's leading online pet store!


animal den - this animal lovers gift shop is highly recommended. great products, top service, five stars.



shop us pets to save up to 50% on your pet supplies for your dog or cat.  click here for free shipping!


greatdogsite.com provides comprehensive, in-depth american bulldog information.
read more about dog breeds at www.greatdogsite.com


dog information and best pet sitesarticles information about dogs - their habits, behaviors, training and health. also the best sites to find unique pet products.			   


www.i-love-dogs.com--over 1000 dog food reviews


shop us pets to get the very lowest prices on k9 advantix flea and tick medicine anywhere.  free shipping!


10% off all dog products from the paws, coupon code 10offdog.


find holistic, natural dog and cat food at wysong.net!


the pet search - pet directory         url.biz - dogs


shop for pet supplies at national pet pharmacy


pet websites


over 300 items available for free shipping, only at petfooddirect.com.


havahart radial-shape wireless electric dog fence get 20 times the roaming area provided by other brands - a 400 foot radius!


top web directorylookooh web directory is a human edited directory of quality websites and resources covering all topics. only $9. 95 for inclusion.			   


free web directoryincluding dogs resources, offer automatic, instant and free directory submissions.


top pet sites


petfriendlycentral.com - pet directory and information


apetdirectory.com - pet directory and information on the web.



       

ethicalbreeder award forstaffordshirebullterriers                


free counter





all copyrights 2004-2010 rainbowridgekennels.com  - staffordshire bull terriers and american bulldogs.





 this domain is currently up for sale. inquires welcome.








