
























































asthma & allergies

allergy basics
asthma basics
controlling triggers
childhood asthma
asthma in infants and young children
childcare asthma checklist
childcare asthma action card
student asthma action card
allergy control products
asthma in older adults
adult onset asthma
asthma and gastroesophageal reflux disease
anaphylaxis
college tips
allergy shots
dust mite allergy
ragweed allergy
mold allergy
medications: resources for assistance
summer camp tips
clinical studies


food allergies

food allergy basics
anaphylaxis
eating out with food allergies
adverse reactions to food additives
food allergies in schools & pre-schools
food allergies in school parent checklist
food allergies in childcare
cookbooks
food allergy products & services
traveling with food allergies
clinical studies
going to college with food allergies
summer camp food allergy management
food allergy books
skin testing for allergies
resources


programs & services

speaker series
bulletins
educational support groups
telephone information & consultation
referral services


get involved

become a member
donate
clinical studies
plan a special event
workplace giving
volunteer


take action

current bills


events

for life without limits: fall gala
giving tuesday
kyle dine family concert
plan a special event
baseball “peanut allergy friendly” games




home
membership
contact us

















home
about us
calendar
membership










we are aafa new england!
serving all six new england states since our founding in 1979, we help people with asthma and allergies strive for life without limits™!  as a registered 501(c)(3) charitable organization, our work focuses on support, advocacy, education, and research.



food allergy conference & expo
education – awareness – connection
sheraton boston needham hotel
100 cabot street, needham, ma
saturday, may 31, 2025
12:30 pm – 5:30 pm






our half-day, afternoon food allergy conference & expo will be held at the sheraton boston needham hotel, a location easily accessible for attendees traveling from around the region. the program will include food allergy management workshops, time designated for informal “chat and connect,” an exhibitor area and a book corner. the event will provide meaningful opportunities for attendees to learn from recognized experts, to connect with others in the local food allergy community, and to explore related products and services.



topics and speakers
updated recommendations for food allergy management guidelines at school, k-12
speakers:
michael pistiner, md mmsc – director of food allergy advocacy, education and prevention
massgeneral hospital for children, food allergy center
christine creter – learning and performance strategist
principal and founder, creter group, inc
anxiety and food allergies: strategies for patient and caregiver wellbeing through the ages
speakers:
lisa bartnikas, md – attending physician, division of allergy, boston children’s hospital
assistant professor or pediatrics, harvard medical school
sara voorhees, phd – attending psychologist, boston children’s hospital
instructor of psychology, harvard medical school
emile baker, licsw – psychotherapist in private practice
associate professor of practice, simmons university school of social work
what’s new in food allergy treatments
speaker:
sarita patil, md – assistant in medicine, massgeneral hospital, food allergy center assistant professor of medicine, division of allergy & immunology, harvard medical school
traveling with food allergies
speakers: to be announced







click here
for program details, to purchase tickets or to exhibit/sponsor







click here
for program details, to purchase tickets or to exhibit/sponsor






we celebrated our 45th anniversary at the fall 2024 gala. thank you to all who supported and attended this special evening!
click here to view photos from the event.





aafa new england bulletin
check out our 2024 fall bulletin
past newsletters: spring 2024, winter 2024, fall 2023, spring 2023, winter 2023, fall 2022, 2022 spring, 2022 winter, 2021 fall, 2021 spring, 2021 winter, 2020 fall, 2020 spring, 2020 winter, 2019 fall, 2019 spring, 2019 winter, 2018 fall, 2018 spring and 2017 winter
become a member of aafa new england and receive your own copy of the asthma & allergy bulletin three times a year! professional members receive a limited supply of copies to give to patients.




take a breath: asthma education resources:


download and print!



summary-take a breath pdf


asthma medications pdf 


inhalers poster pdf


take a breath resource list pdf




aafa new england is actively engaging in advocacy outreach to help all those affected by allergies and asthma by supporting the following bills in both the massachusetts and federal government.

aafa new england advocacy
ma h.2393: an act relative to improving asthma in schools
ma s.293: an act ensuring safe patient access to emergency care “laura’s law”
ma s.1389: an act to improve food allergy awareness
ma s.299: an act to establish food allergy plans
us federal bills:  cdc’s national asthma control act; elijah j. cummings family asthma act, s.578 faster act


resources
download and print!
aaaai food allergy stages of development
college allergy resource document
rsv/covid/flu symptom comparison

be smart and breathe easy asthma program
in 2018, aafa new england conducted the “be smart and breathe easy asthma program” in three inner-city boston schools. original resource documents were created to help schools manage their students affected by this chronic condition. these resources, written in both english and spanish, address both disease management and asthma environmental trigger remediation. it is our goal that these resource documents will extend our reach to help improve the quality of life for students with the diagnosis of asthma. 
click here to access these resources for your own information.

educational webinar programregister for our next event!

click here to view past speaker series events.
food allergies: have a question? ask the allergist! presented by michael, pistiner, md, mmsc.
june 12th at 7:30pm
food allergies: advances in treatment with dr. sarita patil
may 14th at 7:00pm
speaker series environmental allergies and healthcare journaling
december 5th at 7:00pm
role of the environment on asthma (healthcare journaling section is not included in the recording)
beyond tuskegee
october 26 at 4:00pm
beyond tuskegee: the impact of institutional trustworthiness and everyday racism on racial diversity in research in allergies and asthma
 planning for college with food allergies
april 18th at 7:00pm
making the transition to college when you also have food allergies can require extra thought and planning. this webinar featured current college students with food allergies who shared their strategies for making a successful transition from high school to college.
and download our college allergy research document here!
tips for managing food allergies at each developmental stage
november 14th at 7:00pm
this presentation provided age-specific, evidence-based and practical recommendations for managing and coping with food allergies at different developmental stages, provided strategies for gradually involving children in food allergy management over time, and introduced the food allergy stages educational handouts created by the aaaai adverse reactions to foods committee, a new educational resource for caregivers.
food allergies and restaurants: strategies for eating out safely
october 13th at 7:00pm
a panel of experts discussed best practices for eating out and traveling with food allergies. as well as information about ongoing advocacy work and how restaurants are working to help people with food allergies enjoy eating out.
food allergy clinical trials: all your questions answered
june 6th at 7:00pm
dr. rima rachid explains food allergy clinical trials and explores cutting-edge trials currently taking place!
clear and effective patient and caregiver conversations – 
andrea rodriguez explored how to elevate patient engagement and the importance of health-literate discussions.
april 20th at 12:00 pm
changes in health insurance – coverage and costs
november 18th at 7:00pm
andrea rodriguez, rn, bsn explores how changes in health insurance may affect your coverage and costs to gain an understanding of health insurance terms, listen to examples of health insurance options, know when you can change your health insurance plan and learn how to decide between health insurance options.
disparities in the healthcare delivery system: part ii
tuesday, october 26th, 12:00 pm via zoom
a panel of three doctors: dr. quindelyn cook, dr. margee louisias: director of diversity and inclusion with the division of allergy and immunology at brigham and women’s hospital and dr. lakiea wright, associate physician, brigham and women’s hospital discussed social determinants of health, structural racism, and implicit bias play major roles in preventing health equity. over the past decade, there have been some advances in u.s. public policy, health care and research, but racial gaps in asthma and allergy outcomes have not changed. minority groups continue to bear disproportionate hardship in managing asthma and allergies. a panel of three doctors will have a roundtable discussion on health disparities as they relate to asthma and allergies.
food allergy science institute (fasi) with dr.chris olsen june 
tuesday, june 8, 2021, 7:00 – 8:00 pm via zoom
aafa new england was proud to host dr.chris olsen, co-founder and executive chair of the food allergy science institute (fasi), which brings together experts across disciplines to discover the underlying mechanisms of food allergies with the goal of unlocking the field and bringing new possibilities for diagnostics, prevention and treatment.
evaluation and management of difficult to control eczema w/dr. jordan scott
thursday, may 20, 2021, 7:00 – 8:00 pm via zoom
dr. scott reviewed the multiple triggers of difficult to control eczema and the differential diagnosis including skin barrier problems, infectious triggers, food triggers, environmental and contact allergen triggers, and management strategies.
health care disparities in the asthma and allergy community
tuesday, january 19, 2021, 7:00 – 8:00 p.m. online via zoom.
this program discusses how social determinants of health, structural racism, and implicit bias play major roles in preventing health equity. over the past decade, there have been some advances in u.s. public policy, health care, and research, but racial gaps in asthma and allergy outcomes have not changed. minority groups continue to bear disproportionate hardship in managing asthma and allergies. a panel of four doctors will have a roundtable discussion on health disparities as they relate to asthma and allergies. watch the recording here.


——–


covid-19 resource information page
aafa new england recognizes that the community we serve is particularly concerned about the impact of covid-19. we too are concerned about the health and safety of people with asthma and allergies and their families. we have compiled some information you may find useful. as always, we recommend you visit reputable websites such as the cdc and who to get the most up-to-day and accurate information. covid-19 resources>


——–
you deserve the truth about vaping

e-cigarettes and vaping resources

e-cigarettes and vaping: what clinicians need to know
e-cigarettes and vaping: what parents need to know
juuling: what pediatricians and families need to know



——–
sponsors, supporters and partners
aafa new england gratefully acknowledges our generous supporters.
corporate partners: 
the thoracic foundation


fall gala and exhibit:
platinum:



gold:
   
division of immunology

    

silver:
   

 
 

disclaimer:  the information on this website is for informational and educational purposes only. it should not be used as a substitute for responsible professional care to diagnose and treat specific symptoms. consult a qualified health care provider for advice about your specific situation.  donations received from our generous sponsors for unrestricted support of aafa new england educational programs do not imply endorsement of their products.







 

 
















name* 



 




email* 



 




city 



 


state* 



 

this field should be left blank
 

send

please wait...





 


home
about us
calendar
membership


 








© 2025 . all rights reserved.

site design by: arch creative group




   


















