



model railroad fine craft kits by builders in scale - home page













scale
all






modelsuppliesparts





p.   o.   b o x   1 4 9         
t o p p e n i s h,     w a     9 8 9 4 8




 builder's home page 

 c. c. crow 

 switchmaster 

 limited edition kits 

 evening express ho kits 

 model foundry kits 

 ho detail sets 

 scratch building & detail parts 

 o scale detail parts 

 ho scale figures 

 o scale figures 

 o scale animals 

 laserwood 

 general modeling supplies 

 latest news 

  see cart  

 price & availability 









notice - reopening slowly



we are pleased to announce our good news!
builders in scale is setting up shop!
having been in storage limbo for over a year we have moved to toppenish, washington 
and are in the process of setting up production. it's in the basement of an old house that needed 
lots of work but we are getting there. everything won't be available initially, but over time we hope most 
will be, as well as adding new items we have been working on while in storage.
supplies are limited in this soft opening. 
note: for the time being paypal is shut off as they immediately charge your account. but we 
can process your credit card through them once we are able to fill your order. or we can bill your paypal account. 
use other, and note you paypal id (email). cheers!
meanwhile, feel free to look around. if you need some assistance, for a missing 
part or question, send me an email, and i will see what i can do.  






check out these great items
7250 series - roundhouse stove detailing parts - 5500 series

the o-scale 7250-series castings are associated with c. c. crow's durango roundhouse project.
glenn farley mastered these for the drgw roundhouse stove. buy them while they are hot!
the matching ho-scale #5515 castings have been added to our line of ho detailing sets.


         


 o scale detail parts  
                        
 ho detail sets 


see   
  durnago roundhouse o-scale kit        on the cc crow web site
while i was down i developed the durango car shop and the car barn for gunnison. 
these are laser cut, with laser engraving on both sides i've branded as 2d2d. 
they both need instructions written and some final work, photos and so on. 
so that's what's new for cc crow.


the ridgway rounhouse in hon3

we are also helping with c. c. crow's ridgway roundhouse 2nd release project.



see   
  ridgway roundhouse ho-scale kit        on the cc crow web site




these laserwood kits will be available



kit no. 620 - single-stall engine house
- click on the photo to find out more -

kit no. 620 - single-stall engine house
- click on the photo to find out more -

kit no. 622 - j & j pyrite mine
- click on the photo to find out more -



our mine kits, no. 615, 616 and 565
- click on the photo to find out more -



builders in scale





fine craft kits and more!

    in 1983, our founder jim haggard released builders in scale's 
first limited run ho scale structure kit, weiry & sons, and nine others since. 
featuring plaster cast brick and stonework, laser-cut wood, etched brass parts, and 
plenty of our fantastic white metal details, we plan to release many more. these 
have come in the form of cc crow kits, so our apologies for not putting them under 
the bis label. 

    our new laserwood kits fall into the "craftsman" range of modeling, 
featuring incredible details in laser-scribed planking with thousands of nailheads 
matching the board-by-board framing. unique subjects combined with our white metal 
details and our other fine materials insure enjoyment.


    we also continue to expand on a full line of evening express series kits which, 
while smaller in scope than our limited run kits, feature many of the same great 
components. all at reasonable (post-pandemic) prices. ugh.


our evening express kit no. 606 - 630 elm street

    our ever expanding laserwood product line includes a full matrix of 
stair stringers of all slopes and sizes, stair treads, generic wood planking for 
loading docks, platforms and walkways as well as siding, roofing, fencing... and yes, we  
do many of these in n-scale. 
see details below.

more than just kits -

    for the scratch builder we offer a wide range of detailing 
parts, building materials, construction stocks, scale figures, and general 
modeling supplies, serving n, ho, s and o scales, even a few for g-scale.

    among our stocks of roofing and siding materials are tar paper, 
slate shingles and shakes, truewood laser-cut strip shingles, and our victorian 
shingles, with real metal ribbed seam and corrgation strips, in various 
widths and scale.

    our scratch building parts including miniature brass chain, now 
in five standard sizes plus one ornate, our incredible laser-cut lace curtains, 
venitian blinds, stair stringers in three slopes, and for scenery we have snow!, 
perfect for modeling the high-country, and kelp/seaweed, just right for modeling 
shorelines, and much much more.

    our ho scale detailing kits and sets include chain link fence, 
snow fence and other small models, ectched brass details, and an assortment of 
white metal details grouped in useful sets.

    for o scale we have many great white metal detail parts to choose from 
plus two dozen scale figures and animals.

    for all modelers we offer 
switchmaster 
slow-motion and virtually silent stall-type switch machines and accessories.

    our finishing products include weathering chalks, brick mortar mix, 
and our famous often copied silverwood stain, now with several additional colors.

    you'll find all of these and more within our web site.

builders in scale has moved to toppenish, washington!

    in 2002, jim haggard retired. long time friend and hydrocal kit manufacturer, 
c. c. crow, stepped in and moved the business to washington state, just north 
of seattle, where he continues builders in scale's tradition of producing 
high-quality craft kits, parts, materials and supplies. the line has been expaneded in 
many areas, adding new sizes and new colors, nwe detail patterns, whole new branches of 
laser-work and exciting new kits. always with more in the works.
    in 2024, we moved again, along with cc crow to our new home in toppenish, washington. 
as we set our shop back up we look forward to producing our full lines, and adding to them 
for everyone to enjoy.

why toppenish, washington?

    after ccc's father's passing, we could not afford to stay in seattle, ccc's home for 45 years, ours for over 20.
we were forced into storage in the post-pandemic housing crunch. after looking far and wide, by happenstance last year, 
ccc visited the northern pacific railway museum in toppenish on one of their history work weekends 
hosted by founding member doug shearer, a local retired family physician who put us to work inside a np caboose restoring the 
interior woodwork. in the mid-80's ccc had passed by toppenish and taken a few pictures of the depot as it stood in poor 
condition then abandoned by the bn merger occupied by pigeons and ghosts. doug and others took on the task of 
restoring the depot, along with running the nearby white swan branch, collecting and restoring np freight cars, passenger 
cars, and steam engines, including an s-4 class, 4-6-0 locomotive no. 1364 which was retired in 1954. 
last work weekend we tended the forge riveting the steam dome, one of the final tasks getting it back in service. 
there are also plans to build a full-size 90 ft. roundhouse based of the np standard plan, which ccc had redrawn 
from the originals around the time of his origianl visit. wow! 
      toppenish rr museum      phone: (509) 865-1911
    the museum is now packed full of np memorabilia and local history, and good people quickly becoming our friends. 
what better place for cc crow and builders in scale? it was 110 degrees when we arrived with a 26 ft. penski truck loaded to the ceiling. 
add forestfire smoke and we was wondering if he had moved to the doorstep of hell, but the house has a new hvac system, new electrical 
service, new roof, and on clear days there's a view of mt. adams and the top of mt. rainier. ccc camped up there on several of the trips 
back and forth, along with exploring various routes and railroad sights of the np, milw and gn. the town of toppenish remains a hub for the 
valley's rich agriculture, with vast stretches of hops, corn, mint, graps and so on. the topsoil is said to be 50 feet deep due to 
the missula flood after the ice age. with various wearhouses, canning, bailing, and retail, with a western theme, the 
modeling opertunities are endless. along with others long promised, some underway, we can't wait to get back into 
production, having missed our creative space. adding to that with the full scale workshops at the museum it's a great move.
    there are some issues. the house is 68 years old. while the electrical panel is new, 
the things attached are old. we are updating as needed for our equipment and lighting, updating the web sites, 
fighting with the computers, printers, and other headaches. restocking our supplies. trying to remeber how this all worked. wondering what happened 
to that box. and where to we go to get that? it's going slowly, so the cautious soft re-opening. just when you think it works- 
    we're working on it! 


genuine builders in scale detail parts!

you can see the difference



    our line includes over 500 original white metal detail parts that 
were created in our shop. most were done by our founder, jim haggard, our figures by 
ray lantz, and now others are being created by c. c. crow and friends. 
this is what makes our kits special. we actually made the original patterns. 
we didn't magically find them in a scrap box. 
we put them there!




old - new news


colorado mining kits


ore bin and trestle


    we've added several kits to the evening express line featuring 
colorado mining. we cheated a little by taking some componts of our retired limited run kits, 
such as the ore bin and the mine headframe as seen at the top of this page. 
these go along with our existing mine hoist and ore skip kit and double boiler kit. 
we've also offer the light-duty ore trestle. and the j & j pyrite mine is of our 
new design, as are the wood engine houses.
click 
 evening express mine kits   for more information.



laserwood kits!

     

laserwood kits


    we have several new laserwood kits under development. these kits 
feature incredible detail seldom found in laser kits. not only have we cut the 
outlines of the walls but we've laser-scribed the planks and added nailhead detail, 
the likes you'd only find on award-winning contest models, you know the kind, where 
the guy spent all winter using a sewing needle to emboss the tiny nail holes just so. 
well, we thought we should have that kind of detail on our new laserwood kits. 
one could argue it's better than scratch-built! add a nice handful of our 
white metal details- and these are outstanding.

    these kits include a couple of lineside wooden warehouses, an 
annex for them, one and two-stall wooden enginehouses, a car shop, a small wooden 
church, and the j & j pyrite mine and several more to come.

    many are now available with the others to follow. we will post more 
detailed information as they are released.
click 
 laserwood kits   for more information.

     

new laserwood kits


and more are coming!




c. c. crow kits

np hotel, easton, in ho scale!




c. c. crow's np hotel, easton - click on photo for details


    we are helping c. c. crow with some of his kits adding laser-work 
and white metal details. they don't get any better than this! the northern pacific 
hotel at easton would make a great resting place for your busy crews. you could 
almost call it builders in scale's kit no. 11. 

and we also do o-scale!




c. c. crow's d&rgw durango roundhouse in on3 - click on photo for details


    we are also helping c. c. crow with his new on3 kit of 
the denver & rio grande western durango roundhouse. 

    only three and some years in the works this is an incredible model featuring brick 
detail inside and out, laser-cut roofs, engine doors and details. even if you 
don't model colorado narrow gauge, 1/4-inch, or whatever, you'll appreciate the 
insight. do take a look-see. we are also doing gunnison which will appear as a 
construction series by our fellow modeler and friend glenn farley.


    and if we are lucky we'll see this model in ho scale too. 
not just part of it like some are offering, but all ten stalls with as accurate 
details as you can research. 


plus all sorts of stuff

    so you can see we are pretty busy! we are also constantly developing, improving and 
adding various detail parts, scatch-building components, laser parts and so on. 


go from here - links

    use the keys below to explore our site. and be sure to 
visit c. c. crow's companion web site. it's a combination that cannot be beat!

    unfortunately, our products are not currently available at hobby shops- have 
your favorite shop contact us, or you may order direct.

    see 
 price & availability    for details.



 builder's home page 
	    this page.
 c. c. crow 
	    our companion company's web site.
 switchmaster 
	    our premium switch machines
 limited edition kits 
	    our traditional fine craft kits
 evening express ho kits 
	    a dozen to choose from
 laserwood ho kits 
	    new additions to our ee kits
 model foundry kits 
	    special run kits
 ho detail sets 
	    assortments of our cast metal parts
 scratch building & detail parts 
	    the stock pile!
 o scale detail parts 
	    premium white metal castings.
 ho scale figures 
	    a new line coming soon.
 o scale figures 
	    figure art by ray lantz
 o scale animals 
	    seals, dogs and beavers
 general modeling supplies 
	    auxillary stuff
 instructions & plan sets 
	    replacements for our kits
 pactra paint conversion chart 
	    matching w/ floquil rr colors
 hobby shop links 
	    links to shops who carry our line
 latest news 
	    here's what we are working on
 product bulletins 
	    daily news history and detail
 price & availability 
	    the complete list


  these navagation keys are present at the bottom of each page.
  send us an 
  e-mail  
 biscrow@outlook.com
  dealer inquiries invited!


shopping cart information

if you would like to order direct, please feel free to do so via phone, e-mail, 
letter or use our shopping cart.

see  price & availability   
  for full details.


c. c. crow / builders in scale
p. o. box 149 toppenish, wa   98948

phone - (425) 355-5622 ask for "clint"
(please leave a message, text, or email specifics if i don't answer.)
weekdays, 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. pacific, (gmt minus 8 hours)



shipping schedule

we are currently shipping wednesdays and fridays. sorry, we are not staffed for rush orders. 
give us a call or e-mail if you order has not arrived within a reasonable period. 
we usually ship the same week so it shouldn't take too long.
note that the stains being flammable go by ground and
often take 10 or more working days to arrive! we know that is terrible service but it is what it is... 
it seems to be better now that they are tracked.
if it appears your shipment has gone missing-
send us a 
  missing or lost: e-mail   so we can resolve the matter for you asap. 
most orders go by priority or first class mail and should arrive quickly.

return policy

items may be returned for refund, less shipping & handling, within 30 days. 
subject to a 20 percent restocking fee if item requires repackaging. 
we want you to receive the right thing, what you want, what you need.
please send us a 
  return: e-mail   so we can be aware of your actions and understand the reason. 
hopefully you will never need to do this but if you feel  you have good reason please contact us. 

lost / replacement policy

sometimes we make mistakes. if an item is lost of missing from your order please 
let us know right away and we will replace it. if you buy something on ebay or a 
swap meet please don't expect us to put it right. we will try for a fee. and 
understand that we cannot always resupply our long retired kits. 










notice - shop re-opening slowly



this will take time, longer than we would like. stock is limited.
meanwhile, feel free to look around. 
if you need some assistance, for a missing part or question, send us an email, and we will see what we can do.  







scale
all






modelsuppliesparts




  p.   o.   b o x   1 4 9        
t o p p e n i s h,     w a     9 8 9 4 8     



 builder's home page 

 c. c. crow 

 switchmaster 

 limited edition kits 

 evening express ho kits 

 model foundry kits 

 ho detail sets 

 scratch building & detail parts 

 o scale detail parts 

 ho scale figures 

 o scale figures 

 o scale animals 

 laserwood 

 general modeling supplies 

 latest news 

  see cart  

 price & availability  








