












tampa bounce house rentals, inflatable rentals, moonwalks, jumpy rentals - a party 2 remember






















































phone
(813) 225-2622











home

rentals 

order by date
bounce house rental
combo bounce houses
interactives
water slide rental
concessions and extras
yard games
characters and entertainers
inflatable movie screen rental



info 

photo gallery
faqs
privacy policy


contact us



(813) 225-2622











let us bring the party to you!
book now






welcome to a party 2 remember !









welcome and thank you for visiting our website. a party 2 remember is a licensed and insured company servicing the greater tampa bay area. our company specializes in event and party planning with a special nod to children's parties and family friendly events.

rent from a wide variety of party equipment: bounce houses, water slides, combo bouncers, inflatable obstacle courses, interactive games, concessions, our toxic meltdown, dunk tanks, rock climbing walls, power jumps or our outdoor movie screen and much-much more!

a party 2 remember has a reputation for the ease in which we conduct business. we are reliable, prompt and professional and our equipment is always cleaned and sanitized after every use. our clients recognize our name and feel confident with the fact that we strive for the highest level of customer satisfaction in the industry by putting them first.

let us help you plan “a party you’ll never forget”! simply browse our inventory, select your date of your party or event, finally tell us where and when to arrive, place a deposit to secure your party rental, and that is it! be ready for fun!

for special requests, reservations, pricing or questions please call our office directly on the number below or message us through the website and we'll get back to you within 24hrs.

thank you for being a valued customer – your team here at, a party 2 remember
813-225-2622














 
order-by-datebounce house rentalcombo bounce housesinteractiveswater slide rentalconcessions and extrasyard gamescharacters and entertainersinflatable movie screen rental







 



 



 










book the

fun today

more info







 



 





featured items








featured items





 







what customers are saying








"wow! is exactly what i describe my experience with a party 2 remember. extremely attentive and professional! the drop-off was completed in a timely manner. i was extremely impressed with the entire encounter. i highly recommend a party 2 remember. trust me you will not regret it. will be using them again when i visit tampa. keep up the amazing job. huge thank you to the gentleman that set up the bounce house. he was so well mannered and professional."
- gina dennison


"wonderful experience start to finish! courteous service delivery, punctual and just a pleasure to do business with. the bounce house was super clean and well cared for. we would definitely recommend a party 2 remember!! everyone i interacted with was such a delight. thank you!!"
- jenn von lueders



"great service from a family owned company and very responsive, prompt and accommodating. after a very long year, darrell made a small birthday party for a very deserving 5 year old lots of fun and something he definitely will remember. would recommend a party 2 remember to anyone for their next event. very prompt efficient and clean rentals from bounce houses to tables and chairs"
- meaghan bauer















call: (813) 225-2622


















	© a party 2 remember   all rights reserved
 powered by event rental systems 






