









































ourfamilywizard - best co-parenting app for child custody











































      skip to main content
    
























select your language





english (us)english (uk)english (ca)english (au)english (nz)español




























search





search



content type
- any -blogtips & trickssolutionsvideo tutorialsregional resources






























learn morefor families


      i want to use ourfamilywizard for my family.
  family overviewproduct featuresaccount typesplans & pricingfor practitioners


      i want to use ourfamilywizard with my clients.
  practitioner overviewproduct featurescovid-19 resourcesorder brochurestestimonialsknowledge centerbloggetting startedfor families


      i want to use ourfamilywizard for my family.
  fee waiver programmilitary family discountsign uploginfor practitioners


      i want to use ourfamilywizard with my clients.
  connect to your clientscourtsget order languagefee waiver programsign up nowlearn morecontactloginmenu






sign up











































the leading app for more peaceful co‑parenting
streamline your parenting schedule, shared expenses, and communication with the #1 court-recommended co‑parenting app.


4.5 stars (78.9k ratings)








full name *



email *







leave this field blank



















 








      empowering amicable parenting
  
co-parenting can be tough. you are navigating an unexpected new reality. ourfamilywizard helps reduce conflict—so your kids have two healthy homes.















0e8da2e5-353e-44fb-a906-1a6e2533f51a
















      controlled communication
  

yes/no options to establish concise, structured communication.









ce146209-201f-492b-9b96-179f5fcf49cf


















      accountable co-parenting
  

a reliable source of truth to keep both parties following the plan.









cceb85cf-0d7f-428e-a495-fb691f864201


















      on-the-record documentation
  

an audit trail of requests, expenses, and schedule changes—all time-stamped and organized.









fac343ce-084e-4012-afd3-0d4908c0b59c


















      transparency between homes
  

stay connected to your kids even when you're apart. keep track of schedules, health and safety information, etc. 



















      powerful features custom fit to your family
  





calls




calendar




messages




expenses




info bank




tonemeter™













new: secure calling for co-parents


stay connected to your child when you're apart. use calls for a midweek chat, virtual visitation, or to talk with your co-parent.

consent is required for both parents—turn on consent when you're ready to receive video or audio calls. 
call activity is automatically documented, from who called to who turned off their mic.
calls use an internet connection, not a cell network, so your phone number is never shared.


see more features
















shared co-parent calendar


simplify your shared parenting schedule and request/accept time trades in one click—reducing tension from back-and-forth negotiation.

stay organized with color-coded time slots and real-time updates
simplify time trades with yes/no responses
solidify holiday schedules well into the future


see more features
















documented messaging


instead of sending text messages and emails, communicate through one app. ensure all communications with your co-parent remain on the record. because messages are unalterable and securely stored in our servers, you will always have one court-admissible source of truth.

timestamps record when a message was received and read, providing transparency and accountability
login history gives a clear picture of everyone's in-app activity


see more features
















easy expense tracking


tracking shared parenting expenses, attach receipt files, and keep an accurate payment history so you know who paid what and can settle reimbursements with less legwork.

specify payment responsibility splits like 50/50, 80/20, etc.
resolve unpaid expenses with in-app bank transfers via ofwpay™
always know what you owe with real-time balance tracking


see more features
















important info, on-demand


the info bank securely stores medical histories, insurance information, emergency contacts, school schedules, photos, and more—so you're never scrambling for details when they matter most.

access everything from medical records and insurance policies to school information
upload and store documents and details
reduce reliance on your co-parent for vital information


see more features
















tone-check your messages


tonemeter helps keep communication respectful by identifying and flagging emotionally charged phrases while you write, empowering productive, low-conflict conversations. 

prevent conflict before it starts with tonemeter flags
like an emotional spell check, tonemeter can improve communication patterns over time


see more features



















see more features












      try the only co-parenting app trusted by 1,000,000+ parents and professionals
  















for parents

i want to use ourfamilywizard to manage my co-parenting.















for professionals

i want to use ourfamilywizard to manage my clients.


















      #1 legal pro-preferred
  

accepted by courts in all 50 states, ourfamilywizard is the leading co-parenting app among families living separately.























      tamper-proof record
  

rest assured that your data and communication records—from messages to expenses—can never be manipulated or altered.
















      works for your situation
  

every co-parenting scenario is different. the ourfamilywizard app has the features you need even as circumstances change.












helping families living separately thrive since 2001


read more reviews


















      the app saved us
  

i can’t say enough good things about this app and website!! me and the mother of my children have been separated since our sons were 1 yrs old and before getting this app we had a lot of challenges communicating on major topics. this app saved us and always made this clear and simplistic.


        


      app review
  














      conflicts have become far less frequent
  

ourfamilywizard has been a h u g e blessing since being court ordered to use it. it has brought undeniable accountability to co-parenting my son, and the conflicts have become far less frequent. as a direct result, i have watched my son flourish and become confident and loving of both myself and his mother. no further need for counseling and a complete 180 with his academics.


        


      app review
  














      unburdens parents from stressful co-parenting
  

this app massively unburdens parents from stressful co-parenting situations. everything is logged, clearly organized, viewable by a judge, a great way to distance yourself from a toxic co-parent and keep things simple and streamlined for the benefit of the child.


        


      app review
  














      a great way to start co-parenting effectively
  

ourfamilywizard is a great way to start co-parenting effectively especially if you are dealing with a combative parent. it helps monitor and store all the messages for future references. i have had great experiences with it thus far and more than likely will be continuing to use it for the long run!


        


      app review
  





















      your next step is simple: try us for 30 days.
  

the ourfamilywizard app is risk-free with our money-back guarantee




get started today


full pricing details











      as seen in
  

















































do you work with parents?


see why more legal professionals recommend ourfamilywizard to their clients than any other co-parenting app.




learn more











 






english (us)english (uk)english (ca)english (au)english (nz)español



help



for families


for practitioners


regional resources





about



about us


blog


careers


news





legal



terms & conditions


terms for professionals


privacy policy


business records affidavits


subpoenas











    copyright © 2000 - 2025 ourfamilywizard.com® patented and patents pending






















mobile main navigation - us



sign up


login


learn more


for families



family overview


product features


account types


plans & pricing


sign up


login




for practitioners



practitioner overview


product features


covid-19 resources


courts


order brochures


sign up


login




knowledge center



overview


solutions


tips & tricks


video tutorials


regional resources


sign up


login




testimonials


blog


getting started


for families



connect to an existing account


military discount


fee waiver program


sign up


login




for practitioners



connect to your clients


more for professionals


get order language


fee waiver program


sign up


learn more




contact








close





















