



home - artistic dance center : artistic dance center





































































 call us: 305-471-4994
email us: info@artisticdancecenter.com


mon-fri: 3:30 pm-8:30 pmsaturday: 9:00 am-1:00 pm












classes
about adc

about us
our teachers
our facilities


summer camps
alumni
adt–the company
contact us
 





















ballet
artistic dance center prides itself for offering excellent classical ballet training for over 18 years. classical ballet technique is the foundation to all other dance styles.
learn more




contemporary
this is the most dominant dance discipline after classical ballet. it combines elements of ballet, jazz, and modern dance.
learn more




ballroom
much like classical ballet, ballroom technique requires much coordination and agility in order to execute the dynamic techniques correctly.
learn more








about adc
artistic dance center (adc), was established in doral, fl under the direction and vision of elizabeth acuña nuevo. since its establishment in may of 2003, it has trained it’s students for professional careers in ballet and other dance forms. in 2006, lissette salgado lucas joined the staff at adc, later to become the assistant director of the school. artistic dance center has become an independent institution focusing intensely on its mission of excellence in dance education. the school has an enrollment of more than 250 students. students at adc receive the opportunity to train with an experienced and dedicated faculty as well as guest educators from around the world. the school launched the summer intensive program in july 2003 as well as it’s summer dance camp for the young dancer. the summer program has drawn dancers from all around the country and international students from italy, mexico, venezuela, japan and more.

learn more




try one free adc classsign up now







follow us:









home
classes
about
alumni
adt – the company
contact
 
© 2025 copyright artistic dance center.  all rights reserved. 
					web design and development by crush interactive.
					


















