







home


















































 

registrationcalendarfaqsemploymentcontactparent login 
 


welcome to circle c youth ranch!register now9 weeks of summer campregister nowmay 28 - july 26register nowfor ages 3-14register nowreserve your place now!register now

welcome to circle c youth ranch!since our founding in 1965, the purpose of circle c has been to introduce young people to christ in a fun and encouraging environment. god has blessed us with over 30 acres of land and with beautiful facilities which we want to use for his glory.2024 camp registrationreturning parentsnew parentst-shirt salesfees include lunch, insurance, lockers, archery, bible, swimming, boating, horses, pony rides, hayrides, game room, crafts, and sport related activities (see exceptions below).

9 weeks of camp
may 28 - july 26
ages 3-14
$225 per week
$50 reservation fee per week reserved (non-refundable)
field trips cost an additional $50
basketball camp costs an additional $100
camp t-shirts cost an additional $20, click here to order yours (required for field trips)
space is limited

campers participating in activities with water will get wet. please make sure they have a towel and complete change of clothing.
field trips are not mandatory and not all ages will participate. camp t-shirts must be worn on all field trips.
please feel free to contact us if you have any questions.calendar and lunch menuplease note that all activities are subject to change.


faqshow many weeks of camp are there this summer? what are the dates?we will be hosting 9 weeks of camp this summer from may 28 - july 26, 2024.what are the hours of operation for camp?camp activities begin at 8:00am and end at 4:00pm. circle c provides before and after care as early as 7:00am and as late as 6:00pm with no extra charge. after 6:00pm, the camp charges $10.00 for every 15 minutes per child.when do i need to pay the remaining fee each week my child is attending?the fee is $225 (includes the $50 reservation fee). this amount is per child and should be paid no later than the thursday before the week your child is scheduled to attend camp. campers who are dropped off without payment will wait in the office until a payment has been received. please note: weekly reservation deposits are non-refundable.what should i do if i want to add a week that i did not reserve at the time of registration?if you would like to send your child to camp for a week that you did not originally reserve, you may visit your account online and add additional weeks.what are the drop-off and pick-up procedures at circle c?drop-off
boys and girls who arrive between 7:00am and 7:45am are to enter gate #3 to be dropped off through the u-shaped driveway and brought to the early care room. boys and girls ages 7-14 who arrive after 7:45am are to enter gate #4 to be dropped off down the long driveway and meet under the pavilion by the canteen. gate #4 will close at 9:00am, therefore, all campers arriving after 9:00am must enter through gate #3.
pick-up
camp activities conclude by 4:00pm. parents who wish to pick up their children before 4:00pm should enter gate #3 and park in the u-drive. the receptionist will verify their pin and call their child from their activities. at 4:00pm campers who remain will be moved to aftercare.
ages 7-14: the aftercare location will be at the playground until 5 :00pm. parents picking up campers ages 7-14 before 5:00pm should enter gate #4 and have their pin number ready. at 5:00pm, all campers will move to the preschool aftercare room. parents picking up campers after 5:00pm should enter gate #3 (the u-drive) and have their pin number ready.
ages 3-6: campers will go to the aftercare room at 4:00pm. parents picking up campers ages 3-6 should enter gate #3 (the u-drive) and have their pin number ready.what should my camper bring to camp?ages 3-6 should bring a swimsuit, towel, and sandals or crocs to wear after pool time. they should also come with either a snack or money to purchase food at the camp canteen.
ages 7-14 should bring a water bottle, sunscreen, swimsuit, towel, and goggles (if desired). if they want to purchase snacks at the camp canteen they should also bring some spending money.what is the camp dress code?please identify all clothing and towels with child’s name. we recommend tennis shoes to be worn around the camp. all shoes must have a back strap.
girls should wear mid-thigh length athletic shorts and t-shirts. no tank tops, miniskirts, tight (spandex) shorts, leggings, or tight pants are permitted. shirts must be loose and cover the shoulders, chest, and stomach. swimsuits must be one piece or a dark shirt must be worn over top.
boys should wear mid-thigh length athletic shorts and t-shirts. tank tops are not permitted.305.274.33805801 sw 120th ave.miami, fl 33183employmentdo you want to work in a christian ministry and reach children for christ? are you looking for a christian place to do an internship? join us at circle c youth ranch this summer as we minister to our campers and have a lot of fun while we do it. if you are interested in working with us, please fill out an employment information contact form below and we will get back to you.volunteercounselorbefore and after carelifeguardcanteengame roomart room (3-6)art room (7-14)boat operatorcontact us
follow us on social media! instagram facebookterms and conditions
 
agreement between user and circlec.org
welcome to www.circlec.org. the www.circlec.org website (the "site") is comprised of various web pages operated by first baptist church of westwood lake, inc. ("fbc"). www.circlec.org is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein (the "terms"). your use of www.circlec.org constitutes your agreement to all such terms. please read these terms carefully, and keep a copy of them for your reference.
circle c youth ranch is a complete summer camp program for children ages 3-14. we offer 10 weeks of summer fun in the sun.
privacy
your use of circlec.org is subject to fbc's privacy policy. please review our privacy policy, which also governs the site and informs users of our data collection practices.
electronic communications
visiting www.circlec.org or sending emails to fbc constitutes electronic communications. you consent to receive electronic communications and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically, via email and on the site, satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
children under thirteen
fbc does not knowingly collect, either online or offline, personal information from persons under the age of thirteen. if you are under 18, you may use www.circlec.org only with permission of a parent or guardian.
cancellation/refund policy
all deposits for session registrations are non-refundable. if you reserve a session week and your camper is a no-show we will refund the session cost minus the $50.00 deposit for the current session. you may cancel any session at any time during the 10 week camp season but only the balance less the registration will be refunded. all refunds will be done to the original credit card used to pay for camp. if for any reason the credit card is no longer available a refund check will be issued. please allow 7-10 business days for all refunds. example: total for each weekly session cost for the 2024 camp season is $225.00 (does not include any discount.) if you cancel or your camper is a no-show, we will refund you $175.00 for the missed or cancelled session. if you have any questions please feel free to call or email us.
links to third party sites/third party services
www.circlec.org may contain links to other websites ("linked sites"). the linked sites are not under the control of fbc and fbc is not responsible for the contents of any linked site, including without limitation any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to a linked site. fbc is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by fbc of the site or any association with its operators.
certain services made available via www.circlec.org are delivered by third party sites and organizations. by using any product, service or functionality originating from the www.circlec.org domain, you hereby acknowledge and consent that fbc may share such information and data with any third party with whom fbc has a contractual relationship to provide the requested product, service or functionality on behalf of www.circlec.org users and customers.
no unlawful or prohibited use/intellectual property
you are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use www.circlec.org strictly in accordance with these terms of use. as a condition of your use of the site, you warrant to fbc that you will not use the site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms. you may not use the site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the site or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the site. you may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the site.
all content included as part of the service, such as text, graphics, logos, images, as well as the compilation thereof, and any software used on the site, is the property of fbc or its suppliers and protected by copyright and other laws that protect intellectual property and proprietary rights. you agree to observe and abide by all copyright and other proprietary notices, legends or other restrictions contained in any such content and will not make any changes thereto.
you will not modify, publish, transmit, reverse engineer, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part, found on the site. fbc content is not for resale. your use of the site does not entitle you to make any unauthorized use of any protected content, and in particular you will not delete or alter any proprietary rights or attribution notices in any content. you will use protected content solely for your personal use, and will make no other use of the content without the express written permission of fbc and the copyright owner. you agree that you do not acquire any ownership rights in any protected content. we do not grant you any licenses, express or implied, to the intellectual property of fbc or our licensors except as expressly authorized by these terms.
international users
the service is controlled, operated and administered by fbc from our offices within the usa. if you access the service from a location outside the usa, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. you agree that you will not use the fbc content accessed through www.circlec.org in any country or in any manner prohibited by any applicable laws, restrictions or regulations.
indemnification
you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless fbc, its officers, directors, employees, agents and third parties, for any losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees) relating to or arising out of your use of or inability to use the site or services, any user postings made by you, your violation of any terms of this agreement or your violation of any rights of a third party, or your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. fbc reserves the right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with fbc in asserting any available defenses.
arbitration
in the event the parties are not able to resolve any dispute between them arising out of or concerning these terms and conditions, or any provisions hereof, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise at law or in equity for damages or any other relief, then such dispute shall be resolved only by final and binding arbitration pursuant to the federal arbitration act, conducted by a single neutral arbitrator and administered by the american arbitration association, or a similar arbitration service selected by the parties, in a location mutually agreed upon by the parties. the arbitrator's award shall be final, and judgment may be entered upon it in any court having jurisdiction. in the event that any legal or equitable action, proceeding or arbitration arises out of or concerns these terms and conditions, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its costs and reasonable attorney's fees. the parties agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims in regards to these terms and conditions or any disputes arising as a result of these terms and conditions, whether directly or indirectly, including tort claims that are a result of these terms and conditions. the parties agree that the federal arbitration act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision. the entire dispute, including the scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision shall be determined by the arbitrator. this arbitration provision shall survive the termination of these terms and conditions.
class action waiver
any arbitration under these terms and conditions will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class/representative/collective actions are not permitted. the parties agree that a party may bring claims against the other only in each's individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any putative class, collective and/ or representative proceeding, such as in the form of a private attorney general action against the other. further, unless both you and fbc agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
liability disclaimer
the information, software, products, and services included in or available through the site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. changes are periodically added to the information herein. first baptist church of westwood lake, inc. dba: westwod christian school and/or its suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the site at any time. first baptist church of westwood lake, inc. dba: westwod christian school and/or its suppliers make no representations about the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, and accuracy of the information, software, products, services and related graphics contained on the site for any purpose. to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all such information, software, products, services and related graphics are provided "as is" without warranty or condition of any kind. first baptist church of westwood lake, inc. dba: westwod christian school and/or its suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products, services and related graphics, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and noninfringement.
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall first baptist church of westwood lake, inc. dba: westwod christian school and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the site, with the delay or inability to use the site or related services, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, software, products, services and related graphics obtained through the site, or otherwise arising out of the use of the site, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if first baptist church of westwood lake, inc. dba: westwod christian school or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of damages. because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. if you are dissatisfied with any portion of the site, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the site.
termination/access restriction
fbc reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the site and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. to the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by the laws of the state of florida and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in florida in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the site. use of the site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms, including, without limitation, this section.
you agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and fbc as a result of this agreement or use of the site. fbc's performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of fbc's right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the site or information provided to or gathered by fbc with respect to such use. if any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect.
unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and fbc with respect to the site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and fbc with respect to the site. a printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. it is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be written in english.
changes to terms
fbc reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change the terms under which www.circlec.org is offered. the most current version of the terms will supersede all previous versions. fbc encourages you to periodically review the terms to stay informed of our updates.
contact us
fbc welcomes your questions or comments regarding the terms:
address:first baptist church of westwood lake, inc.5801 sw 120 avenuemiami, florida 33183
email address:info@ circlec.org
telephone number:305-274-3380
effective as of november 01, 2018terms and conditionsprivacy policy
 
protecting your private information is our priority. this statement of privacy applies to www.firstbaptistwestwoodlake.org and first baptist church of westwood lake, inc. and governs data collection and usage. for the purposes of this privacy policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to first baptist church of westwood lake, inc. include www.firstbaptistwestwoodlake.org, fbc, westwood christian school, www.westwoodchristian.rog, circle c youth ranch and www.circlec.org. the fbc website is a summer camp for kids ages 3-14 site. by using the fbc website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
collection of your personal information
we do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. however, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the site. these may include: (a) registering for an account on our site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our site. to wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. we also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
sharing information with third parties
fbc does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
fbc may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. all such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to fbc, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. fbc may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on fbc or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of fbc; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of fbc, or the public.
automatically collected information
information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by fbc. this information can include: your ip address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. this information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the fbc website.
use of cookies
the fbc website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. a cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
one of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. the purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. for example, if you personalize fbc pages, or register with fbc site or services, a cookie helps fbc to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. this simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. when you return to the same fbc website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the fbc features that you customized.
you have the ability to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the fbc services or websites you visit.
links
this website contains links to other sites. please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
security of your personal information
fbc secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. fbc uses the following methods for this purpose:
- ssl protocol
when personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the secure sockets layer (ssl) protocol.
we strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. as a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this site cannot be guaranteed.
children under thirteen
fbc does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. if you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
e-mail communications
from time to time, fbc may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
if you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from fbc, you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email we send from our website.
changes to this statement
fbc reserves the right to change this privacy policy from time to time. we will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. your continued use of the site and/or services available through this site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified privacy policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that policy.
contact information
fbc welcomes your questions or comments regarding this statement of privacy. if you believe that fbc has not adhered to this statement, please contact fbc at:
first baptist church of westwood lake, inc.5801 sw 120 avenuemiami, florida 33183
email address:info@ westwoodchristian.org
telephone number:305-274-3380
effective as of november 01, 2018privacy policyconduct and discipline
 
attendance at circle c youth ranch is a privilege, not a right. circle c youth ranch reserves the right to refuse enrollment and to dismiss or request the withdrawal of any camper whose conduct or character, in the opinion of the director, is considered a harmful influence to other campers. when such becomes necessary there is no refund on registration fees or tuition. campers will be responsible to repair or replace any broken windows or abusive destruction of property. campers may not bring weapons of any type to camp. we do not tolerate the use of foul language or any form of tobacco or drugs. campers bringing tobacco or drugs or vape items to camp or caught smoking/vaping while at camp will be sent home. proper authorities will be notified if needed.
if a camper's behavior is such that he or she is uncontrollable by the counselor in charge, the camp reserves the right to use whatever discipline necessary to gain and have the camper's respect (i.e. “time out,” not being permitted to participate in a special activity, a call to the parents).
please do not bring expensive watches, jewelry, electronics, etc. to camp. we cannot be responsible for these items.
dress code
please identify all clothing and towels with child’s name. we recommend tennis shoes to be worn around the camp. all shoes must have a back strap.
girls should wear mid-thigh length athletic shorts and t-shirts. no tank tops, miniskirts, tight (spandex) shorts, leggings, or tight pants are permitted. shirts must be loose and cover the shoulders, chest, and stomach. swimsuits must be one piece or a dark shirt must be worn over top.
boys should wear mid-thigh length athletic shorts and t-shirts. tank tops are not permitted.
canteen
campers will have canteen privileges mid‐morning and afternoon. during canteen time campers may purchase soft drinks, candy, snacks and ice cream. the cost of these items is not included in the weekly fee.
registration
our camp fee is $225.00 per week which includes a $50.00 non-refundable or transferable reservation fee.
tuition
all tuition must be paid by the thursday prior to the week your camper will attend.
the tuition is for all ages from 7:00 am to 6:00 pm. this includes insurance, lunch, and all regular activities *see note. there is no discount for a partial day or for siblings. the day’s program is from 8:00 am to 4:00 pm. there is no additional fee before 8:00 am or after 4:00 pm. if children are not picked up by 6:00 pm there is an extra charge of $10.00 for every 15 minutes (applicable to all ages).
insurance
insurance is included in the weekly tuition fee. coverage provided is a “secondary limited medical reimbursement” policy, covering emergency and first aid services.
swimming
girls must wear a modest one‐piece bathing suit and bring a rubber cap. two‐piece bathing suits are prohibited.
boys must wear bathing suits, no cut‐offs are allowed.
please identify your child’s bathing suit with their name. each group has a daily pool time (weather permitting).
locker
campers (ages 7‐14) are encouraged to use lockers to store their belongings. lockers are limited and are available on a first-come, first-serve basis. this provides minimum security for personal belongings. campers are to provide their own padlock to secure their personal belongings. all lockers must be emptied every friday. we will cut off locks and empty all lockers left locked.
boating
campers are taken on a boat ride on the snapper creek canal that runs alongside our property. each camper is provided a life jacket. weather permitting. * campers ages 7‐14 additional fees apply to all‐day‐long field trips and sports camps. please visit our camp office for more information.conduct and discipline©2024 circle c youth ranch. all rights reserved.address: 5801 sw 120th ave., miami, fl 33183  phone: 305.274.3380

 






 registration calendar faqs employment contact parent login




