







inn at the beach | venice fl hotels on the beach















skip to main content
skip to footer
go to accessibility page



inn at the beach



location & directions
941-484-8471










accommodations

rooms & suites
property map
guest reviews
accessibility



amenities

faqs



activities

shark tooth hunting & beachcombing
watersports & beach yoga
nearby golf courses
sightseeing


photos
special offers
area guide
location & directions



book now








check availability









read about the precautions we are taking in response to covid-19.




venice, florida's premier beachside hotel



















inviting rooms to suit every personality
whether your tropical getaway wish list includes cozy quarters for just the two of you, or room for the whole family, the inn at the beach's spacious, comfortable accommodations welcome you with thoughtful amenities and relaxing spaces just across from venice's white sand beach and the sparkling gulf of mexico.


one bedroom suite
 

two bedroom suite
 

book now


standard rooms



studio efficiency
 

photo tours
 




close to everything, yet away from it all
a relaxing island escape is what you can expect from our 49-room boutique retreat nestled beside the gulf of mexico in sunny venice, florida. set among lush landscaping, the inn's peaceful, intimate setting eases you into dreamy vacation vibes. as the premier beachside destination in venice, inn at the beach is devoted to providing our guests with impeccable, friendly service as they unwind in our pristine, tropical oasis.



local dining
 

shark tooth capital
 

venice avenue
 

steps to the beach
 





shark tooth hunting & beachcombing
 

nearby golf courses
 

activities for everyone
close to everything, yet away from it all. the inn at the beach is an elegant, boutique hotel in the heart of beautiful venice, florida. located just steps from the turquoise waters of the gulf of mexico, the inn is a soothing sanctuary for your next beach getaway.

venice beach, known as the shark tooth capital of the world, is a spectacular place to take a stroll and search for ancient fossilized shark teeth and other treasures from the sea, or simply settle into the soft sand to enjoy the sun and balmy gulf breezes.

the inn faces venice's lovely heritage park, where you can take a shaded walk along winding pathways into the historic downtown, a charming spot to shop, dine or enjoy a show. play a round of golf at one of the local championship courses or try tennis, fishing or boating – all are just a short drive from the inn.
learn more


watersports & beach yoga



sightseeing
 





discover venice
explore the pristine beaches, great restaurants, golf courses and other activities that make venice the perfect choice for your next tropical escape in paradise!





join our mailing list for news & offers:












inn at the beach
725 west venice avenue • venice, florida 34285
© 2025, website by l.e.t. group
site map • web accessibility
visit our sister property: tropical beach resorts








phone: 941-484-8471
toll free: 800-255-8471































