







	the home page of world wisdom - perennial philosophy and the world's great spiritual traditions
























sign in
. don't have a world wisdom id? 
sign up





































































books





dvd





series





discounts













browse all titles





new titles





future titles





illustrated titles













authors





contributors













browse all eproducts





nature/others





american indian





buddhism





christianity





hinduism





islam





judaism





taoism/confucianism





sacred places













desktop wallpaper





estationery





screen savers













desktop wallpaper





estationery





screen savers













desktop wallpaper





estationery





screen savers













desktop wallpaper





estationery





screen savers













desktop wallpaper





estationery





screen savers













desktop wallpaper





estationery





screen savers













desktop wallpaper





estationery





screen savers













desktop wallpaper





estationery





screen savers













desktop wallpaper





estationery





screen savers













new members





your account





ww book club













online library of articles





online film clips













american indian





edward curtis





perennial philosophy





shakespeare and spirituality













american indian





buddhism/shinto





edward curtis













links





news





ways to help













about us





contact us





press room





copyrights





links to us





booksellers





desk copies













bookseller locator





bookseller trade






















  new titles from world wisdom


























feature












 recent award
      winners for
      world wisdom &
      wisdom tales books:




2023 nyc big book awards

letters of frithjof schuon: winner in the “philosophy” category
the clever wife: a kyrgyz folktale :  winner in the “children’s picture book” and “book interior design fiction categories
little bear: an inuit folktale: distinguished favorite in the “children’s picture book” and “book cover design – children’s picture book” categories
zen and the ten oxherding picture :  winner in the “children’s picture books” and “book cover design – children’s picture book” categories



2022 midwest book awards

the eye of the heart: a new translation with selected letters  :  finalist in the “non fiction – religion/philosophy” category
the generous fish : finalist in the “fiction – children’s picture books” and “design – illustration” categories
a peacemaker for warring nations: the founding of the iroquois league :  finalist in the “design – interior design,” “non fiction – biography,”  and “non fiction – history, regional” categories
spirit of the cheetah: a somali tale : finalist in the “design – interior design” category




 

 
2022 nyc big book awards

the eye of the heart:
        a new translation with selected letters : winner in the “spirituality” category
guru nanak: first of the sikhs :  winner in the “picture books — multicultural” category
a peacemaker for warring nations: the founding of the iroquois league : distinguished favorite in the “children’s education” category
zen and the ten oxherding pictures :  
winner in the “children’s picture books” and “book cover design – children’s picture book” categories




2021 annual “best book” awards

the generous fish : finalist in the “children's religious” category
a living islamic city: fez and its preservation :  finalist in the “history: general” category
shiva :  finalist “children’s picture book: hardcover nonfiction,” “children’s mind/body/spirit,” and “children’s religious” categories
story of the mongolian tent house : finalist in the “design – interior design” category
















free eproducts










                                    visit our free 
                                    ecards,
                                    estationery, 
                                    desktop wallpaper and 
                                    screen savers, 
                                    available in american indian, christian, buddhism, hindu, islam, taoism, judaism, and nature themes.
                                













view today's inspirational quote.













home | 
                    books | 
                    dvds |
                    authors | 
                    eproducts | 
                    members |
                    slideshows | 
                    library | 
                    image-gallery |
                    links |
                    about us






                        privacy statement
                        copyright © 2008
                        

















the new
						 website for our
					children's books imprint:

wisdom tales press

		wisdom tales press is our imprint for children. it was “created for the purpose of sharing the wisdom and beauty of cultures from around the world with young readers and their families.” a number of wisdom tales press books have already won prizes for their illustrations and stories. we invite you to click here to explore the new wisdom tales press website, which has many beautiful sample pages, detailed author pages, free activities for children and classes, teachers’ resources, and more.










film clips












a new, free, online video on
              the origins of the perennial philosophy

origins of the perennialist school is a free, online, 49-minute documentary from world wisdom. it is an overview of the school of thought called the perennialist school. the video summarizes how the perennial philosophy developed as a school of thought, and the ideas and people that have been central in its development. it also includes clips of such central figures as frithjof schuon, martin lings, and seyyed hossein nasr.

the video is divided into these sections: origins of the perennialist school; tradition and the perennial philosophy; the perennialist school of thought; the founders; other perennialist authors; the perennial philosophy in modern academia; and the final section, which includes a symbolical demonstration of how the diverse religious traditions are connected to the one truth, and thus to each other, as well as a summation of the theme of the video.

the video was written and directed by jennifer casey. origins of the perennialist school can be viewed here (on the world wisdom perennial philosophy resource page), or on youtube.













authors / contributors












                                    some of our authors and contributors are:
                                    
sri anandamayi ma
karen armstrong
black elk
alfred bloom
titus burckhardt
ananda k. coomaraswamy
rev. john  chryssavgis
joe medicine crow
edward s. curtis
james cutsinger
hh the dalai lama
charles eastman (ohiyesa)
rené guénon
honen shonin
hh the 68th jagadguru of kanchi
martin lings
sri ramana maharshi
thomas merton
seyyed hossein nasr
harry oldmeadow
hrh charles prince of wales
swami ramdas
samdhong rinpoche
e. f. schumacher
frithjof schuon
huston smith
thomas yellowtail
metropolitan kallistos ware


















