







commack soccer










































































































              home
            



            programs
          

            schedules
          

            fields
          

            rules
          

            policies
          

            uniforms
          

            topsoccer
          

            submit photos
          













































































home











programsschedulesfieldsrulespoliciesuniformstopsoccersubmit photos









scroll


















february break camps & training programs
we will be offering camps and training programs during february break! for more information and to register, please click here.























spring break camps
we have two exciting camps taking place over spring break! to learn more and to register, please click here























winter programs
registration is now open for all winter programs. click here for more information and to register!























registration 
registration for our winter programs is now open! secure your spot today.learn more ➝























schedules
access schedules for intramural and travel games, developmental training, our shooting stars program, club board meetings and more.learn more ➝























uniforms
u5/u6 pee wee uniforms are available at the burr concession stand on the first day of intramurals.  u7/u8 are ordered online.learn more ➝













updated field map as of spring 2024




    learn more
  











 













submit your photos!
we love to see and share your photos and videos throughout the season.  now it’s easier than ever to share with us.  we’ll post the best ones on our social media channels.  learn more ➝













february camps



spring break



winter promo



reg promo



schedule promo



uni promo



field layouts



photos promo






































hours






































about usdirectoryparticipationresourcesscholarshipstryoutsby lawscontact ustryout results










