

ivr and voice broadcasting service. phone systems and outsourced services.












 








      




   ivr and voice broadcasting services and systems

home  |  
             contact us  |  
             about us  |  
             sign up  |  
             faq







 
ivr solutions  •  
            call center outsourcing  •  
            call center services  •  
            site map



voice broadcasting  •  
            ivr  •  
            easyivr mobile  •  
            call center technology













community programs

medication reminder calling service
call reassurance
church calling service
school announcement service
latchkey kids
reminder call service
emergency broadcasting service

















ivr and voice broadcasting



easyivr is the voice broadcasting and interactive voice response (ivr) service division of database systems corp. (dsc).  
since 1978, dsc has been providing information products and services for the telecommunications industry including call center software and services.

ivr hosting service

dsc provides complete ivr hosting and ivr outsourcing at our secure data center.  using our award winning ivr software, we can provide your organization with a highly customized and affordable phone service.  because our experienced staff has developed hundreds of unique applications, there is virtually no answering service application that we cannot perform.

voice broadcasting service

voice broadcasting is becoming one of the most efficient and economical means of communications today.  our voice broadcast service calls numbers from a computer managed list and plays a pre-recorded message to the call recipient or answering machine.
our call center can place one call or millions of calls.  we offer the most comprehensive and flexible programs in the market today including computer initiated dialing using our xml push technology.  large bulk dialing can be performed using our mass calling service.  

contact dsc  today for a free analysis and quote and to learn more about our voice broadcasting and ivr services.  


custom ivr and voice broadcasting systems






ivr systems




database systems corp. provides the pacer digital phone system which includes our award winning ivr software.  
this system employs industry standard intel / dialogic components and can perform simultaneous inbound call answering and outbound voice broadcasting calling campaigns.  starting with a single t1 board, this system starts with 24 lines and can grow to thousands of lines using our networked systems approach.
 
dsc also provides an economical and expandable analog phone system that can perform both ivr and voice broadcasting.  starting with a minimum of 4 lines, our voice broadcast and ivr system can be totally customized by our professional staff or we can provide you with our comprehensive ivr software development kit. 
your interactive voice response applications can be easily ported to our pacer digital phone system when your call volume requires a larger system. 

complete voice message broadcast features





call management reports





broadcast messages to "live" individuals
automated computer generated phone calls
single call broadcast with xml push
customized touch phone responses
acd systems (auto attendant) features
database access for telephone services
text to speech and data conversion
email notification of call results
remote database access with xml pull
remote call transfer through dial out
multiple ivr hosting centers
timeout features and call control options
bulk message blast with low flat rates
call transfer to live agents
complete online reporting and call management
automatic opt out feature through call identification
leave different message on answer machine
professional voice over talent for on hold message voice overs
touch phone response control for both parties
voice broadcast with do not call checks
hearing impaired  tdd / tty phone device support
comprehensive ivr management reporting

register online for our service

dsc provides both voice broadcasting systems and outsourced voice broadcast services. the dsc autodialing phones incorporate the latest processors from intel and are managed using windows operating systems. dsc also utilizes computer telephony components that control the phone functions. 






online registration




the dsc voice broadcast system manages phone lists and instructs the phone controller to dial a number. if the call is answered (either by an answering machine or an individual), a pre-recorded phone message is played. if the voice broadcast system detects a no answer condition or busy signal, the message can be rescheduled for delivery later that day or into the following day. 

dsc now provides an online signup for both non-profit and business organizations wishing to use our voice broadcasting outsourcing services.  signup is easy and can be completed in just minutes!  our competitive rates are affordable, even for the smallest calling campaign.

use this form to obtain a quotation and pricing information.  when you are ready to start calling, simply provide us with your payment information.

both emergency and non-emergency voice broadcasting services can be provided by dsc.

to register online, click on the the online registration image or button on the right.




call reassurance program (care)

database systems corp. provides phone systems and software that assist communities by automatically calling homebound residents, particularly the elderly, ensuring their well-being.  this program is called care, or call reassurance.  

care recipients receive a daily call and if our phone system determines that the call is not answered, our care program automatically contacts a family member or community worker.  care systems incorporate both voice broadcasting and ivr technologies.





signup for individual care




besides care systems used by communities and service organizations, database systems corp. provides a senior calling service directly to individual citizens.  this service calls subscribers to ensure they are ok or to remind them to take their medications.  

dsc partners such as senior community centers and law enforcment organizations can provide this daily check up calling service to their communities using our ecare program.  the following individual calling programs can be performed using our daily calling service.


call reassurance - senior calling service
  latchkey kids - after school call service
  reminder calls - send reminders 
  emergency calls - broadcast emergency message




for complete information about our care program, please visit the telephone reassurance website.

what we provide



interactive voice response systems (ivrs)
ivr outsourcing / 800 toll free phone services
bulk calling campaigns for millions of calls
xml push technology and phone messages
voice broadcasting dialing projects
voice mail broadcasting campaigns
customer business phone service
outbound telemarketing services
ivr application software toolkit
campaign development and design
online voice broadcast administration
toll free number service implementation
voice broadcast hosting services
custom voice mail broadcasting reports
call center outsourcing / telephone services
text to speech software conversion
complete voice mail services
"press through" response to your agents
message on hold messages with voice overs
database voice message software integration
quality transcription services
ivr maintenance solution
professional voice recordings for phone services


call center services



bulk voice blast / message blast service
invoice payment
interactive voice response service reports
bulk calls and lead generation
customer satisfaction surveys
political advertising
inbound telemarketing services
appointment reminders
voice message telephone services
outbound call center outsourcing
product ordering and fulfillment
interactive voice response service
hearing impaired tdd / tty devices
inventory services
flexible voice mail service
800 answering service



voice mail software
open ivr solutions
employee testing/studies
customer surveys & loyalty programs
telephone answering services
account status telephone services
locator services
shipment tracking
payroll and business phone service
call reminders
800 phone service
outbound telemarketing services
claims reporting by telephone service
emergency notification
business voice mail services
voice messaging service



contact database systems corp. today

contact database  today for a free analysis and quote and to learn more about our computer telephony integration cti solutions and call center solutions.












          
easyivr and easy ivr are trademarked by database systems corp.         
 copyright © 1998 - 2021 database systems corp. all rights reserved.









