



















 

home - pennsylvania one book website









































 

skip to content









homecurrent program 




previous programsfeedback












homehslc_wpadmin2025-01-27t14:15:58-05:00




pennsylvania one book early literacy program

the pennsylvania one book initiative is a valuable program that highlights the importance of early literacy development in preschoolers and the significance of reading early and often to children, as well as engaging them in conversation and other activities around books. the program has remained successful in part due to the partnership of collaborating agencies that all support early childhood literacy efforts. each year, a different children’s picture book, is chosen by the committee to be highlighted. the pennsylvania one book program is entering its 19th year promoting the value and benefits of reading early and often to preschoolers.
the 2025 pennsylvania one book title is arlo draws an octopus, written by lori mortensen and illustrated by rob sayegh jr. 
from the publisher:
when arlo decides to draw an octopus, he can’t help but think that maybe he’s just not an octopus drawer. his drawing has a head that looks like a hill and eight squiggly arms that look like roads. it’s an octopus disaster-piece! but just as arlo vows to never draw an octopus again, he makes a discovery that changes his perspective about his drawing . . . and much more.
activities for arlo draws an octopus coming soon!






 
 






 this project is made possible in part by library services and technology act (lsta)
funds from the u.s. institute of museum and library services and through the
commonwealth of pennsylvania's library access funds administered by the
pennsylvania department of education, office of commonwealth libraries.
the views, findings, conclusions, or recommendations expressed in this website
do not necessarily represent those of the u.s. institute of museum
and library services or the pennsylvania department of education.
© copyright 2012 -    pennsylvania one book: every young child. all rights reserved.	


facebooktwitterinstagrampinterest
 
 
 
 


 
 














































































go to top




