




 



home - crown plastics











we provide more fun, less friction, and no noise


































































crown plastics
menu
            






search for:

search


markets

material handling

chute spirals get slicker and faster chutes while saving 30% compared to traditional sheet-based uhmw.
chute liners get slicker and faster chutes while saving 30% compared to traditional sheet-based uhmw.

slider strips & rollers make your warehouse more efficient, safe, and cost-effective with crown’s distribution center solutions.


boardsports snowboards & surfboards
get the smoothest, slickest and most consistent material to please even the toughest snow, surf and wake enthusiast
automotive automotive panels & frames
eliminate problems associated with buzz, squeak, and rattle (bsr), and noise, vibration and harshness (nvh) for extended vehicle life.
marine boat bottoms
get an effective, affordable way to coat the bottom surfaces of the aluminum boats with setup in 1.5 hours.
railroad railroad rails & ties
eliminate wear and noise between rails and ties, extending the life of materials.


distributors
solutions

reduce friction crown uhmw-pe products
greatly reduce friction in an array of applications and deliver better speeds, higher productivity, fewer jams, longer belt life and even reduce energy consumption.
reduce noise innovative durasurf products
reduce noise in package handling, distribution centers, automotive and manufacturing parts and assemblies.
custom solutions crown plastics’ continuous compression process produces a smoother, more consistent uhmw material and allows for special lengths with no scrap or waste for larger custom orders.
why durasurf? the incredible durability and versatility crown’s manufacturing and use of uhmw-pe makes it a favorite among engineers and designers in nearly every industry worldwide.


company

careers
equipment
technical support
application recommendations
contact us
glossary


shop
request quote









the slickest uhmw with a turnkey solution.
crown’s unique belt press production method gives you the competitive edge you need by reducing scrap and eliminating unnecessary shipping & handling costs—while providing the highest quality uhmw.      we don’t make chutes, we make the stuff that makes chutes work!











material handling
get the slickest and most cost-effective solution for your custom chutes & material handling needs with crown's turnkey solutions.









boardsports
with crown's unique belt press production method, you get the slickest, gold medal level uhmw for your boards.









automotive
eliminate squeaks and whistles and extend the life of your vehicles with uhmw solutions from crown.












save on costs
don't pay for scrap you can't use—we produce uhmw at any thickness between .030"-.30" at sizes that best meet the needs of your materials.







easy to install
crown is with you every step of the way, from manufacturing to design to installation. save 30% by eliminating the shipping & handling costs others require to get the job done.







superior slickness
our proprietary belt press technology and silicone-impregnated uhmw gives you the slickest finish, proven to last 14x longer than typical carbon steel.







crown silent roller
our silent rollers are bearing-free, combining superior design and higher-quality materials to deliver exceptional performance with less noise for your conveyor systems.
designed without ball bearings and using crown’s uhmw, which offers greater wear resistance than stainless steel, silent rollers provide the best belt wear performance and protection. the result is less noise, better working conditions, less maintenance, and lower inventory costs!
learn more










crown roller plates
with an industry-leading design and superior materials, our roller plates to work for very low incline areas. they keep even light objects moving, but with the strength and durability to handle continuous high-impact and heavier loads.
better design and better material make a better solution for high-volume and high-load areas for superior material handling performance!
learn more










best seller:
crown’s sts slider strips
sts durasurf™ slider strips extend the life of your systems and save maintenance costs, all while further reducing noise in your facility.
learn more










crown return bar covers
crown return bar covers are a simple solution to eliminate vibrations and reduce friction and amp draw. they snap on to the steel bars and install in minutes, creating a safer, quieter system that extends the life of belts, lacings, bars, and drives.
with three standard sizes (1.5”, 1.75”, and 2”) and at 6” in length, they fit all quarter-round bars. orders come with 25 bar covers.

cr07631 (1.5”)
cr07632 (1.75”)
cr07633 (2.0”)











get premium quality chute liners and save on costs.
crown’s unique belt press production method and end-to-end services mean you get higher quality materials—without the strain on your budget.









save up to 30% compared to other uhmw manufacturers.
with only 7 belt presses in the world, crown offers unrivaled technology that reduces scrap and provides a turnkey solution­—saving you time and money.
request a quote




why crown plastics?





technology


the only 7 in the world
crown is the only company with the unique belt press technology, allowing us to provide uhmw with unrivaled quality and performance.





service


turnkey solution
we're more than a uhmw manufacturer—from designing to installation, our turnkey solutions save you time and costs.





quality


the best material
with silicone-impregnated options, crown's durasurf is the slickest uhmw with the smoothest finish you can find. we also have many ways to make our material adhesive-backed for easy installation.





product


custom runs for your needs
crown's belt press technology allows for custom thickness between .030-.25" on panels sized to your needs, reducing wasted scrap.






how to buy
find a distributor close to you to start using crown’s high quality, cost effective solutions for the material handling industry.
find a distributor






we’re up to the challenge.
see how crown’s durasurf™ stacks up against the alternatives:





uhmw production
watch the short video below to learn why crown plastic’s is the #1 choice for uhmw production.





crown challenge – durasurf vs galvanized steel
crown plastics demonstrates how their durasurf™ uhmw product, applied to package handling chutes, out performs galvanized steel.





sts durasurf™ slider strips
watch the short video below to learn more about how crown plastic’s uhmw strips can help your conveyor belts run smooth and trouble-free.













														crown plastic’s unique adhesive backed uhmw facilitates quick and easy installation.  pressure sensitive uhmw tape allows for 100% of the material thickness to be used in wear applications, which is not the case with mechanically fastened product, offering our customers valuable labor and hardware cost savings!
													
 - alexander, industrial sales








														we consider crown plastics to be our standard product line for uhmw. this is due to providing superior product at a great price point as well as exceptional customer service. the custom opportunities that crown is able to provide is unmatched.
													
 - buyer at a major manufacturer







durasurf™ products












durasurf™ asc-uv















durasurf™ bsr















durasurf™ eta















durasurf™ sts















durasurf™ dbr return roller















durasurf™ sw 2001















durasurf™ 4001















durasurf™ e801















durasurf™ e901















durasurf™ noise damping bumper









want a more cost-effective, turnkey solution for your uhmw needs? we can help.
let’s talk






contact us
north america
				116 may drive
				harrison, oh 45030
				(800) 368-0238
sales_information@crownplastics.com

© 2025 crown plastics, inc. all rights reserved.










 
