














ohiodance



































anti-racism and equity assurance resources









ohiodance is committed to secure the foothold of dance in ohio through increasing visibility, firming viability, and elevating the position of dance in ohio.










































previous



next









menu





home
about us

about ushistoryboardannual reportstafffunders

membership

membershipindividualorganizationaldownload brochurefiscal sponsorshipmembership directorymap in motion

festival

festivalregistrationscheduleperformanceguest artists & faculty presenter biostravel & lodgingadvertisearchive

virtual dance collection
resources

resourcesohio teaching artist rosterperformance calendarjobsauditionsclasses & workshopsrehearsal spacelinks

education

educationcurriculum developmentprogram developmentprofessional developmenthealth & wellnessresearch

news and events

latest newsnewsletteradvertise

podcast
contact








welcome to ohiodance






donate to ohiodance










save the date
2025 ohiodance festival
april 25-april 27
location: the ohio state university, dance department, sullivant hall, 1813 north high st., columbus ohio 43210
guest artist christopher kaui morgan and malashock dance christopherkmorgan.com; malashockdance.org

2025 ohiodance festival brochure
sign up for sessions online:2025 ohiodance festival registration https://forms.gle/jgtg1a7xt5chtsyu9
payment information go to: https://ohiodance.org/festival/registration/


2025 ohiodance festival bfa/ba college, trainees, pre-professional applications
deadline extended february 11, 2025  https://forms.gle/8q1sdeg3u2jz6fen7  
awards
2025 maggie patton dance award and ohiodance outstanding dance student award
due february 18, 2025 https://forms.gle/n3v4w4mz2zyefecaa
2025 padma chebrolu dance award and ohiodance exceptional college/university dance student artist award deadline march 1, 2025. https://forms.gle/b1eqhadbhk3kmyrn7



 

 
2024 statehouse holiday performance
december 5, 2024 – ohio statehouse atrium, columbus, ohio




ohiodance podcast “a state of dance”
found on apple https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/a-state-of-dance/id1775533341
season two, episode six: our guests for the season finale are griset damas-roche and amy schofield. 
season two, episode six:
s2 e6 · a state of dance
flamenco’s past, present, and future through a latinx lens with
griset damas-roche and amy schofield
executive producer: jane d’angelo
editor and audio technician: jessica cavender
music composition: matthew peyton dixon

ohiodance is a state-wide service organization that supports the entire dance ecosystem in ohio.
mission statement: to secure the foothold of dance in ohio through increasing visibility, firming viability, and elevating the position of dance in ohio.
purpose: keeping dance alive.
values: respect, integrity, love of dance, intentionality of cultural diversity, relationships, connection, and community.
vision:a communal physical space to share the power and joy of dance.


ohiodance works diligently to advocate at every level of government and in every community about the impact dance has on the state’s economy, and also the impact it has on quality of life and educational attainment.
based in columbus, ohio, ohiodance presents the arts to the community through festivals, conferences, performance opportunities, a virtual dance collection, educational resources, professional networking, newsletters, and dance artist services. ohiodance is dedicated to ensure equity for all races, genders, orientations, and beliefs, related to programming, constituents, members, partners and vendors.
visit the columbus foundation’s the giving store to make your donations online!
kroger community rewards www.krogercommunityrewards.com 
ohio dance #87132
ohiodance is supported through grants from ohio arts council, america 250 ohio, the national endowment for the arts, arts midwest gig fund, greater columbus arts council, columbus foundation, the ohio state university dance preservation fund, and akron community fund.
accessibility statement: ohiodance is committed to ensuring the accessibility of this website and its content. ongoing efforts are documenting areas for improvement and a plan is in place to increase access. if you cannot access information on any page of this website, would like to report inaccessible features, or would like information in another format, please contact ohiodance at jane@ohiodance.org or 614-224-2913.


return to top






search






donate to ohiodance





join us
check out the latest news
sign up for our email newsletter
advertise with us



preview the virtual dance collection








77 s. high st., 2nd floor
columbus, oh 43215

© copyright  – ohiodance













© copyright 2025 – ohiodance










