





















jewish studies program at uc davis










      skip to main content
    






menu


jewish studies program at uc davis






























open search




search













main navigation (extended config)



          news and events





news and events





          people





core faculty


visiting professor


affiliated faculty


lecturers


staff





          courses





current courses


past courses





          academics





minor


scholarship


awards


publications





friends of jewish studies















 




















 

courses


courses
view jewish studies courses offered 
view courses






 

awards


scholarships and awards
scholarships and awards
view






 

minor


the jewish studies minor
the jewish studies minor
view minor














                welcome to the jewish studies program
      



the jewish studies program at uc davis promotes research and teaching on jews and judaism in all their global diversity. our award-winning faculty are experts on topics across the scope of jewish culture and history--from the origins of the hebrew bible in the ancient near east to the vibrant multi-racial jewish cultures of contemporary america. 
jewish studies faculty come from diverse disciplines and departments across the university. in advance of each quarter we will post which offerings will count towards the jewish studies minor. we also offer plenty of opportunities to learn, discuss, and create community, from the “bagels & books” series to our jewish film series to lectures by renowned scholars we invite to come speak on campus. all members of the uc davis community are welcome. we invite you to learn with us! 







            news and events
    






marina mogliner: "a race for the future: scientific visions of modern russian jewishness"


by  sicily lerner


february 15, 2025






february 20, 2025,5:00pm sproul hall 912 





 




books & bagels winter quarter 2025 - dr. elvira basevich


by  sicily lerner


january 20, 2025






thursday, february 6, noon 912 sproul hall 





 




notes from the field: prof. sven-erik rose “ethics in collapse: the warsaw ghetto writings of yitskhok bernshteyn”


by  sicily lerner


january 12, 2025






tuesday, jan 14, 12:00-1:00 pm912 sproulprof. sven-erik rose,departments of german & russian and comparative literature





 




“sex, violence and speech in the holocaust: the case of yiddish” by dr. hannah pollin-galay


by  sicily lerner


november 14, 2024






we are excited to announce our upcoming talk, given by dr. hannah pollin-galay, associate professor in the department of literature at tel aviv university and director of the goldreichfamily institute for yiddish language, literature, and culture. her talk is entitled “sex, violence and speech in the holocaust: the case of yiddish”. please find the information below and the flier attached. we look forward to seeing you there! monday, november 18sproul hall 912, 4:00 pm.light refreshments will be served.




view all















jewish studies program
​address
one shields ave
davis, ca 95616-9611




telephone:
530-754-700
email:
jst@ucdavis.edu
donate




login
webmaster











privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap last update: february 15, 2025 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.










