








security system integration | cybersecurity solutions | tsi


































 


























employee login
client login
employment
 


our story

employee owned
our commitment
evergreen® certification


who we serve

we serve
corporate headquarters and facilities
financial and data centers
hospitals & healthcare


why us

why tsi
design & integration
our certifications
alliance partners
service areas
press


services

f.o.c.u.s.™ on service
managed services
professional services
support services
system remediation
fusion center


press
contact
f.o.c.u.s.™
search




menu


menu

 






security system integrationyou are here: home
security system integration
you are here: home


tsi service-centric security
security technology changes rapidly. one day’s ultimate solution is the next day’s outdated gadget. it’s the company supporting the technology that matters most. at tsi, not only do we stay at the cutting edge of security innovation, but more importantly, we provide guaranteed support for whatever that technology is.


our clients require f.o.c.u.s.™
tsi is a leading security system integrator bringing subsystems together through planning, design, implementation and service.
f.o.c.u.s.™ provides 24 hours a day, 7 days a week unconditional support. when you have a problem with your system, tsi guarantees on-site response and 100% functionality upon completion of the call or we’ll pay you!



100%employee owned

30+years of service

1000sof f.o.c.u.s. customers

50states + canada & puerto rico


the tsi difference

guaranteed customer satisfaction

employees that care about your satisfaction

dedicated to quality and continuous improvement

guaranteed reliability and stability. we’re not going anywhere…ever.
guaranteed customer satisfaction
employees that care about your satisfaction
dedicated to quality and continuous improvement
guaranteed reliability and stability. we’re not going anywhere…ever.
guaranteed customer satisfaction


tsi awarded 5 diamond monitoring center designation
the monitoring association (tma) is pleased to announce that tsi inc. – buford, ga has renewed the prestigious “tma five diamond monitoring center” designation. this designation is granted annually to monitoring centers that satisfy all of the requirements of the “five points of excellence”
tma’s five diamond designation means, in particular, that a monitoring company has demonstrated an exceptionally high degree of responsibility to their local community and their customers through the investment of time, money and commitment to quality operator training.



learn more
fusion center



evergreen certification®



learn more

consistantly ranked as one of the top security integrators
follow a manual added link

tsi is committed to serving our clients. our hard work is paying off as we move from #8 to #6 in top security integrators.
follow a manual added link

tsi is proud to rank #8 in the sdm magazine for the second year in a row as one of the nation’s top security integrators. our commitment to our clients sets us apart from the competition.
follow a manual added link

congratulations to tsi inc. they’ve been ranked #8 in top security integrators by sdm magazine. they are also the largest employee owned company on the list.


serving industries across the usa,puerto rico, & canadasecurity system integration includes access control, video surveillance, cybersecurity, intrusion and emergency notifications.


headquarters and facilities

financial and data

hospitals & healthcare

government agencies

educational

manufacturing & industrial

pharmaceuticals

national retailers

critical infrastructure

telecommunications

transportation

utilities


f.o.c.u.s.™ for our clients ultimate satisfaction

see what f.o.c.u.s.™ means to employee-owner paul mcneil

  





f.o.c.u.s.™
for our clients ultimate satisfaction®

learn more






contact info 4942 summer oak drive
buford, ga 30518
(800) 875-tech (8324) – toll free
(770) 495-8700 – local
(770) 495-1882 – fax

why uswhy tsi
service areas
security design
our certifications
alliance partners
press
servicesf.o.c.u.s.™ on service
managed services
professional services
support services
system remediation
social links 



 

alabama lic.#0897, 
alaska lic.#102921, 
arizona, 
arkansas lic.#1287, 
california lic.#883345, 
colorado, 
connecticut, 
florida lic.#eg13000289, 
georgia, 
illinois, 
kentucky, 
louisiana lic.#f983, 
massachusetts, 
michigan lic.#3601206946, 
mississippi lic.#15024359, 
nebraska, 
new jersey lic.#34bx00015300, 
new york lic.#1200290296, 
north carolina lic.#1047-csaa, 
ohio, 
oklahoma lic.#ac1216, 
oregon ccb #201954, 
pennsylvania, 
south carolina, 
tennesseelic.# 992, 
texas lic.#b11937, 
virginia lic.#11-3444, 
utah






© copyright - tech systems, inc.  






scroll to top



















