




watch overview - washington state patrol












not logged in


tuesday, february 18, 2025
























             
        





faqs
forms
help guide
login





watch · overview









login using a pre-established account


establish a new credit card account





background check fees:



name and date of birth - online - $11 each


notary request - online - $10 each


name and date of birth - mailed request - $32


fingerprint based - $58



                        fingerprint service - wsp, identification and criminal history
                        section in olympia,wa- $16
                    



                        fingerprint service - local law enforcement agencies - varies. see 
                            fingerprint
                            locations
                        




                for further background check information click on the faq link
                above.
            

important introductory information:


                the washington state patrol identification and
                criminal history section (wasis) has established this web site as the
                official internet source providing 
                    criminal
                    history conviction records for the state of washington only
                .
            

                this database is comprised of records sent to
                wasis by courts and criminal justice agencies throughout the state of
                washington only. this database includes conviction information, arrests
                less than one year old with dispositions pending, and information
                regarding registered sex and kidnap offenders. the wsp criminal history
                file also contains additional information such as arrest records that is
                not open to the general public.
            

                the criminal records privacy act specifies
                criminal history dissemination guidelines. conviction data may be
                released without restriction. non-conviction information is not
                available to the public. legislation requires that information be kept
                about the person requesting the report, such as target of the search,
                the name of the person requesting the search, and date the search was
                conducted.
            


                    wasis cannot
                    guarantee the records you obtain through this site relate to the person
                    on whom you are seeking information. searches based on names, dates of
                    birth, and other identifiers are not always accurate. the only way to
                    positively link someone to a criminal record is through fingerprint
                    verification.
                


the search will result in:



                    a candidate list of records that match or closely match the
                    search criteria used.
                

                    a no record or no exact match found response which means there
                    is no conviction record in the wsp database that match the search
                    criteria used.
                

                    a possible duplicate match indicating that there may be two or
                    more exact name and/or date of birth matches for the search criteria
                    used.
                


                you will be required to pay $11 for each name
                searched regardless of the search outcome. payment is accepted by
                debit/credit card or by billing a pre-established account.
            

                you will be required to pay $10 for each notary
                request made. payment is accepted by debit/credit card or by billing a
                pre-established account.
            

                registered non-profit organizations that have
                established an account are exempt from payment requirements when
                performing searches of convictions of crimes against children or
                vulnerable adults for prospective employee and volunteers.
            

                to establish a billing account or a non-profit
                account click on forms, then click watch account application packet.
                print the forms, fill them out and mail, e-mail or fax to the section.
            

                to establish a new credit card account please
                select 'establish a new credit card account' located in the box above
                and follow the step by step instructions.
            




                please send technical comments, questions
                and inquiries regarding this site to:

                    watch help
                    (watch.help@wsp.wa.gov)
                 or call (360) 534-2000 option 2.
                please send questions and inquiries regarding criminal history to: 
                    criminal
                    history information (crimhis@wsp.wa.gov)
                .

                    to ensure a response, please include your
                    name, daytime telephone number, e-mail address, and postal address.
                



                    view legal information
                








faqs
forms
help guide
login




copyright 2025 © washington state patrol



