








officiant guy - los angeles wedding officiant and licenses
































































skip to content



 
officiant guy
los angeles wedding officiant, california confidential marriage licenses and southern california wedding ceremonies





call us: (562) 547-3255 


 







home
contact
info

about
other legal services
testimonials
how to elope easily
how to get a copy of a marriage license or certificate in california if you lost yours
wedding officiant video
wedding definitions
southern california locations we serve

los angeles county, ca
orange county, ca
riverside county, ca
ventura county, ca
san bernardino county, ca
santa barbara county, ca
san diego county, ca


destination wedding ceremony
copyright information for the officiant guy


wedding ceremonies

ceremonies in spanish
bilingual wedding ceremony


ca marriage license

**submit your los angeles county marriage license information
california marriage license information
what happens after you sign your marriage license?
confidential marriage license california
name change in california after a wedding
orange county marriage license
how to get a copy of a marriage license or certificate in california if you lost yours


media

print

associated press
new york times
los angeles times
huffington post
huffington post again
people magazine
us magazine
long beach press telegram
southwest airlines magazine: spirit
daily mail uk
playboy magazine
love tripper
voyage la


tv shows

love & hip hop hollywood
ricki lake
ktla morning news
couples therapy
family jewels
hell’s kitchen
what’s your time worth?
divorce court
bridezillas
shedding for the wedding
storibook weddings
the real housewives of miami
kendra
other television shows




blog
wedding venues
















the officiant guy will be happy to marry you anywhere you want!
wedding officiant los angeles
serving these california counties:

los angeles county
orange county
ventura 
santa barbara 
san diego 
riverside 
san bernardino 
other california counties with transportation & time compensation

celebrity wedding officiant
what do celebrities:

gordon ramsay
milla jovovich
gene simmons
kendra wilkinson
hugh hefner
scott baio
tori spelling
ricki lake

and many others have in common? they all put their faith in the officiant guy.
from love and hip hop hollywood to hell’s kitchen, chris the officiant guy has been featured on dozens of programs in his four decades as a wedding officiant.
“real people” weddings
but you don’t have to be a celebrity to be married by the best wedding officiant in los angeles and orange counties. one of the top ceremony officiants, chris can marry you and issue you a ca marriage license anywhere in southern california as long as you are unmarried and over eighteen years old. you’ll find that chris is very approachable, helpful, and reassuring. on what is often a stressful day, he puts every wedding couple at ease.
officiant guy officiated the wedding of celebrities kendra wilkinson and hank baskett at the playboy mansion.
california marriage licenses from los angeles county for all california weddings
are you getting married in southern california? do you need a los angeles wedding officiant? or officiants in orange, ventura, santa barbara, riverside, san bernardino or san diego counties? are you looking for the top california officiants for weddings? 
call officiant guy. wedding planning can be very frustrating. engaged couples often struggle to find an officiant that gets who they are. but as los angeles’ most experienced wedding minister, he brings a calm and relatable personality to every marriage ceremony. he knows all of southern california like the back of his hand and is always eager to find new wedding venues.


an la beach wedding can be small or large, and provide a background to a ceremony. read five tips for planning a beach wedding in los angeles here.

officiant guy is an officiant in los angeles county who is flexible to perform any kind of wedding ceremony in any wedding location in southern california. whether you want a small wedding ceremony or a large wedding ceremony, a non-religious wedding or a religious wedding, he can perform any type marriage ceremony as well as include ceremony additions to create a fully customized wedding script that fits your personalities perfectly.
so if you’re looking for a great officiant in southern california, you should call chris.
confidential marriage license explained
do you need a california wedding license? you don’t have to go to a las vegas wedding chapel to elope.
you can have mobile wedding officiant for a los angeles marriage or marriage anywhere in southern california from san diego to santa barbara and from orange county to riverside. chris can also provide you with an instant, legal, confidential marriage license from the los angeles county clerk  on the spot.
there is no waiting in a long line together during business hours, there is no looking for parking, there is no traveling to the l.a county clerk’s office. there are no witnesses necessary. and he will deliver the license to you anywhere in so cal!
he is about as close as you can get to a california justice of the peace or a wedding judge because he’s an attorney and knows the law. paperwork is his second nature. check this page out to see why you want chris to issue you a marriage license.

chris enjoyed working with scott and renee and many other celebs on various tv projects.

chris was asked to officiate the marriage of celebrity scott baio and renee sloan in hollywood for vh1’s tv show “scott baio is 46 and pregnant“.
officiant guy has non-denominational wedding ministers on-call to make sure that your ceremony goes off as planned.
wedding vow kit and marriage officiant services
once you confirm that he will be the wedding officiant for your marriage ceremony he will email you a write your own wedding vow kit with a variety of sample wedding ceremonies that include a range from the traditional to the modern wedding vow, and some poem additions from the off-beat wedding reading to the classic marriage poem – -or you can write your own wedding vows from scratch. your wedding vows will be memorable.
chris will perform any sort of wedding ceremony that you want. it’s all up to you!
prenuptial agreements
you may not want to mess with the scary reality or cost of a prenuptial agreement, but it is something you should consider. please read this blog post chris wrote about prenups. since he is a lawyer but chooses not to practice as one, he can prepare an affordable prenuptial contract for you in the capacity as a legal document assistant. ask him about it.
chris also has one of the best kept secret wedding venues around, an uncrowded california beach wedding site, that he can recommend for those who want a beach wedding in southern california.
he is a nondenominational wedding minister who can make it easy for you to get married in l.a. or anywhere in southern california.
and check out some wedding ceremony ideas here. give us a call today to discuss your needs.
how to get certified copies of your california marriage certificate
click below if you need more certified copies of your ca marriage license. i can help you with that for a small fee, but here are instructions on how to get them yourself.
please read:
certified copy request forms
reviews of this wedding officiant
click below to see what couples say about the officiant guy.


read view reviews: in












 call now
(562) 547-3255






officiant for weddings




call now to talk to chris:

(562) 547-3255










officiant guy - la weddings that are stressfree






click here to submit your marriage license info.




contact form 
    (preferred for initial contact) 
    or email

chris@officiantguy.com

    (please put the date of your wedding in the subject line)

    all wedding information on this wedding website is 
    © copyright christopher robinson, 
    all rights reserved. 








officiant guy is simply the best marriage officiant

 
call now to talk to chris:
(562) 547-3255
skype name:  officiantguy 
(please arrange skype via email)
@ 2023 chris robinson, officiant guy
if you are looking for wedding ministers to perform a wedding ceremony in los angeles county, give the officiant guy a call. the officiant guy is a non-denominational wedding minister and he can issue you a marriage license and officiate your wedding any day of the week.




























looking for a los angeles wedding officiant? need a california confidential marriage license? call the officiant guy, to officiate your wedding and issue you a marriage license.
nobody has to know!







		
		             	thank you for visiting! if you'd like to get married in los angeles or anywhere in southern california, call me at (562) 547 3255. 
		                
					

























