












home inr testing | rcs



















































 





patient portal 

800-876-1010 

bill pay 

emanagement login 

enroll online 






 






our services










cardiac monitoring services





 








home inr testing services








coaguchek® xs meter









coag-sense® pt2 meter






 













patient resources










patient resources








inr frequently asked questions






 














why rcs?



















medical professionals


















contact us

























                        search
                    




 















home inr testing - focused on patient care and clinical excellence
remote cardiac services provides an all-inclusive service that enables patients to self-test inr levels at home. 

 



discover your treatment options
fill out the requested information and 
someone from our team will reach out.






first name*
please enter first name



last name*
please enter last name



email address*
please provide an email



phone number*
phone must be 10 digits



zip code*
zip must be 5 digits

















inr testing options

                pt/inr testing is a fact of life for all patients who take the anti-coagulant warfarin. our goal at remote cardiac services is to make living life on anti-coagulants safer and more convenient.

learn more about inr














getting started for patients




our pt/inr home testing services are designed to make testing as easy as possible.








providers




if you are familiar with the glucose meters that diabetic patients use, learning to use a pt/inr meter will come naturally.












better health updates
protecting patients has and will always be our number one priority
rcs patient self-testing/compliance management program offers multiple benefits:










testing

patients have the ability to test in the comfort and safety of their own home.












risk management

high-risk patients are safely removed from possible exposures to covid-19 during facility-tested inr testing.












training

our local clinical staff ensures patients are trained in and adherent to testing regimens. 





 



products we use






coaguchek® xs




easy to use with two-button operation, automatic power-on and a large, easy-to-read display showing results in about a minute.








coag-sense® pt2




this system uses exclusive smart technology to give you fast, accurate results from a simple fingerstick test.












why choose rcs?

                rcs is committed to assisting individuals with a personalized service that allows the freedom of inr self-testing from the comfort of home or while traveling. rcs provides high quality products, dependable service and reliable home delivery of supplies, nationwide, that help patients live a healthier and more educated life.

learn more about rcs

















 





policies 

careers 





this icon  indicates that you are leaving the company's website. linking to a third-party site does not constitute an endorsement by company,
but is solely provided for additional information. refer to company's terms and conditions of use for more information.
© 2025 remote cardiac services. all rights are reserved. 



affiliated entities of rcs offer a variety of additional services to help patients throughout treatment. by exiting our site and going to an affiliate site you are acknowledging these services/products are not provided by rcs and will not be covered by insurance.        











toggle 












cardiac monitoring services




home inr testing services


coaguchek® xs meter
coag-sense® pt2 meter


patient resources


inr frequently asked questions






why rcs?




medical professionals




contact us





 








 








x


            cookies help us improve your website experience.
by using our website, you agree to our use of cookies.
        

confirm


 

