






home page
















































founded in 1996, laban’s trainings has provided quality 
distance-learning trainings nationwide to satisfy the 
continuing education requirements for:
•
behavioral healthcare professionals
•
licensed professional counselors and 
•
certified/licensed drug and alcohol counselors. 
laban's trainings have been approved by nearly every icrc 
member board internationally, as well as nbcc for licensed 
professional counselors, and naadac.   we are committed 
to meeting deadlines with our exceptional services.



course selections are diverse and updated regularly to reflect 
current research findings. topics are designed to parallel most 
commonly sought after subject material, as well as specific 
course themes that are mandated by state-specific licensing 
boards, such as ethics, supervision and cultural diversity.  
committed to meet your deadline 
live support monday - friday 9am - 4:30pm est
email support 24/7 


same day turnaround 
work at your own pace
laban’s trainings understands the 
time crunch often experienced by 
the busy professional.  we mail 
hardcopy trainings within 24 hours 
of an order placement. 
our pdf option offers you an 
immediate download every day of 
the week!
              quality  
                             commitment







our programmed workbooks can be completed quickly and 
painlessly anywhere you'd like. simply read the workbook, 
complete the open book test, and return the answer sheet 
and evaluation in a provided envelope, and your certificate 
is mailed (or faxed) to you the same day we receive the 
materials!
we also offer a format that parallels 
internet based learning, without 
having to log online each time to 
complete your course work.              
our download option (click 
here) is a simple (and quick) option 
for those preferring to compete the 
training entirely on the computer and through email.
courses purchased through laban's trainings are 
valid for completion certificates for one year from the 
date of purchase.
        disability accommodations: please contact us via email or phone should you         
        require any special accommodations. laban's trainings will do its best to meet 
        your needs.



we’ve maintained low 
prices for over 25 years!  
we continue to offer 
group (or buddy) 
discount that can provide 
significant savings when 
training more than one 
person for single or 
multiple courses.
visit our discount page
 



we would be 
appreciative if 
you’d share your 
experiences with 
a colleague










800-795-5278











site 
map


home


board approvals


course selections


discounts


contact


order


top
of
page






did you know that laban’s 
trainings was the first-ever 
approved distance learning 
company in several states?  
additionally, laban’s 
trainings was instrumental in 
the development of distance 
learning protocols in several 
states.   









    service

















our email alternative allows you to purchase and receive the course immediately on your computer.  
this is by far the quickest way to earn your continuing education hours in a short period of time.  it also 
eliminates shipping costs and for our customers abroad, this can translate to significant savings!
here’s how it works!
once you’ve ordered (via phone or internet), you will receive the entire course and instructions, including 
testing materials and evaluation in pdf format.  simply download a free adobe acrobat reader at 
adobe.com and go to download section for the free reader. most computers have this application.
 you can print the workbook or view it on your computer or tablet where its convenient for you.  the only 
materials that need to be returned to laban’s trainings are the testing materials, contract and course 
evaluation.  we provide instructions to either mail or email the materials.
once we receive the materials via email, your certificate is mailed to you (and faxed if you need it right 
away).
*this process does require basic proficiency with copying and pasting parts of documents. we do not 
provide technical support so be sure you know how to download and save files to your pc, and then re-
open with the adobe reader.  we cannot receive any attachments, so testing materials and other required 
content must be pasted into the body of an email for return.  if you'd like more information on this option, 
please email us with your questions to: laban's trainings








































