







tessa texas severe storms association









































































































              home
            

              conference overview
            

            2024 conference agenda
          

            tessa store
          



            become a conference sponsor
          

            donate
          

            contact us
          

































































homeconference overview2024 conference agendatessa store











become a conference sponsordonatecontact us









scroll






  

watch the 2024 tessa national storm conference live on our youtube channelunderstanding dangerous storms through the collection and diffusion of knowledge

  







 

tessa mission statementfounded in 1993, the texas severe storms association (tessa) is a 501(c)(3) national non-profit organization founded to bring together both amateur and professional severe weather scientists in an attempt to better understand dangerous storms through the collection and diffusion of knowledge. board of directorsmartin lisius, chairman, executive director chris scott, asst. executive directorkyle carrick, treasurerdr. herbert fiala, trusteewilliam reid, trusteeglenn wise, trusteetessa does not offer membership services. current efforts are focused on severe weather education projects such as the national storm conference, which is free and open to the public. the conference is held every other year in the dallas-ft. worth metroplex. details about the annual conference are posted at this web site.

 




  

“at tessa, we are committed to severe weather safety and act as an important link in the integrated warning system.”martin lisius  |  chairman

  







 

the 2024 national storm conferencewhen: saturday, march 2, 2024, 9:00 am to 5:00 pm where: trinity united methodist church, arlington, texasthe national storm conference is a full day of presentations from some of the top severe weather experts in the country. storm spotters, chasers, forecasters, researchers, emergency managers and others gather at the conference for a day of learning and fun. it's free and open to the public, so come and join us for the biggest event in tornado alley! conference overview directions lodging and food become a conference sponsor or vendor

 






ready to help?become a sponsor




    sign up today
  



donate




    donate today
  











banner



our mission



quote



upcoming conference



join us








 

















texas severe storms association, inc.
690 east lamar boulevard #575,
arlington, tx, 76011,
united states
817-276-9500
info@tessa.org


hours
mon 9am -5pm
tue 9am - 5pm
wed 9am - 5pm
thu 9am - 5pm
fri 9am - 5pm




become a sponsordonatesafety tipstornado alley forecast centerlegalcontact us


© copyright  texas severe storms associaton. all rights reserved.







