










ccoso | california coalition on sexual offending


























skip to main content









 





ccoso 





california coalition on sexual offending 





home
informationobjectives
membership
conferences
the fay honey knopp award
job postings
ccoso chapters
links
blog

public policy & resourcesguidelines, information & position papers
treatment completion
research award information
libraryeducation articles
facts about jessica’s law and sex offenders: residency restrictions
kinsey comments
morality in media
residency restrictions on sex offenders
teen sex
using the internet

newsletter
member login

the ccoso board
contact
 













california coalition on sexual offending

 





 








after many difficult discussions, the ccoso executive board has decided to put forward a motion to sunset ccoso.this was not an easy decision to make. however, membership has dwindled, and there are no members on the books presently.secondly, it would be financially irresponsible to continue ccoso following the last annual training conferencewe barely covered our financial expenses and could not afford another annual training conference. while ccoso is sunsetting, this is not the end of the ccoso mission of promoting, "together we can end sexual abuse".some other agencies and companies will continue to provide training so professionals can receive current information relevant to the field and meet their casomb training requirements.at this time, we encourage professionals to consider calatsa membership application as an organization to meet their training requirements, regional meetings with supervision/clinicians/polygraphers, and peer consultation needs.it is not the end, but rather a passing of the torch.            








please consider joining ccoso as a member or agency sponsor!  membership allows you to stay on top of issues and updates in our field through our listserv,  the quarterly news letter perspectives, special notices sent to our membership.  you will have an opportunity to support the organziation by joining a committee to plan the conferences, support research in the field, collaborate on important topics like treatment completion and other exciting projects the ccoso is working on.membership comes with additional benefits including discounts at our conferences, and chapter trainings as well as savings for exhibitors at our sponsor fair at the annual conference and job postings on our website.for more information or to join today please visit our membership page! 









the research committee has just published their survey of jso practice characteristics and methods. you can find this document on the research 









the 2016 conference in san diego, california will be held on may 10-13, 2016 at the lovely mission valley marriott.  more information can be found on the conference page. 











user login


username or e-mail *



password *


create new accountrequest new password

 




links



 new jersey  

 bureau of justice assistance  

 american psychological association  
 




featured articles



 counterpoint: california sex offender management board guidelines on youth:   a failed attempt to be evidence-based ,  
 by l.c. miccio-fonseca, ph.d. 
 as a clinical psychologist and clinical researcher with publications in peer reviewed journals reporting the significant findings from...
read more  

 following adolescents adjudicated for sex offenses: how many are found on a state sex offender registry? ,  
 by lucinda a. lee rasmussen, ph.d., lcsw  
  

 are we really recalibrating?,  
 by l.c. miccio-fonseca, ph.d. 
 covid-19 is the global crisis of the century. the omicron variant infected millions of americans in a “viral blizzard” of cases during...
read more  


    more featured articles  

 



 








copyright 2001-2025 california coalition on sexual offending. 





privacy policy
contact us
 



 
  



