














georgia southern university | statesboro, savannah & hinesville



















































skip to main content




 

apply
visit
give
mygs




menuclose











 

about


about overview
leadership, mission, & vision
news
events
campuses
office directory



admissions & aid


admissions & aid overview
how to apply
first-year students
transfer
graduate students
adult & non-traditional
military-connected and veteran students
dual enrollment
international students
post-baccalaureate, former, and transient students
tuition and scholarships
financial aid
visit campus
meet the admissions team
orientation



academics


academics overview
degrees
accelerated bachelor's to master's
online programs
career exploration
colleges
university libraries
academic advising (carc)
academic success center
continuing and professional education



student life


student life overview
housing
traditions
the eagle experience
armstrong campus in savannah
liberty campus in hinesville
statesboro campus
dining services
student union
fraternity & sorority life
student organizations
university libraries
campus recreation & intramurals
counseling center



research


research overview
centers and laboratories
research impact areas
innovation and commercialization
community impact
information for university partners
vertically integrated projects (vip)
faculty support
research integrity
student research & creative activity



athletics


athletics website



alumni


alumni overview


 mygs
current students
news
parents & families
careers
 




apply
visit
give
mygs
 



searchclose













search




popular searches

financial aid
housing
directory
academic calendar
admissions
military students





 



 






 
 

soar beyond

              elevate your future              

              ready to take flight? hard work gets you off the ground – but the right resources, opportunities and support help you soar to new heights and see where your talents can enrich the world. georgia southern connects you to everything you'll need to go as far as you can imagine, and then further still.              


                  apply now              








 
 

soar beyond

              from wherever you are              

              you don't have to put your life on hold to get a degree from georgia southern. whether you're a professional taking online classes to reach the next level, or an on-campus student coming back to college after a long absence, there's a place for you to discover your passion, chase your goals and reach new heights.              


                  apply now              








 
 

soar beyond

              rise to your full potential              

              at georgia southern, you'll embark on a journey of self-discovery and personal growth. with our supportive faculty, diverse student body and abundant opportunities, you'll have the chance to explore your passions, challenge yourself and become the best version of you.              


                  apply now              








 
 

soar beyond

              launch your career              

              ready to take off? georgia southern prepares you for a successful career. our hands-on academic programs, industry partnerships and career services will equip you with the skills and knowledge you need to succeed in today's competitive job market.              


                  apply now              








 
 

soar beyond

              spread your wings              

              it doesn't matter if you're a first-year freshman or a doctoral student, georgia southern gives you everything it takes to take off. discover your leadership potential in one of more than 300 student organizations, get real-world skills doing undergraduate research in a state-of-the-art laboratory, or find professors who will mentor you and guide you to success. it's time to spread your wings. your future starts here.              


                  apply now              















free applicationfebruary


graduate appfees waivedfeb. 1-28


start your application now!











transform your future at georgia southern. whether you see yourself in the classroom, the c-suite or the or, a degree from georgia southern takes you places.

























 








                1of3              


an education that exceeds expectations
the world is changing, and a georgia southern education focuses on what’s next. internships, industry partnerships and other collaborations ensure you’re prepared to drive future innovation.
all majors and programs





 








                2of3              


we break barriers together
success is a team effort here. you’ll build connections with professors in our small classes while flying over any obstacles with help from our vast academic support services.
career preparation and experiential opportunities





 








                3of3              


a vibrant campus experience
tradition runs deep at georgia southern, a university with over a century of history. explore three campuses, join over 300 student groups or cheer on our 17 ncaa division i teams. you’ll have plenty of chances to make your own traditions here.
life as an eagle









tackling georgia’s biggest questionsand beyond
georgia southern research influences the industries that drive our region and protects the natural resources and coastlines so vital to our future. with a focus on manufacturing, innovation, fitness, supply chains and the environment, our faculty put their expertise to work for everybody, every day.
our research





logistics
 










which georgia companies will innovate global supply chains?
savannah is home to the nation’s fourth-largest container port. through our savannah logistics innovation center (slic) and our partnership with silicon valley venture capital firm plug and play, made-in-georgia advances find worldwide application.








functional fitness
 










how can public safety officials perform their best, mentally and physically?
staying physically fit demands regular exercise, and so does mental fitness. experts from our tactical athlete readiness and preparedness program (tarp) worked closely with state officials to help police cadets focus on all-around wellness and avoid injury.








coastal ecosystems
 










how are oyster beds and climate change connected?
our project to restore oyster beds along savannah waterways preserves a vital ecosystem while keeping carbon out of the atmosphere to help counteract climate change.








advanced manufacturing
 










how will next-generation materials improve our world?
researchers at our new center for advanced materials science are sparking innovation in renewable energy, health care, computing and countless other fields.








vibrant communities
 










how can we inspire more youth to teach?
our “teacher for a day” program, a collaboration with a local elementary school and the organization 100 black men of savannah, introduced underserved students to the doors a college education can open, as well as the opportunities a teaching career makes possible.








sustainable fuels
 










sustainable fuels
the collaborative efforts of our faculty researchers join with corporate partners are driving innovations in sustainable fuel technologies to find real solutions to the complex problems of sustainable fuel sources and pave the way for a cleaner energy future.









eagle stories
as eagles, we lift each other up to surge past preconceived boundaries. leaving your comfort zone behind means unlocking a new realm of possibility — internships that become full-time jobs, lifelong friendships and research with a rippling effect across society. see how eagles soar — and all the places they go.









jordan moreno, ’24
b.s.ed. in elementary education and teaching













 



i’ve always wanted to change the game in education. as far as i can remember, i’ve wanted to be a teacher. it’s really the only career for me. it ticks all the boxes, and i’m able to impact my future students so they can impact the world.





jordan moreno, ’24

b.s.ed. in elementary education and teaching
read jordan's story

















michiel soeting ’84
chairman of the audit committee at veon













 



it was a great opportunity. if you’re from a relatively small country, to be able to study in the united states and to get to know a different culture broadens your horizons. if i step back, those were very formative years. if you’re young and you’re in a different environment, clearly it has quite an impact on you going forward.





michiel soeting ’84

former global lead partner at kpmg
read michiel's story

















hannah bryan (noisybutters), ’18
youtube influencer with 1.25m subscribers













 



attending georgia southern is one of the best things i have done for my career. i can’t stress how often i use the knowledge from my classes in my professional career. i learned how to edit videos. i learned how to edit pictures, make thumbnails — everything you see on my youtube channel. everything!”





hannah bryan, ’18

youtube influencer with 1.25m subscribers

















mackenzie anderson, ’07
director of global purpose communications and engagement at nike













 



the foundation that georgia southern provided me has carried throughout my career. as communicators, we were taught the immense power words have to motivate and mobilize people to help shape a better world. at our core, we have to understand the relationship between the people we’re trying to reach and the brand we’re representing to build trust and belief. my professors instilled in me a global mindset that was rooted in recognizing and highlighting diversity.





mackenzie anderson ’07

director of global purpose communications and engagement at nike
read mackenzie's story

















lt. gen. leslie c. smith, usa, ret. ‘85
66th inspector general of the u.s. army













 



if you help somebody else, you think you’re helping them but you’re really helping yourself. you’re not only helping yourself, but you’re helping your family and all those other people who come behind you — because investment in others is how you move forward.





lt. gen. leslie c. smith, usa, ret. ‘85

66th inspector general of the u.s. army
read lt. gen. smith's story

















dalmyra price caesar, ’95
director for white house personnel













 



the activities i was involved with while a student at georgia southern prepared me for not just the white house, but for every role that i’ve had since graduating. georgia southern helped me hone my leadership skills.





dalmyra price caesar, ’95

director for white house personnel
read dalmyra's story



















our commitment to affordability
the average georgia southern undergraduate earns over $78,000 a year after graduation. we help you tap into those opportunities with generous financial aid that makes our already-low tuition even more affordable.
tuition and scholarships







#
most affordable college in georgia
want an affordable education? college affordability guide ranked us second most affordable in georgia 



%
first-year students received financial aid
at georgia southern, your financial aid dollars go a long way. just ask the majority of our first-year students! 



 states
get in-state tuition, out-of-state experience
residents of al, fl, nc, sc, and tn can receive in-state tuition at all three of our campuses 










how will you take flight?
eagles rise together but often with different destinations in mind — from starting or completing a bachelor’s degree to building their credentials or planning for the next life stage.












first-year students




you’re up for anything, and you’ll find it at georgia southern — new passions, big games and late nights with close friends. find the experience you live for.

learn more:
first-year admissions
student organizations
study abroad programs













adult and online students




you’ve spent a lifetime helping others around you. now, it’s your turn. online, part-time and evening classes mean you can balance work and family responsibilities with the degree you’ve always wanted.

learn more:
adult and online admissions
online learning at georgia southern
credit for prior learning













graduate students




you’ve got big expectations for your career, and you’re willing to put in the hard work to make them happen. our graduate students get the support they need to achieve their dreams.

learn more:
graduate admissions
career and professional development
research areas













military-affiliated students




georgia southern knows how much you’ve sacrificed, whether you’ve served, are on active duty or are in a military-affiliated family. we welcome you to start the next step of your journey.

learn more:
military and veterans
military & veteran services
using your va benefits













transfer students




everything you do today is a building block to reach your ultimate goal. transfer students turn to us for access to deep academics and valuable leadership opportunities that open doors.

learn more:
transfer admissions
career exploration
southern leaders













international students




international students are bold, curious and never shy from new experiences — which makes them fantastic fits with georgia southern culture.

learn more:
international admissions
community service and volunteering
community impact













explore our locations
there’s no limit to where you can earn a georgia southern degree: make your move on any of our three traditional campuses, through our army education centers or online. you can even spend a semester abroad on our ireland campus.
plan your visit



statesboro
savannah
hinesville
ireland
army education centers
online

















your moment starts here
you’re eyeing your goal — your dreams and all you’ll accomplish along the way. georgia southern not only gives you the platform to reach for it but helps you build momentum to break through and soar beyond.

request information
schedule a visit
start your application

































 



statesboro campus
            1332 southern drive
statesboro, ga 30458
912-478-4636          

armstrong campus
            11935 abercorn street
savannah, ga 31419
912-478-4636          

liberty campus
            175 west memorial drive
hinesville, ga 31313
912-877-1906          

contact us





news
events
maps
parking & transportation
faculty & staff directory
a-z site directory
course catalog
bookstore
academic calendar
career opportunities
 public safety
equal opportunity & title ix
university system of georgia
accreditation
ethics hotline
open records
privacy
human trafficking notice
 
back to top






 



 



 



 



 


©
      2024 georgia southern university 






