











central medical supply group | hospice durable medical equipment


























































home
about us
our service
locations
contact
jobs

current openings
apply now


client login
 


select page


  
 
 
















hospice dmeyou cancount on

bringing you the bestequipment managementand technology-driven servicesin the northeast.

our service













central medical supply group provides the highest quality equipment management services to hospice agencies and their patients and families, no matter the time of day or night. trust us to get your patients the dme they need when they need it. with the compassion and respect they deserve.

learn more











service minded
we’re family-owned and operated, and we treat every client just like family.








industry leaders
our management team offers decades of operational and clinical expertise.








conveniently located
our service area covers eight states: ny, nj, ct, pa, de, md, va and ma.








extensive inventory
we have the volume, variety and top dme brands to service your every need.








technology driven
our proprietary customer portal offers real-time ordering and data insights.








logistics experts
we offer expedited and caring dme delivery to your hospice patients.









the best products on the market today

we carry name brand products from the most trusted suppliers such as drive, invacare and respironics.

learn more











the leading dme supplierin the northeast

with warehouses strategically positioned to serve eight states, we offer timely, reliable and effective logistics to meet the unique demands of hospice.

our locations











real-time delivery tracking

our delivery vehicles are enabled with gps, so you’ll know when your product leaves the warehouse and when it’s expected to arrive. and you can check its progress along the way.












the dme your patient needs is waiting. get in touch today!





 


















56814








 











copyright © 2020 - 2025 central medical supply group. all rights reserved.
privacy policy | terms & conditions

customer bill of rights (pdf)



 


























