




what's cooking
















skip to content


what's cooking







1/4 of the way there!

we have passed the year mark since coronavirus lockdown and the covid vaccine has been distributed to 25% of the u.s. hope is in the air for lots of people. we may be able to see friends and family more in person. we may be able to hug people, shake their hands and socialize again.… continue reading 1/4 of the way there!


published march 22, 2021categorized as general  



david attenborough’s a life on our planet

i just finished watching netflix’s “david attenborough’s a life on our planet” which is a sobering yet hopeful account of how us humans are brutalizing our planet.


published october 8, 2020categorized as general  



interview with papergirl brooklyn

this past week, i had a spontaneous zoom interview with papergirl brooklyn about living in flatbush and performing in public spaces. you can check it out here: https://www.papergirlbk.com/flatbush


published october 5, 2020categorized as general tagged flatbush, interview, live music, papergirl brooklyn 



my octopus teacher

i’ve been watching netflix documentaries recently and “my octopus teacher” is a particularly beautiful one.  the film is one man’s discovery of a female octopus and witnessing her brief year long life. it is beautiful, magical and something i highly recommend.


published september 16, 2020categorized as general tagged conservation, documentary, films, sea creatures 



letting go social media

hello! it has been a very very long time since i updated my website. it has been an intense time as we all know. i have deactivated my facebook account and deleted all my other social media accounts. i hope you will come and visit this site to see what i’ve been doing. thanks all!


published september 13, 2020categorized as general  



debut show:  the lion and the scorpion

this friday, april 20, 2018 at 9:00pm, will be the debut performance of the collaborative duo, the lion and the scorpion.  the wonderful hank mason is my fellow collaborator and he will be deep in the synths, beats and computer while i sing and have fun with some electronics and my new favorite instrument, the… continue reading debut show:  the lion and the scorpion


published april 18, 2018categorized as general  



in memory of sophia rosoff

on thursday, november 22, 2018, my brilliant, wonderful piano/music teacher sophia rosoff passed away at her home.  she was 96. it is difficult to describe how much sophia impacted my life.  sophia brought me back to the piano and i am literally a born again pianist because of her. i met sophia in august 2011. … continue reading in memory of sophia rosoff


published december 27, 2017categorized as general, music  



korean food in park slope






a few weeks ago, on 7th ave, i noticed a little sign in a window that looked like a korean food joint.  it was!  today i decided to try it out. hanki “everyday korean” in park slope at first looked like an order and go joint.  the opening is small and cramped but very clean.… continue reading korean food in park slope


published july 26, 2017categorized as general  



composition






today i did a photography composition workshop at http://www.wearebkc.com in dumbo.  we spent a few hours studying composition and then went out to make some photos. it was fun to analyze famous paintings and photographs and what makes them successful, compositionally speaking.  some of the things to keep in mind when creating a photo are… continue reading composition


published july 23, 2017categorized as general  



focus






tomorrow i do an all day photography workshop on the “art of composition.”  i’m excited to learn more about how to see and create a good photo.  i have already gone to a composition seminar and have been reading a lot about the essentials of photography.  i’m happy to be going into the work shop… continue reading focus


published july 22, 2017categorized as general  


posts pagination
page 1
…
page 21
older posts 
 



searchsearchrecent posts1/4 of the way there!
david attenborough’s a life on our planet
interview with papergirl brooklyn
my octopus teacher
letting go social media
recent commentsjudith patton on contactrodney pawlowski on contactyoon on letting go social medialuba lesychyn on letting go social mediasean lavery on contact 



																						what's cooking																		

				proudly powered by wordpress.			



 





