






















coalition of immokalee workers
















































































 





 








menu


home
about

about the ciw
campaign for fair food
fair food program
anti-slavery program
careers


take action

2024 farmworker freedom festival
online resources


donate

sustain fair food
fair food store


contact
archives

recent news
the birth of worker-driven social responsibility: 1/16-12/16
expanding the fair food program: 11/14 – 12/15
“a brilliant model” at work: 11/13-10/14
fair food program to the fore: 11/12-10/13
fair food takes root: 01/12-10/12
a new day in the fields: 09/10-12/11
a year to dine with dignity: 05/09-08/10
a year of victories: 05/08-05/09
burger king: 04/07-05/08
mcdonald’s: 03/05-04/07
taco bell boycott: 04/01-03/05







 


































another victory for wsr! vermont construction company signs onto the building dignity and rights program













josé ignacio, vt construction worker at press conference: “just like we know that the community is facing challenges, we know that the community is capable of creating solutions.”
douglas guerra, construction worker and ctul board president: "it is a win-win for both the workers and the companies that join the program. workers can expect decent conditions and fair pay, while construction companies can be at the forefront of a system that will change the entire industry.”
in yet another groundbreaking victory for advancing workers' fundamental human rights through the worker-driven social responsibility model, the vermont construction company has committed to join the groundbreaking building dignity and respect program, marking the first expansion of the bdr program beyond the state of minnesota.  bdr was founded in 2020 in minneapolis and was inspired in its structure and function by the ciw's fair food program.
this latest news out of vermont comes on the heels of bdr's first big breakthrough late last year when two minneapolis developers became the first corporations to sign the legally-binding agreements that provide the enforcement power behind bdr and all other wsr programs. with this newfound market power behind them, construction workers in both states can now play the role of the frontline monitors of their own rights at the worksite, ensuring their safety and essential rights are protected.  this news holds the potential to be, in short, a transformative moment for the entire construction industry. this is also an especially exciting moment for the state of vermont, which now boasts two active wsr programs: the new, expanded bdr program as well as milk with dignity, which protects the state's dairy workers by harnessing the purchasing power of vermont's iconic ben & jerry's ice cream brand to enforce farmworkers' rights on dozens of vermont dairy farms. 
indeed, in industries around the us and the rest of the world, worker and human rights organizations are increasingly looking to wsr in order to safeguard the dignity of low-wage workers by entering into binding legal agreements with corporations at the top of supply chains. with the exponential growth of the groundbreaking fair food program in agriculture both domestically and abroad, the equally impressive track record and growth of the bangladesh accord (today the international accord for health and safety in the textile and garment industry), milk with dignity in the dairy industry, and now this exciting news in construction, the future is growing brighter every day for the wsr model.
be sure to check out the joint press release below, as well as this vermont public story for more media coverage of the signing, where you'll find the inspiring words of josé ignacio, a vermont construction worker, who said at the press conference: “just like we know that the community is facing challenges, we know that the community is capable of creating solutions.”
press release: vermont construction company to join building dignity and respect program


vermont construction company has signed an agreement of cooperation announcing its commitment to become the first vermont builder to join a worker-driven program monitoring and enforcing labor and housing standards. the commitment will bring the building dignity and respect program to vermont’s fast-growing construction industry and provide much-needed protections to a sector lacking in regulation.
surrounded by workers and speaking at a signing ceremony outside the colchester offices of vermont construction company (vcc), co-founder david richards said: “the vermont construction company is proud to support efforts to improve the welfare of construction workers in vermont. as an inaugural member, vcc has signed a formal term sheet and will help support a third-party auditor to review subcontractor pay, safety, and housing. we welcome the oversight and guidance of the building dignity and respect standards council.”
josé ignacio, a construction worker, joined the owners of vermont construction company at the podium. speaking in spanish, he lauded the commitment: “vermont needs more construction workers to address the state’s housing crisis, but many of us who find work in the industry do not have the protections we need to keep ourselves safe or prevent abuse. we are glad that vermont construction is making this commitment to the workers on its projects, and we will join together to make sure that workers are treated with the respect and dignity that we all deserve.”
the building dignity and respect (bdr) program was born out of the vision of construction workers in the minneapolis-based workers’ center centro de trabajadores unidos en la lucha (ctul) to address widespread abuse to wages, safety, and retaliation. ctul has worked to highlight the current abuses in the industry and is calling on multi-family housing developers in the twin cities to join the program. the organization has recently secured commitments from two non-profit developers.
douglas guerra, construction worker and ctul board president, welcomed the agreement with vermont construction: “we have spent the past five years advocating for the bdr program to ensure basic dignity and respect for all construction workers in the twin cities metro area, and we are excited to see the work expand. the bdr program addresses labor abuses that the existing system has failed to address. it is a win-win for both the workers and the companies that join the program. workers can expect decent conditions and fair pay, while construction companies can be at the forefront of a system that will change the entire industry.”
the bdr program is based on a code of conduct developed with construction workers to protect against wage theft, physical and sexual abuse, and human trafficking and to ensure access to safe working conditions and fair pay. the program is coordinated and implemented by the building dignity and respect standards council (bdc), an independent, non-profit organization.
a representative from the vermont construction company signs onto the building dignity and respect program
developers and general contractors enter legally-binding program participation agreements with bdc that require all contractors to abide by the program’s code of conduct. in addition to independent monitoring, workers are empowered as frontline monitors and defenders of their own rights, with strict protections against retaliation. complaints are swiftly investigated, resulting in meaningful remedies for workers, and companies are prohibited from working with contractors who refuse to come into compliance with the code.
doug mork, executive director of bdc, spoke at tuesday’s press conference: “we are eager to partner with vermont construction company and bring building dignity and respect to vermont. we applaud vcc for taking this step and look forward to working together with the company and with construction workers in vermont to adapt the program to the needs of the community.”
the bdr program is based on the principles of worker-driven social responsibility, a social change model where corporations at the top of supply chains or labor contracting chains adopt legally-binding, standard-setting agreements with a human rights organization. agreements require those corporations to impose market consequences on suppliers or contractors who violate workers’ rights. vermont-based human rights organization migrant justice has adapted those same principles to the dairy industry to create the milk with dignity program, which currently enforces a farmworker-authored code of conduct on over 50 dairy farms in the supply chain of ben & jerry’s ice cream.
marita canedo, the milk with dignity program coordinator at migrant justice, celebrated tuesday’s agreement: “in december, vermont construction walked into our office and asked how they could partner to ensure dignified treatment of workers across their labor contractors. we were happy to introduce them to our long-time partners at building dignity and respect standards council, and we are ready to work together to implement this program in a way that meets the unique challenges of vermont’s construction industry. we call on other construction companies to follow the bold example set by vermont construction company and join the building dignity and respect program.”
with the agreement of cooperation signed, bdc and migrant justice will work to adapt the program’s code of conduct to local conditions, focusing on housing provided by labor sub-contractors. bdc will also staff a vermont-based office of investigators dedicated to monitoring labor and housing standards and ensuring compliance. parties said that they expected the program to launch within months.
workers in minnesota see the agreement as a boon to their efforts to bring developers into the bdr program. angeles robledo, ctul leader and member of the women in construction committee, called for companies to follow vermont construction’s lead: "in the construction industry, women have been subject to silence, exclusion, and invisibility. we suffer mistreatment, sexual harassment, wage theft, and various other labor abuses. the bdr program is designed to empower us, to be able to speak out about our rights without fear of retaliation. we want to invite developers in the twin cities to follow vcc´s leadership to ensure basic dignity and respect for workers. if vcc can do this, so can they."


 
















 top stories




































us department of labor awards $2.5 million grant to fuel fair food program’s international expansion



					february 15, 2023				
















breaking: u.s. doj busts sprawling modern-day slavery operation in fields of south georgia



					november 23, 2021				
















it’s official: watkins farm of north carolina joins the fair food program!



					november 2, 2021				

















     featured videos













 



 



 


























recent news















atlanta journal-constitution op/ed shines light on decades-long relationship between president carter and ciw for farmworker human rights



						january 30, 2025					




 



professor susan marquis, in atlanta journal-constitution: “envisioned and led by the coalition of immokalee workers, the fair food program is transforming agriculture, ending the endemic abuse on farms across the u.s. and, increasingly, around the globe. when this groundbreaking program was still a bold but untested idea in the early 2000s, jimmy carter and the carter center brought expertise in conﬂict resolution and carter’s prestige to the farmworkers’ campaign for human rights.” decades-long relationship began in 1997 with the former president’s public intervention in the ciw’s month-long hunger strike, continued through birth of fair food program and growth of wsr […]








how the fair food program and the worker-driven social responsibility model are inspiring poultry workers in arkansas



						january 23, 2025					




 



farmworker with the ciw: “heat and weariness don’t affect us because justice is priceless.” alice driver, author, on the ciw and venceremos: “the ciw has organized workers since 1993, and, like venceremos, it began as a small group of workers meeting weekly. over the years, they developed a worker-led model and used protests and media campaigns to pressure retailers to source food ethically and encourage consumers to support just labor conditions.” as we ring in the new year — one sadly marked by a vast uncertainty and, in many communities, real fear — we want to take a moment to […]








we did it! with your help we met our fundraising goals, and are ready to take on an exciting year of progress ahead.



						january 8, 2025					




 



thanks to your generosity, the fair food program has met its ambitious 2024 campaign goal of raising $2 million!  the program’s unprecedented success since its launch in 2010 is a testament to the extraordinary passion and commitment of our community, and we are deeply grateful to all who contributed their time, effort, and resources over the past 15 years to make that success possible. thanks to you, tens of thousands of farmworkers are empowered to be the frontline monitors of their own rights, and countless more workers will soon gain that power.  our shared belief in the importance of building […]








24 hours left to donate to the fair food program in 2024, can you help us reach our goal?



						december 31, 2024					




 



to date, we have raised $1,850,000 and we need just $150,000 more from fair food program supporters to reach our $2 million goal! remember, every gift made now will be matched 100%. in this joyous holiday season, we want to begin by offering our deepest gratitude for each and every donation we have received from supporters like you since we launched the coalition of immokalee workers in a borrowed room from our lady of guadalupe church here in immokalee over 30 years ago.  your support over the years has helped make it possible for the coalition of immokalee workers’ fair food […]








we are so close to meeting our $2 million match challenge, can you help get us over the line?



						december 27, 2024					




 



fair food nation, it is not too late! there is still time to make your contribution to the globally recognized and award winning coalition of immokalee workers’ fair food program. together, we have accomplished so much in this year alone. from expanding the groundbreaking fair food program to dozens of new farms in 23 states across the nation, to shaping federal farm and labor policy through the usda and the usdol, to protecting vulnerable workers in supply chains around the globe, there is so much for which we can all be proud and grateful. if you are one of hundreds […]








help us bring esperanza (hope) to communities across the nation



						december 23, 2024					




 



“her name is esperanza, or hope, because we hope for a better world,” lupe gonzalo, a farmworker leader of the coalition of immokalee workers said earlier this year in palm beach. “a world where we are all treated with dignity and respect as human beings.” esperanza, the 15-foot tall animated farmworker puppet, debuted this past spring in the luxurious streets of palm beach during the ciw’s farmworker freedom festival. embodying the hope of farmworkers everywhere for a more modern, more human agricultural industry, esperanza quickly caught the attention of palm beach’s residents and national media alike. from the miami herald’s […]








a message from the movement for fair food from our faith and student allies



						december 20, 2024					




 



2024 was a particularly productive year for the national campaign for fair food — kicking off this past spring with the three-day farmworker freedom festival held in palm beach, fl and closing out this holiday season with our end-of-year fundraising campaign, backed for the first time ever by a generous matching challenge, whereby all gifts will be matched up to $2 million by the novo foundation!  indeed, this past year provided many exciting opportunities for our faith and student allies to gather together, reflect, and build bonds of solidarity with farmworkers in their fight for fundamental human rights in the […]








the fair food program is ushering in a new day of human rights around the globe



						december 18, 2024					




 



  twenty years ago, the presidential medal-winning fair food program was still a distant dream in the minds of farmworkers from immokalee who, at the time, were on the cusp of signing the first-ever fair food agreement with taco bell, calling on the fast-food giant to take responsibility for the exploitation of farmworkers at the bottom of its supply chain. driven by their lived experience in the fields — and backed by a national network of allies who shared their vision for long-overdue, worker-driven change — those farmworkers went on to sign with taco bell in march of 2005, setting […]








when farmworker lives are on the line, the fair food program guarantees essential protections



						december 16, 2024					




 



as hard as it may be to imagine, farmworkers on most farms in the us do not have guaranteed access to clean drinking water, bathrooms, shade, or even habitable housing. working in the fields, farmworkers are all too often exposed to dangerous pesticides, sweltering summer heat, lightning storms and hurricanes — and if they complain, they can lose the jobs that mark the thin line between their families and abject poverty. to ensure the safety and wellbeing of all farmworkers on fair food farms, the ffp’s market-backed standards protect against all of these harsh working conditions. on fair food program […]








is the bitter taste of forced labor on your holiday plate?



						december 10, 2024					




 



on this international human rights day, let’s take a moment to remember the millions of farmworkers across the planet for whom the idea of universal human rights remains, even today, a distant dream.  according to laura elise vasquez, director of complaint resolution with the fair food standards council, “some of the most challenging calls we get on the fair food program hotline come from farmworkers on non-ffp farms.” your gift this holiday season to the ffp will help ensure that we continue to expand the ffp to new farms and new states in the year ahead, and as a result, […]












more recent news >>

















we’re hiring!
join us at the cutting edge of 21st century human rights
	the power of prevention
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6epwmqjny2q&t=1shighlights





new 10-year study confirms: all social responsibility programs not created equal!
new 10-year study confirms: all social responsibility programs not created equal!
new 10-year study confirms: all social responsibility programs not created equal!
ciw receives presidential medal for extraordinary efforts in combatting modern-day slavery at white house forum!
ciw receives presidential medal for extraordinary efforts in combatting modern-day slavery at white house forum!
time’s up leader alyssa milano narrates powerful new fair food program video!
cnn freedom project on the fair food program: “... the most comprehensive social responsibility program in u.s. agriculture...”
un expert: ffp “must be considered an international benchmark” in fight against modern-day slavery!
un expert: ffp “must be considered an international benchmark” in fight against modern-day slavery!
un expert: ffp “must be considered an international benchmark” in fight against modern-day slavery!
ciw receives presidential medal for extraordinary efforts in combatting modern-day slavery at white house forum!
ciw receives presidential medal for extraordinary efforts in combatting modern-day slavery at white house forum!
ciw receives presidential medal for extraordinary efforts in combatting modern-day slavery at white house forum!
 






sustain fair food
together, we fought to make the dream of enforceable human rights for farmworkers a reality. now, we need your support to bring these critical human rights to thousands of workers in new crops and regions.
click here to support fair food today!email updatesrecognition 2017 macarthur fellowship2015 presidential medal2014 clinton global citizen award2013 franklin d. roosevelt freedom from want medal

learn morehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1odv_fak7xo








 workers (at) ciw-online.org // 239-657-8311 (office)	        	

				© coalition of immokalee workers 2020			












































