
































skip to content
















angel assistance


angel sessions

three-part breath

chakra harmony

archangels

testimonials



executive coaching & transformation


corporate clients

ask an angel friends



blog & articles


blog

the angels of thankfulness, appreciation & gratitude



books


an angel for anna

gary zukav



events


start your journey
             

start your journey





































angel message 
of the day
we all have a guardian angel who is loving, kind and caring, who’ll be there when we need someone to share the load we’re bearing.
- christopher dilts











angel's message















always rememberlove begins with you and you are surrounded by angels that love you and love all the world. share your love and your light freely and watch it multiply. release all judgment and simply love.








christopher has been leading and facilitating ask an angel circles for over 20 years and has helped thousands of people form more loving, direct, clear, and conscious relationships with their angels.
you will find many effective and proven methods here to help you develop your intuitive connection with your angels and many resources to help you have a deeper and more direct experience of your angels.
christopher created ask an angel to help you develop more powerful and effective relationships with your angels so that you will be better able to work with your angels to fulfill your life purpose with joy, passion, and power.

























angel meditations
why meditate alone when your angels are ready, willing, and able to help you?
angel meditations can bring greater depth and insight than meditating without calling upon their assistance. check out the meditations below and find out for yourself.

every person has one or more guiding angels helping and assisting them…
every partnership, business, organization and relationship — also has one or more angels that preside over offerings of grace, assistance, and blessings for them. whenever you are in need, call upon your angels.
want more angelic assistance?









receive angelic guidance

























discover how to deepen your connection with your angels and unlock their guidance in your life. explore our angels of thankfulness, appreciation & gratitude page, along with the books section, filled with valuable resources to nurture your spiritual journey. don’t miss the opportunity to learn about angel sessions & events with christopher and find daily inspiration through uplifting angel messages of the day. your path to divine connection begins here!














join me every week to learn how. i promise your connection with your angels will improve.









want more angelic assistance?




































about christopher dilts

































