










home - greater east pasco chamber of commerce






















































 
 



















skip to content


























 
membership directory hot deals job postings member login member to member deals membership application membership benefitsevents annual access east pasco annual celebration annual joe kiefer golf tournament annual kumquat festival® bbq & blues business breakfast calendar incredi-bowl z’hills member mixer on the menuchamber about us east pasco chamber of commerce history board of directors & staff contact us events & programs information requests newsletterbusiness interactive map major area projects quality of life region transportation zephyrhills economic developmentcommunity community & government dining education healthcare history lodging map real estate religious organizations shopping sports & recreationfoundation about east pasco chamber foundation citizen of the month foundation board of directors & staff scholarships skills that pay bootcamp ways to invest








 

































welcome to the






east pasco chamber of commerce






our chamber is actively involved in many aspects of business and community in our area and we encourage your partnership, participation, input and involvement.
to make the most of your membership, the chamber offers numerous opportunities. join a committee that focuses on a topic that interests you, volunteer your time with other members, utilize our networking events or sponsor a chamber function. being active in the chamber, using your skills and working with others in our community are great ways of taking advantage of your investment.
members are the key to a successful chamber – you are vital to our mutual success.















directory icon


directory 
 














pencil icon


join 
 














calendar icon


events 
 














lock icon


login 
 


















plan your stay
















                                shopping                            














                                dining                            














                                lodging                            














                                arts, culture & entertainment                            














                                recreation                            














                                real estate                            













view directory


















chamber supporters





























what is happening?
























see all news articles


















mark your calendar






get ready for some engagement and networking with your fellow chamber members. click below for more information.
















monthly business breakfast sponsored by and hosted at zephyrhills elks lodge 
march business breakfast sponsored by zephyrhills elks lodge at 6851 wire road on march 13th at 7 am. join us for breakfast and connect with local business owners, community leaders, and chamber members. enjoy networking and a presentation by our sponsor, and a chance to win a few prize in our business card drawing!
6851 wire road
zephyrhills, fl


register now


 


















access to opportunity scheduled for feb 26th 
we are hosting an informal event to meet and greet our elected official and local dignitaries with no formal presentations or speeches – just a simple way to connect with area business owners and chamber members
click here to register!


register here!


 










upcoming events














view calendar





















chamber partners































































































 












© 2025 greater east pasco chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












get in touch!













352-567-3769 














14112 8th street, dade city, fl 33525 














813-782-1913 














38550 5th avenue, zephyrhills, fl 33542 














admin@eastpascochamber.org 










additional resources






faq
privacy policy
terms and conditions









stay connected!









facebook




youtube






















the greater east pasco chamber of commerce is committed to ensuring that its website is accessible to people with disabilities. the greater east pasco chamber of commerce is in the process of updating all pages on our website. all pages will meet w3c wai’s web content accessibility guidelines 2.1, level aa conformance. for a copy of the greater east pasco chamber of commerce ada compliance policy or to report any issues, please direct email to ceo@eastpascochamber.org.



































































 © 2025 greater east pasco chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top














