























kitchen cabinets near me - jupiter kitchen cabinets







































































services
products
builders
reviews
contact
 request quote




video vault
blog




 








 

 




services
products
builders
reviews
contact
 request quote




video vault
blog




 




















 





custom cabinets 

living room cabniets, living room cabinets, bedroom cabinets 

our services 

contact us 

any cabinets 

kitchen cabinets, bathroom cabinets, garage cabinets, 







who are we  and what do we do? 

basewalltallisland 

learn more 

we cover it all 



 







at qc cabinets kitchen & bath design center,
every customer’s input is treated as a key element in the project.
every installation is unique. our manufacturers have been carefully chosen to provide an exceptional breadth of styling, finish and price points to satisfy all kitchen and bath renovation needs.
serving customers in the palm beach county area for over 20 years at the same location.
our services












we take great pride in using the highest quality products.
our products







let us know how we can help you today.
contact us








what we do


whether you are building a new home or remodeling an existing one, qc cabinets is here to serve you through the concept, design and installation phases of your job. we offer low, mid and high end cabinetry at affordable prices – from traditional to contemporary styling, including the handcrafted elegance of beautiful woods, decorative accents, special stains and subtle glazes, and fine european cabinetry.








  









kitchen
palm beach kitchen cabinets.


 










entertainment
palm beach cabinets custom entertainments.


 










hospitality
palm beach kitchen cabinets for hospitality and restaurant.


 










den & library
palm beach cabinets for den & library.


 










bathroom
palm beach bathroom cabinets.


 







joe carreirorelationship: clientproject date: december 2011project price: $1,000-$9,999this letter is to recognize the wonderful work you and your associates recently accomplished in the renovation of my kitchen. i am very pleased with the quality of your product line, your professionalism and attention to detail during installation and most of all your willingness to provide unparalleled service during all phases of the kitchen renovation.sincerely,
joe carreiro, aibd, ncbdc
president
bau-tech design corporationmark & donnarelationship: clientproject date: december 2011project price: $1,000-$9,999donna and i want to thank you for the beautiful job you did on our cabinets. we also appreciate your patience and all the extra time you spent with us.thanks again.nancy m. siebern, jupiterrelationship: clientproject date: december 2011project price: $1,000-$9,999“thank you so much for the beautiful cabinets and flawless installation. not only did you design the cabinet styles, but i felt my input was treated as the most important aspect of the remodeling process …”genep34relationship: clientproject date: december 2011project price: $1,000-$9,999we had cabinets put in the kitchen and two bathrooms. i couldn’t say enough good about cary and qc cabinets. the expertise demonstrated, suggestions offered and patience showed to us was extraordinary. and i don’t make this comment lightly – if it wasn’t for cary i don’t think we would have gotten through all of what we did. he was great. if anyone ever asked us who to see for cabinets for a kitchen or other they would be the ones recommended. to say we were happy with qc would be an understatement. they answered all of our questions and believe me we had a bunch- from estimate through completion. the installation was great – and they were there with us through the whole process. i cannot stress enough how much we appreciated everything the cary helped us with. the cost below may have been higher than i put down but cannot remember for sure.jamie stanford kitchen & bath designrelationship: colleagueproject date: may 2014project price: $1,000-$9,999i work with qc cabinets clients with their countertops once the cabinets are installed. the kitchen designers are very good at asking the right questions and getting their clients a functioning and beautiful kitchen.cary hindmonrelationship: clientproject date: august 2010project price: $10,000-$49,999i bought my kitchen cabinets form qc cabinets since they sold a very good quality product. they shipment of the cabinets was on time and the installation was professionally and well done. i heartily recommend this company to anyone who wants to have a positive experience with people who are most helpful, knowledgeable and above board.smand123relationship: decorator hired qc cabinetsproject date: august 2013project price: $10,000-$49,999qc cabinets did an excellent job. they had wonderful ideas and completed the project on time. they were neat and punctual.sue paulrelationship: clientproject date: december 2012project price: $10,000-$49,999the kitchen, and bathroom vanities cary, from qc did for us were the second of this type in three years. we loved both houses he completed for us. his professionalism, ideas, speed of completion and impeccable timing went beyond any expectation we had! i wish i could post a photo of our homes. 
the two homes we renovated were so easy to complete, that we have decided to do it again ! sharpen your design pen, cary, we are starting over one more time . 
( and our friend will be calling you as well !)salmcgrelationship: clientproject date: april 2013project price: $50,000-$100,000we have used qc cabinets on three different remodeling jobs in our home. we have been very happy with the help that was given us in choosing the cabinets. delivery was quick and the install was fast. everyone involved made the job looks so easy. a great company to work with!janafkrelationship: clientproject date: july 2013project price: $10,000-$49,999i was very pleased with my experience with qc cabinets. cary was always accessible and very helpful. he handled any problem personally. the installation was neat and professional. i would recommend qc with no reservations.annie santulli designsrelationship: colleagueproject date: july 2013project price: $10,000-$49,999cary was a pleasure to work with. his knowledge, experience and personality made my job so much easier. at the beginning of the job i was able to give my client a realistic budget. our deadline was met and my client loves her kitchen. she highly recommends qc cabinets to all of her friends. thanks cary.idr2012relationship: colleagueproject date: may 2012project price: $10,000-$49,999the project was handled, very professional and timely manner. the outcome was above and beyond my highest expectations. i have worked for a lot of cabinet companies in the past but qc cabinets outshines them all.gigi bootcamprelationship: clientproject date: march 2011project price: $10,000-$49,999we have used cary hindmon, of qc cabinets for three different remodel projects over the last nine years. his work ethics, ideas, input, people skills, attention to detail and honesty are outstanding. he is fun to work with, but more importantly, he is a master at cabinet design installations. qc cabinets cater to all levels of consumers, whether it is a small, basic project or a very high end installation. they have the knowledge and range of cabinetry selections, including hardware, to satisfy any budget remodel or fantasy kitchen or bath. we have, and will continue to recommend qc cabinets without hesitation to any of our friends who, like us, expect timely, quality work at realistic prices. we are entirely pleased with the three projects they did or us. chuck and barb fonner





qc cabinets
would like to thank you



google review
learn more
we truly appreciate the opportunity to serve you and your patronage allows us the ability to do so.
review now 




see our
reviews
we have one main goal at qc cabinets kitchen & bath design center. quality craftsmanship & excellence.
visit 









 
 






contact



appointments not necessary but highly recommended.
 561-746-2051

 561-743-6716




 
 

location
 jupiter
661 maplewood drive, suite 9jupiter, fl 33458  



 


useful links 
services
products
builders
reviews
videos
kitchen cabinet installation


 

engage
social
 facebook
 linkedin
 pinterest
 twitter
 youtube
 houzz

review us
 yelp 
 google 
 insider pages 
 the brownbook 
 better business bureau 
 






															© 2019 qc cabinets kitchen & bath design center. |  web design by ultraweb marketing 




 

scroll to top
























































































