






 actors movement studio conservatory, actor training, summer acting intensives, summer theater school, teen acting intensives in nyc


























          






















home ::
 
                  about us ::

                  curriculum ::

                  workshops ::

                  schedule ::

                  netherlands ::

                  faculty
::

                  alumni ::
 
                  photo studio ::
rehearsal studio ::

                  contact us
























click here for more info 





click here for more info 


 





click here for more info 


 





bette  davis ain't for sissies review | edinburgh guide


 


7 movement techniques all actors should study
                  by kc wright | backstage |july 7, 2015











 click here for more info 


 







 






greetings friends 
                            happy to share my article on period styles in soul of the american actor 
                            recent press:  "period styles salon "



 


 

 


















                  contact - experience- behavior - imagination - breath - 
                  freedom 





http://www.theothermozart.com/upcoming-performances











 



  




 



  




summer theatre institute 







 



  




teen shakespeare
																								 summer conservatory 





 

 






 





 






 





 













rehearsal space nyc
 







studio rental 

 






featured in: 







 



 




 







 


 



 

 





















alumni


schedule


free class


contact us


workshops


what's new


janice orlandi


loyd williamson


private coaching


teacher certification


summer theater institute


coaching/style/character



summer 
                          teen shakespeare conservatory 

 



video clip


rasaboxes









summer theater intensive
june 1-   july 1 
summer teen shakespeare conservatory
july 6 - 24th

 

 









summer acting program - summer 
                              theater intensive  & acting school nyc





                              summer theater intensive 






                              acting classes & workshops-actor training at itã¢s 
                              best! 
                              

  
                              



                              acting classes with master teachers & classes




                              for actors and directors



 



 
  

summer faculty 


andrew wade rsc   
"shakespeare to oscar wilde"
coach shakespeare 
                                in love 



quote summer  student:
                                   
thank you so much for the 
                                  beautiful opportunity and all the wonderful memories!  
                                  i recently finished "anna in the tropics" at fiu 
                                  and i could never have tackled the role of ofelia  
                                  (a 50 year old cuban woman)   without 
                                  the skills i developed at your school! i hope 
                                  we can work together again very soon ! also, many 
                                  of my classmates are very interested in your summer 
                                  intensive after seeing the transformation the 
                                  six of us   had last summer. 

- emily-jayne frail , florida                                  

 







                                    click here


                                    for more info.



                                    new york city
                                    
                                    housing 


                                    available 

 







introducing.....
"movement marathons"tm

"where williamson, 
                                      michael chekhov and viewpoints meet!"(c)
"act 
                                      from your feeling imagination" john patrick 
                                      shanley







to register for a free class and for fall/spring/summer
																						classes and workshops email us. 


designed 
      to: expand and develop kinesthetic awareness, experiential sensation, the body  in   space and time, creative imagination, emotional freedom, physical and vocal   ease, ability to send, receive , and transform, freedom from tension, expansive   and experiential  contact and ensemble play.


movement
                                            marathon
                                            © 
                                              williamson 
                                              physical technique 
                                              viewpoints and michael chekhov technique
                                              
















 




"soul of american actor" interview 

 



e-mail us for the next free class
by reservation only  e-mail
ams@actorsmovementstudio.com

 







 

 



new 
                                            rasaboxes
                                            tm
actors become athletes 
                                            of the emotions


weekend intensives tba 

                                            cost $350

space is 
                                            limited, so register now!!!!


                                            note: (this workshop is not closed 
                                            for registration!. 
                                            please send us an email if you are 
                                            interested in our  
                                            up coming workshops this fall!!)
 


weekend 
                                            intensive!!
                                            summer intensive rasabox workshop


master                                            paula murray cole 

e-mail to register :                                            

                                            ams@actorsmovementnstudio.com











michael chekhov for the actor
classes is chekhov technique of acting
"the essence of our profession ... is to give. what is it that we in the theater give? ... we give our body, voice, feelings, will, imagination – we give a form of pulsating art to life itself; we give it to our characters and we give it to our audiences. nothing, absolutely nothing remains for us save the pleasure of having given pleasure.  and yet it is only by this miraculous process that our love grows and our talent is fulfilled and replenished."
 –– michael chekhov 


 










 

chekhov\n  on chekhov ©
uncle anton & his nephew michael

																						the text: the three sisters 
																				application: michael chekhov technique
this class will explore michael chekhov's "psycho-physical" approach to acting, through the basic principles and exercises outlined in chekhov's book "to the actor," including psycho/physical exercises, character work and ensemble improvisation.   each class begins with a warm-up specifically designed to develop the organic connection between the actor's inner life, creative imagination and expressive body. 
through the rigorous practice of chekhov's core exercises students will explore; radiating and receiving, archetypes, imaginary centers, imaginary body, character atmospheres, overall scenic atmospheres, qualities of movement, imaginary palace, and psychological gesture, along with on camera adjustments and more & chekhov's technique consists of a wide variety effective acting tools, which can inspire endless possibilities for enlarging the actor's creativity and artistic expression - the actor can then bring this sensibility to the creation of a character, exploration of the text, and inspired performance.  

 








"the art of transformation"
psycho-physical exploration of the character, character centers, qualities of movement, atmospheres, psychological gesture, & imaginary body.  awaken the expressive body expand your creative imagination!
 





 




taught by
																					master teacher, janice orlandi
																					artistic director actors movement studio





bio click here 



watch video 









  

















 





 

























                                                            summer theater intensive




"my experience 
                                                            at the summer theater 
                                                            intensive  was 
                                                            incredible . i learned 
                                                            so many things not only 
                                                            about the dramatic craft 
                                                            but about myself, too. 
                                                            i experienced how to 
                                                            "let go" and be. i am 
                                                            a big fan of williamson 
                                                            technique and michael 
                                                            chekhov technique. catherine 
                                                            fitzmaurice was also 
                                                            very helpful, i learned 
                                                            all these amazing exercises 
                                                            which help me open my 
                                                            voice even more."
                                                            
                                                            student 2005 -
                                                            
                                                            ina imprescia 
                                                            opera singer                                                            
 

 






 



                                                              new classes and workshops

                                                              click here


                                                              williamson physical 
                                                              technique

                                                              period style & character

 




                                                              summer theater intensive 
                                                              students 


"the actors 
                                                              movement studio summer 
                                                              theater intensive 
                                                              was a unique experience 
                                                              because not only did 
                                                              it allow me to tap 
                                                              into emotional resources 
                                                              i had not previously 
                                                              explored, but it also 
                                                              provided a one-of-a-kind 
                                                              bonding experience 
                                                              that has yet to be 
                                                              repeated. i am fascinated 
                                                              by michael chekov 
                                                              technique and i still 
                                                              use viewpoints in 
                                                              my current projects. 
                                                              it was a pleasure 
                                                              to play oscar wilde 
                                                              in the salon because 
                                                              not only did it give 
                                                              me a chance to really 
                                                              perform, but it also 
                                                              gave me the opportunity 
                                                              to learn a lot about 
                                                              what went on in the 
                                                              personal life of a 
                                                              genius whose work 
                                                              is a classic and a 
                                                              must for everyone 
                                                              who's interested in 
                                                              theater and life in 
                                                              general. my experience 
                                                              that summer is one 
                                                              i could not speaking 
                                                              of for several months 
                                                              after it was over 
                                                              and it is one that 
                                                              i still think of when 
                                                              people ask me for 
                                                              recommendations for 
                                                              where to spend their 
                                                              summer."                                                              


                                                              - amir levi






                                                                summer theater & 
                                                                acting intensive                                                                









                                                                    michael chekhov 
                                                                    technique

                                                                    nine viewpoints 
                                                                    & composition

                                                                    mask character 
                                                                    and neutral

                                                                    fitzmaurice 
                                                                    voice lab

                                                                    alexander technique



                                                                    mime and pantomime



                                                                      let-go breathe 
                                                                      process explore 
                                                                      risk experience








                                                                      period style
                                                                      character
 
                                                                      

                                                                      baroque -edwardian 
                                                                      - elizabethan

 

 

 






summer tba 
new kobe shoes
catherine fitzmaurice 
voice lab 



visiting, guest artist catherine fitzmaurice

 





actors movement studio featured in show business weekly in an article by linda armstrong on classical theatre training. featured are pictures of our students from our baroque salon this past semester. 

read article in  

"the most outstanding value of a period style class is that it produces actors that move and live within the style of a period with total truthfulness, vocal freedom, physical grace and ease. actors learn to create an expansive character free fro the limits of their everyday physical and vocal habits. immersed in the circumstances of the place and time of an era, the actors as an ensemble create an imaginary world. this fall they will become edwardians living in the opulent era of the belle epoch" said janice orlandi, co-artistic director of actors movement studio. 
past salon pictures  


 








anna sokolow

"anna sokolow is the mentor who to this day remains the mother of my artistic soul. from my work with dramatic movement for actors with anna, i discovered the aesthetics of movement, and the expressive beauty of another art. for anna, movement must grow from the actor's inner experience. she taught actors how to awaken the inner experience by listening to their entire bodies, and to other artists: musicians, composers and poets, (which for me expanded to include, painters, singers and dancers)."
                                                                                              --loyd williamson 

                                                                                              in the 1930s, sokolow began giving classes to the group theatre, and she continued to work with actors as well as dancers until the very last years of her life. in the 1940s and '50s, she worked with elia kazan at the actors studio, and in 1958, she began decades of teaching actors and dancers at the juilliard dance division. "my first aim is to free the actor from his self-consciousness," she once commented. "i make him forget about the clichå½s about having to smoke, to touch or handle something.... it may seem to the actor that he is learning how to move and how to use his body, but what he really learns is to be simple, honest and human." 

                                                                                              to learn more about anna sokolow, click here 







 






congratulations alumni micah alberti
on his new tv series! 

"nothing influenced my work as much as actors movement studio classes. this work had a profound effect on my ability to respond with freedom as an actor..." -micah alberti

click here for more info. 



day time emmy award winner 
                                                                                                    tom pelphrey (jonathan, guiding light) 
outstanding younger actor in a drama series 

guiding light * cbs 
                                                                                                    tom pelphrey, as jonathan randall 
                                                                                                    studied williamson technique for actors at mason gross school of the arts. rutgers university 

 





edwardian period style

                                                                                                          the style project accompanies either level iiia or level iv class. the actor researches and develops a character through historical and cultural etiquette, manners, protocol, dances, clothes, cultural, and social relationships of the period. the period characters are created using the principles of the technique such as: sensual contact, open range of sound, and physical alignment. 

                                                                                                          for more info please click here.
                                                                                                          
 









 




period style coaching click here 

 






loyd williamson
 
loyd williamson jr.
                                                                                                                founder of actors movement studio.
– call for date of next workshop – 

he is the creator and author of the williamson physical technique, and of the williamson advanced period style project, "the salon" ?br />
                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                    he was the principal movement professor at the school of the arts, rutgers university from 1979 to 2001; served on the faculty of hb studio for eleven years; visiting professor at the tisch school of the arts for three years; for the juilliard school; and the princeton shakespeare festival. he has taught classes and coached actors on broadway, and in feature film, television, regional theaters, and many conservatories.


                                                                                                                    his acting training was with sandford meisner in his two year professional classes, with harold clurman, and with michael howard. his mentor in actorã¢s movement training was anna sokolow, with whom he trained for 12 years, and performed in her players project. he received and mfa degree from the school of theater, university of georgia, specializing in scene and lighting design with major in directing.

for a brief biography click here 









 



 



  


  




featured in the book
																										"movement for actors" 



featured in the book
																										"acting teachers
																										of america" 

 

 

 





related links
 


movementforactorsnyc.com
 


actorschekhovstudio.com

 


backstage.com


dramabookshop.com


gatelypoole.com


michaelchekhovnyc.com




© actors movement studio, inc. 2013 

 


 
































