




financial services solutions | oracle
































































































































































































skip to content
accessibility policy















products
industries
resources
customers
partners
developers
company









close search











search oracle.com


quick links
oracle cloud infrastructure

oracle fusion cloud applications
oracle database
download java

careers at oracle

















search







country















view accounts


back

cloud account
sign in to cloud
sign up for free cloud tier

oracle account

sign-in
create an account


help
sign out




contact sales



menu






menu














overview


sectors


retail banking
corporate banking
core banking
life insurance
health insurance






solutions


aml and financial crime compliance
banking
payments
risk and finance
revenue management
insurance
cloud infrastructure
data management
customer acquisition and experience
human capital management






resources


news and opinion
virtual events
analyst recognition




financial services products
customer stories
business insights

















industries













financial services
open. real-time. intelligent.
thrive on your technology and data competitive advantage to drive sustainable growth. rewire to gain more operational efficiency, shift to business model innovation, evolve to meet changing customer needs, and become a people-first financial services institution with oracle’s ai-driven applications and cloud services.


contact a financial services expert






video: oracle financial services optimizes and fortifies financial institutions (1:07)















oracle financial services industry spotlight






the tech imperatives banks need to focus on now
the marching orders are clear: relieve profit pressure, speed products to market, tackle regulations, and reduce risk.



access the technology ebook








the intelligent bank
shift toward a radically new business model that goes beyond the “utility bank,” one that allows you to thrive on your ai and data competitive advantage to outpace the competition in an increasingly digital and automated financial landscape.



read the solution brochure (pdf)








chartis research ranks oracle #1 in inaugural risktech ai 50 report
oracle has been recognized as the #1 vendor of impactful and innovative ai technology for financial institutions, winning solution categories across finance, retail banking, document management, and infrastructure.



access the ai report








alm solutions, 2024 market quadrants report
this chartis research report tracks the market landscape during a period of heightened monetary uncertainty that is significantly impacting banks’ asset liability management strategies and provides a list of vendors offering risk technology solutions.



access the alm report

















find financial services solutions by sector






retail banking
meet your customers’ needs at each moment in their journey with meaningful insights, tailor-made products, and omnichannel experiences.


explore retail banking solutions




corporate banking
clear the path to capital clarity. provide corporate customers with real-time liquidity views and customized lending options.


explore corporate banking solutions




health insurance
deliver a simplified, transparent member experience by streamlining enrollment and boosting claims auto-adjudication.


explore health insurance solutions




life insurance
elevate the customer experience by unifying underwriting, policy processing, billing, and claims on a single platform.


explore life insurance solutions













change how your customers experience banking and insurance




banking


retail banking
bring more flexibility and efficiency to your core banking operations, from new customer onboarding and loan origination to payments, lending, and collections. eliminate manual activities to cut costs and risk.

oracle banking cloud services
leverage componentized and composable services that deliver preintegrated, saas-based, cloud native versions of oracle's industry-leading banking solutions on oracle cloud infrastructure.



corporate banking
better position your corporate customers to manage global operations. deliver compelling solutions for corporate credit and lending, cash and liquidity management, treasury management, trade finance, and supply chain finance.



oracle flexcube
offer more new products and spend less with oracle’s banking software—a core platform that’s designed to work off the shelf. implement a single system and get comprehensive capabilities across all banking functions.







payments


oracle banking payments
increase straight-through processing and lower your cost per payment with a single hub for processing and settlement. use our built-in rules engine to automate complex processing and choose the best route for domestic and cross-border transactions or specify your desired payment network.



payment innovation (1:33)
give your customers real-time views of their cash positions and payment status with rich analytics made possible by using swift iso 20022 as the open payments standard in our digital payments solution.



payments transformation (pdf)
build your own partner ecosystem and offer new services that set your institution apart. from erp integration to siri and alexa payments, tap into a library of more than 1,800 apis built for oracle’s banking suite.







insurance


health insurance
deliver a great experience for members. simplify enrollments, premium billing, and claims adjudication with a digital insurance platform. administer and automate new provider contract models so your members benefit from lower costs and a higher quality of care.

life insurance
consolidate underwriting, policy processing, billing, and claims for individual and group insurance, all on a single insurance management system. streamline operations to reduce operational costs, and gain flexibility to adapt quickly to changing business needs.



bancassurance
easily support the entire bancassurance lifecycle with real-time connectivity between banks and insurers to accelerate every step of the process, from the point of sale to policy servicing and commission reconciliation.



insurance customer experience
automate processes and deliver tailored policyholder responses while balancing self-service and assisted customer service models on a digital insurance platform. allow customers to buy insurance and receive service when and where they need it.







risk and finance


finance modernization
revitalize finance transformation and profitable growth for banks and insurers with the latest insights in data science and technology.

data solutions
deploy financial services analytics to improve data access and usage across risk, finance, treasury, compliance, and line-of-business teams with a single source of truth.

profitability and balance sheet management
price products to reflect their true risk. track profitability trends and cost structures and analyze customer profitability in real time. better understand the drivers of liquidity, capital adequacy, and market rate volatility.

risk management solutions
plan timely responses with integrated risk management across the organization. evaluate drivers of credit, market, and liquidity risk. manage key risk indicators and their related impact.

regulatory and accounting solutions
be prepared with automated, accurate financial and regulatory reporting. integrate data, models, systems, and processes across risk and finance.



accounting data foundation
streamline your financial institution’s current accounting processes and reconcile the general ledger with instrument or policy ledgers by providing the accounting platform with detailed event-, transaction-, and instrument-level data from core banking and insurance systems.

ifrs 17/ldti solutions
accelerate your path to compliance with prebuilt data, modeling, and reporting tools. choose an approach that effectively implements risk-aware accounting.

erp solutions
model and plan across finance, treasury, and planning teams from a single instance of data to streamline the financial close process and drive better decisions. use machine learning to automate reconciliation and flag anomalies for human review.



cloud solutions
get high performance, elastic computing power for enterprise applications by combining oracle's autonomous services, built-in security, and serverless compute.

resources

manage performance and risk with centralized data-driven insights
business brief: idc’s global modernization of finance survey (pdf)
building resiliency in financial services







financial crime and compliance


customer due diligence
identify money launderers and comply with customer due diligence and know your customer (kyc) regulations throughout the customer lifecycle with our anti–money laundering (aml) software. quickly and accurately assess risk and compare customers to global sanctions and watchlists. onboard good customers quickly and seamlessly.

transaction monitoring
identify unusual customer behavior and suspicious money movements. our anti–money laundering solutions have advanced analytics and scenarios built and proven for the financial services industry.

aml investigation
use ai-powered, institutionwide investigation and case management to uncover criminal networks. spend more time investigating truly suspicious activities instead of sifting through false positives.



oracle financial services data foundation
unite previously siloed internal data for a complete customer view and lower costs. run applications on your data lake and relational databases together, and perform batch and real-time analytics.



oracle financial services compliance agent (pdf)
measure transaction monitoring system performance along specific dimensions to discover opportunities and gaps. optimize performance and support business decisions with empirical evidence using oracle financial services compliance agent, an ai-powered saas experimentation platform.

resources

protect against money laundering and more easily achieve compliance
financial crime and compliance solutions (pdf)







revenue management and billing


financial services—banking
we help corporate banking, retail banking, and other financial services players compete and thrive in an ever-changing world with end-to-end pricing and billing solutions.

healthcare payers
our enterprise pricing and billing system provides transparency, efficiency, consolidation capabilities, and scalability to serve all a payer’s lines of business.



payments enterprises
we help cut through complexity and unlock growth potential for payments enterprises with an integrated pricing and billing platform that delivers a single source of truth.



resources

capitalize on every revenue opportunity in your book of business







customer acquisition and experience


customer experience solutions in action
make every customer interaction matter by connecting all your business data across advertising, marketing, sales, commerce, and service while complying with all financial industry standards and regulations.

oracle marketing
link customer behaviors, transactions, and demographics across marketing, sales, service, and your back-office applications to create the next great experience.



digital banking experiences
build the digital experiences your retail customers will come back for and your corporate customers demand. empower customers to transact and discover new products in their preferred channels.



oracle service
balance self-service and assisted customer service that solves problems faster and builds meaningful relationships on your customers’ preferred interaction channels.







human capital management


oracle human resources
plan, manage, and optimize your people processes with one common data source. build global consistency at every stage of the employee lifecycle while configuring workflows to meet your needs and localizing user interfaces.

oracle journeys
adapt your hr practices to a new generation of team members. deliver an experience that’s personalized, contextual, guided, and accessible from anywhere. from their first day on the job, give your people a single location where they can find answers and grow their careers.



oracle recruiting
create simple, friendly experiences for candidates to apply for jobs. use ai-guided digital assistants to instantly answer their questions. identify the best-fit talent with automatic recommendations of those candidates whose profiles match both the job requisition and the profiles of successful employees in similar roles.

oracle fusion cloud hcm
financial institutions have diverse human resources needs across regional and global workforces. centralize hr operations across the business with a single source of truth, making it easier to take a consistent approach to your workforce decisions and quickly plan and restructure as conditions change.



resources

identify and nurture talent for your next stage of growth







cloud infrastructure


why oracle apps run best on oracle cloud
rapidly deploy the entire suite of oracle’s banking products and risk and finance applications on oracle cloud infrastructure (oci) thanks to exclusive, automated migration configurations that match current on-premises architecture designs.

oracle exadata cloud@customer
oracle database exadata cloud service delivers breakthrough performance, scale, elasticity, and economics for your database workloads. run workloads in the public cloud or in your data center with cloud@customer solutions that allow you to meet data residency, security, and latency needs.

oracle hybrid cloud
bring cloud capabilities to your core platforms while complying with data residency and security constraints. use oracle cloud services in your data center behind your firewall, close to your critical applications. or run your workloads in 29 available global regions to support in-country disaster recovery.



high performance computing
financial applications, including trading applications, require high performance, low-latency infrastructure for consistent, low jitter performance. oracle cloud infrastructure offers high-frequency processors, fast and dense local storage, and the lowest-latency network. supplement or migrate away from capital-intensive on-premises systems.

oci analytics
oracle analytics uses embedded machine learning and artificial intelligence to analyze data from disparate data sources, such as mysql, oss databases, oracle autonomous database, and oracle exadata, so you can make smarter predictions and intelligent decisions.



cloud native services
orchestrate engaging customer experiences by developing your next-generation financial services applications on oracle cloud infrastructure. cloud native services empower modern application development using technologies such as kubernetes, docker, serverless, functions, apis, and kafka.

resources

bank on the most secure high-performing cloud infrastructure
cloud banking services














oracle financial services customer successes

see how customers partner with oracle

















































find resources and more

discover fintech innovation
explore your cloud choices
explore financial services—business insights










get started with oracle financial services





watch our webcasts


discover live and on-demand webcasts that help you explore financial services topics in depth.


discover virtual events







subscribe


keep up with the latest trends across the financial services landscape.


get the newsletter







contact sales


talk to a team member about oracle solutions for financial services.


contact us



















resources for

careers
developers
investors
partners
researchers
students and educators





why oracle

analyst reports

best cloud-based
erp
cloud economics
social impact
culture and inclusion
security practices





learn

what is cloud
computing?
what is crm?
what is
docker?
what is
kubernetes?
what is
python?
what is saas?





news and events

news
oracle cloudworld
oracle cloudworld tour
oracle health summit
oracle dev tour
search all events





contact us

us sales: +1.800.633.0738
how can we help?
subscribe to emails
integrity helpline
accessibility










country/region





© 2025 oracle
privacy/do not sell my
info



ad
choices
careers




























