

welcome to midcoast capital















 

 
our company
midcoast capital ("mcc") purchases private equity and venture capital limited partnership interests (secondaries) as well as securities in private companies (secondary directs).  mcc has been managing secondary interest funds since 2002 and is now making purchases into its seventh fund, diversified private equity investors vii, lp.we seek investments in and purchase: • middle-market buyouts• recapitalizations• established companies with exceptional growth potential. we also purchase: • secondary interests in a wide range of private equity funds• secondary interests in middle-market operating companiesmidcoast capital provides sophisticated corporate finance advisory services to ceos of middle-market companies, as we do to our portfolio companies.
the principals of midcoast capital are experienced entrepreneurs, venture capitalists and investment bankers who have accumulated nearly a century of valuable experience and who have managed more than $90 million of venture capital – including the growth of a major regional investment-banking firm. their combined experience covers the building of successful companies in a variety of industries – among them business services, communications, consumer products, financial services, electronics, information technologies, and medical products. midcoast capital was funded and is primarily directed by its two managing principals, michael cuneo and stephen harris. other principals include james m. buck iii and j. b. doherty, both of whom are longtime partners of mr. harris in the tdh venture capital activities. while messrs. buck and doherty maintain their primary focus on the continued investment and management of the tdh funds, they also participate in and execute assignments for midcoast capital.
back to the top.
 





     our company    investment interests      sellers of secondary interests      capital resources    management team   portfolio companies & clients  press releases    contact us 






 

 







 











