





marie claire: fashion, celebrity news, and more





























 


















































 



 



 












































marie claire










×




search









 



fashion




beauty




culture




power




celebrity




podcast




more





celebrity


politics


career & money


health & fitness


travel


food & cocktails


love & sex


about us


promo codes


home


subscribe


power play










newsletter




 

 

 

 



rss







trendingfashion monthnatasha rothwellthe mogul issuenordstrom's winter sale


















an elder millennial fashion director on fall's y2k trends


watching today’s runways feels like flipping through my own scrapbook.













top stories






















the cargo bag trend sends ugly wallets into hiding


this season's multi-pocket it bags want you to wear your clutter on your sleeve.















13 books that will remind you not to text your ex


allow these novels about heartbreak to help you heal.















your hairstylist's favorite hair brand just landed at sephora


the if-you-know-you-know cult classic is going mainstream.
















natasha rothwell has a vision


the actress goes in search of a spiritual spark as belinda in the upcoming third season of 'the white lotus.' but rothwell's already living her manifestations.

















stay in the knowget exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.contact me with news and offers from other future brandsreceive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsorsby submitting your information you agree to the terms & conditions and privacy policy and are aged 16 or over.





beauty










my beauty editor secret for chiseled cheekbones has nothing to do with contour


let me teach you about tantouring.



























my 56-year-old mother and i are equally obsessed with this new concealer


estée lauder’s latest release is incredible for mature skin and dark circles.


by samantha holender

published 16 february 25














i've tested hundreds of liquid foundations—these 12 give my skin a radiant filter effect


airbrushed complexion, coming in hot.


by siena gagliano

last updated 14 february 25














lady gaga’s bleached brows feel runway-worthy


the singer revealed her new look in new york city as she prepared for her snl 50 performance.


by ariel baker

published 14 february 25
















fashion










hailey bieber styles a barn jacket like a mini dress


the model loves a pantsless moment.



























emma stone uses her louis vuitton gown as a popcorn bucket


popcorn was scattered across the red carpet—just like in a movie theater.


by amy mackelden

published 17 february 25














11 head-turning looks from the 2025 baftas red carpet


even without princess kate, the carpet had regal energy.


by halie lesavage

published 16 february 25














kylie jenner secretly attends the baftas in a backless sequin dress


she skipped the carpet, but still made headlines.


by kelsey stiegman

published 16 february 25




















in the issue










alex cooper is building empires (yes, plural)


the entrepreneur on creating something new, trusting her instinct while overcoming insecurities, and what everyone gets wrong about women in media.



























are these stylists the secret to leveling up your career?


power looks different in 2025. a new wave of professionals are helping women dress the part.















they got everything they wanted professionally by 30. then what?


reaching an all-time career high at a young age comes with a lot to celebrate—and a lot of pressure, too.















golloria george will always be an influencer


no matter what happens to tiktok, the beauty creator is betting on something bigger than any social media platform—herself.
















are millennials secretly rich?


new data claims the generation is wealthier than previously thought. but why doesn't it feel that way?















50 powerful women share their power picks


we asked some of the most successful and stylish professionals we know to tell us about the one item they can’t live without.















hoda kotb had her dream job—then decided to walk away


for the 'today' show co-anchor, turning 60 changed her perspective of what was possible personally and professionally.














nice talk










after setting many historic firsts in basketball, natalie nakase wants to open as many doors as she can


the golden state valkyries coach speaks to editor-in-chief nikki ogunnaike for the 'marie claire' podcast "nice talk."



























how failure felt like "business school" for ashley tisdale—and helped propel her brand forward


the actress, singer, and frenshe founder speaks to editor-in-chief nikki ogunnaike for the 'marie claire' podcast "nice talk."


by sadie bell

published 23 january 25














actress jessie andrews feels empowered by constantly rebranding herself


the 'love bomb' star and fashion entrepreneur speaks to editor-in-chief nikki ogunnaike for the 'marie claire' podcast "nice talk."


by sadie bell

published 9 january 25














golloria opens up about her social media hiatus and "taking her power back"


the content creator speaks to editor-in-chief nikki ogunnaike for the 'marie claire' podcast "nice talk."


by sadie bell

published 19 december 24













politics










after president trump took office, reproductiverights.gov went dark—so theskimm founders brought it back to life


"women will save this damn country."



























michelle obama honors mlk day with a tribute to martin luther king jr. after skipping inauguration


"the time is always right to do what is right."


by amy mackelden

published 20 january 25














cecile richards, former planned parenthood president and women's rights activist, has died at age 67


"our hearts are broken today but no words can do justice to the joy she brought to our lives."


by amy mackelden

published 20 january 25














a glimpse into your project 2025 future


the controversial conservative agenda received plenty of airtime during election season. but what would happen if it came to pass?


by abigail libers

published 14 november 24













money & career










the most interesting pieces of career advice we've ever given


a look back at three decades of tips to help women get ahead at work.
























 more from marie claire 
















retail therapy










denim brands we can't stop talking about


your search for the perfect pair of jeans is over.



























celebrities are done dressing "just like us"


quiet luxury's decline let a-listers do what they do best: shop.















does the "world’s worst weed" carry the secret to holistic hair removal?


according to research, it just might.















ella emhoff never intended to be an it girl—all she wants is to knit


the second stepdaughter and former fashion model opens up about her true passions: art, knitting, and community.
















want rich girl nails? this neutral hue is already dominating


luxury at your fingertips.















the wardrobe mvps i packed for my most recent work trip


i can't board the plane without these must-haves.















fashion's falling hard for the preppy countryside trend


tartan, tweed, barn jackets, and riding boots are all part of the ready-to-ride aesthetic.














travel






















ready for drift-off


a new wave of sleep retreats and spas are offering another way to get some shut-eye.


by deanna pai

published 23 october 24














a field guide to paris' most classic destinations


where to stay, what to do, and what to wear in a city fond of tradition.


by sara holzman

last updated 15 october 24












promo codes










neiman marcus promo codes for february 2025


spend less on designer clothing, footwear, accessories, and homeware with our active neiman marcus promo codes.



























the outnet promo codes for february 2025


shop designer apparel with these verified the outnet promo codes and coupons today.















alo yoga discount codes for february 2025


save with the best active alo yoga discount codes on yoga apparel, fashion, and athleisure today.















tom ford beauty promo codes for february 2025


get your hands on tom ford beauty with the help of these discount codes and invite luxury to your vanity.
















kay jewelers coupons for february 2025


discover new ways to save on stunning jewelry with our verified and live kay jewelers coupons















adidas promo codes for february 2025


choose one of our hand-tested adidas discount and promo codes today.















ssense coupons for february 2025


save with our shoppers' favorite verified ssense coupons and promo codes for designer fashion today.










view all







celebrity










kim kardashian and pete davidson reconnected at 'snl50'


the pair were "spotted talking" at an after-party.



























kristen bell says she has no "chemistry" with adam brody


"we're like an old granny and grampy. it's not hot and heavy on set at all."


by amy mackelden

published 17 february 25














princess kate "put her foot down" about one royal tradition


the princess of wales is raising her kids on her own terms.


by amy mackelden

published 17 february 25














kate middleton shares astounding artwork by her kids


the princess of wales showcased her own artistic prowess with a delicate drawing.


by amy mackelden

published 17 february 25













culture










15 japanese series to binge on netflix while you save up for your next trip to tokyo


they're some of the streamer's most underrated shows.



























mary ellen matthews is the woman behind every portrait on 'snl' since 1999


the late-night show's resident photographer shares her favorite memories and insights from shooting all the talent who come through studio 8h.


by sadie bell

published 16 february 25














madison errichiello is the 'love is blind' season 8 standout who left the pods single—but we haven't seen the last of her


fans already have thoughts on the love square between her, alex, mason, and meg.


by quinci legardye

published 15 february 25














are joey and monica still together after becoming the golden couple of 'love is blind' season 8?


the pair may renew our faith in the dating show's experiment again.


by abby monteil

published 14 february 25













from the archives










finding wonder in textile waste


cliché but true: one man's trash is another man's treasure.



























"i'm suturing her and hearing the firing"


'marie claire' reports on one of the most dangerous places in the world to be pregnant right now.















roommates after 50


middle age can be a time of huge change: career shifts, empty nests, relationship transformations. for some, sharing a space with a housemate can be a welcome salve.















the 700-mile journey to get an abortion


as states continue to enact legislation that restricts access to reproductive healthcare, a network of pilots is flying people across the country to get the services they need.
















you’ve probably never heard of my "invisible disability"


developmental coordination disorder (dcd) can make daily life a struggle. so why isn’t it better known?















of murder and motherhood


their children are gone, but these women are united in their fight for justice and answers.















little shop of horrors


slick instagram ads promised the perfect figure at a great price. but for these women, their brazilian butt lift dreams turned into a life-threatening nightmare.
















 






marie claire





















about us


contact future's experts


contact us


advertise online


newsletter


terms and conditions


privacy policy


cookies policy


careers




marie claire is part of future us inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. visit our corporate site.

©
future us, inc. full 7th floor, 130 west 42nd street,
new york,
ny 10036. 












