




            uvic news - university of victoria        
        



























skip to 
						global menu.
					skip to 
						primary navigation.
					skip to 
						secondary navigation.
					skip to 
						page content.
					



sign outsign in  to online tools


uvic


search



uvic home
covid-19
admissions
academics
research
library
students
faculty & staff
online tools







return to 
                        
                        global menu.
                    
                    
skip to 
                        
                        primary navigation.
                    
                    
skip to 
                        
                        secondary navigation.
                    
                    
skip to 
                        
                        page content.
                    
                    





universityof victoriauvic newsa-zdirectoriesmapssearchsearchsearchsearchsearch uvic newssearch uvicsearch for peoplesearch for departmentssearch for expertssearch for newssearch for resourcesnavigation


hometopicsacademic areasresearchstudent lifemediapublicationssearch





uvic news
latest news most popular the ring


seabed carbon storageusing marine protected areas to preserve natural carbon storage in key areas of the seafloor could be an additional strategy to help limit climate change.uvic newsuvic and waste pickers in brazil build a universitythis new institution is unicata and the founders are brazilian waste pickers working with canadian academics to develop plans and curricula.uvic newsvisionary leader for new faculty of healthtammy hopper appointed as the inaugural dean, faculty of health, for a five-year term beginning may 1, 2025.uvic newssite helps calculate the benefits of drinking lessa new website helps calculate personalized estimates of potential health risks and the benefits of cutting back on alcohol use.uvic newsbridging indigenous knowledge with psychologyemily haigh reflects on her role as the chief mungo martin research chair in indigenous mental healthuvic newsnew banners on campus celebrate lək̓ʷəŋən storydesigned by internationally renowned lək̓ʷəŋən master carver and artist dr. clarence “butch” dick, the new banners depict the creation story of the lək̓ʷəŋən nation. uvic newsconnecting co-op research to health in communityk’sana wood lynes-ford connects a love for chemistry and how it explains the world around her, and a devotion to her communities.uvic newspreviousseabed carbon storageuvic and waste pickers in brazil build a universityvisionary leader for new faculty of healthsite helps calculate the benefits of drinking lessbridging indigenous knowledge with psychologynew banners on campus celebrate lək̓ʷəŋən storyconnecting co-op research to health in communitynext


 

uvic supports coroner’s inquest


the university of victoria (uvic) welcomes the bc coroners service’s recent announcement of an inquest into the circumstances surrounding the passing of sidney mcintyre-starko. we
      are cooperating fully with the presiding coroner.  …



group sex in spotlight this valentine’s day
media release


the sexual health and wellbeing of canadians who take part in group sex will be in the spotlight this valentine’s day with the launch of a first-ever national survey dedicated to
      these common but misunderstood practices.



james webb telescope glimpse of young planet
media release


a canadian-led team of international astronomers has made a groundbreaking discovery about how young planets form and grow using a creative approach with unique tools of the james
      webb space telescope (jwst)



reflections on 10 yrs of truth and reconciliation


her excellency the right honourable mary simon, governor general of canada, shared opening remarks last week at an emotional university of victoria event to commemorate the 10th
      anniversary of the truth and reconciliation commission (trc) calls to action.



when will net zero be truly possible?


it started with a reunion of sorts, a gathering of old friends and colleagues, all scientists. over dinner—and for some, lunch the next day—they shared stories, knowledge,
      opinions. unlike many gatherings of old friends, however, the cli…



celebrating women and girls in science


feb. 11 is the 10th anniversary of the united nations international day of women and girls in science. from exciting and impactful research discoveries to community and global
      partnerships, the university of victoria (uvic) community continues to demonstrate its commitments to advancing breakthroughs by women and girls in science.



microglia: when good cells go dark


marie-ève tremblay, her research team and partners at the city university of new york (cuny) reported some first-in-world findings recently. while the others did the biological and
      biochemical procedures, the uvic professor and canada research chair and her crew of mohammadparsa khakpour, colby sandberg, fernando gonzález ibáñez and olivia braniff performed the electron
      microscopy experiments. together, they were seeking the agents — secret until now — that cause the devastating damage of alzheimer’s disease.



climate science: relationships with the land


janna wale, as a gitxsan woman from gitanmaax first nation in british columbia’s northwestern interior who is also cree-métis on her mother’s side, understands and values the
      science inherent in monitoring the seasons and harvests of her people, in their ways of preserving salmon, and in their observations of and adaptations to changes in climate over
      generations.



campus is open feb. 5, 2025


campus is open wednesday, feb. 5.



weather update


winter weather is forecasted to continue and it’s too soon to predict what conditions will be like on campus tomorrow. we will provide an update at uvic.ca by 6:30 a.m. on
      wednesday, feb. 5.


campus is closed, tuesday, feb. 4


due to challenging weather conditions and disrupted transportation in the region, the uvic campus will be closed tuesday, feb. 4. during a campus closure, academic and
      administrative functions that are available remotely will continue. the closure o…



uvic event marks 10 years since trc concluded work
cbc: all points west


uvic event marks 10 years since trc concluded work


view all stories





navigation




content




quick links





notices
 nominate an honorary degree candidate
call for submissions: 5 days of action arts exhibition at uvic libraries
apply now for a library scholarship
ian stewart ice rink temporarily closed

view all noticesreleases
 group sex in spotlight this valentine’s day
james webb telescope offers rare glimpse of young planet
tiny founders andrew wilkinson & chris sparling named distinguished entrepreneurs of the year
seabed carbon storage overlooked in marine protected area planning

view all releases




return to 
                            
                            global menu.
                        
                        
return to 
                            
                            primary navigation.
                        
                        
return to 
                            
                            secondary navigation.
                        
                        
return to 
                            
                            page content.
                        
                        



contactuniversity of victoria 3800 finnerty road victoria bc  v8p 5c2 canada uvicnews@uvic.ca 250-721-7636
more contact informationaccessibilitywebsite accessibility infocampus accessibility infojoin the conversation
facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram

view all uvic social mediashare your story
send us your story idea
send us your feedback
find moresearcha-zdirectoriesmaps© university of victorialegal noticesemergency contacts




back to top




campus maps




campus security




contact us




uvic.ca




studentresources




faculty & staffresources




sign in






