







financial planning services experts in winter park, fl













































>













connect:listen to dollars & sense podcastaboutour service guaranteeour teamcertified financial fiduciariesjoel j. garris, jd, cfp®christina lamb, ea, cf2™robert l. field, cf2™kristin castello, cpa, cfp®chet cowart, cf2™zach keister, cf2™associatesjack e. nelson, mbaandrew ballentine, jdclient service teamour fee structurein the mediagiving backservicesretirement income planningwealth managementretirement planninglegacy planningtax saving strategiesflorida retirement systembehavioral coachingdollars & senseour bookour podcastfrs infoblogcontact usimportant informationaccount access




 



empowering your financial journey with clarity and expertise40 years of experience built on performance, trust & relationshipsschedule a free conversation expert financial planning services for orlandoa genuine financial plan for your lifeat nelson financial planning, our certified financial fiduciary investment planning professionals help you change your life with a successful personalized financial plan that gives you peace of mind for the future. our retirement plans aren’t some cookie-cutter computer-generated reports like other investment firms. when planning for your future, our financial planners bring together your retirement, investments, legacy, and taxes to provide a clear direction for the rest of your life. we offer these conversations with our certified financial experts cost-free, so give us a call at 407-629-6477, and let us help you build and improve your 401k savings and retirement income, reduce your taxes, and increase your wealth for the future today!schedule a free conversation financial planning and investment serviceswe proudly provide a wide range of financial and investment planning services to help you make the best retirement savings plan for your future.retirement income planningfor those who are planning to retire but need to establish retirement income goals. this planning will help you become prepared for life after you stop receiving a steady paycheck.wealth managementensure your investment management matches your retirement needs. we will assess your investment goals, objectives, risk tolerance, and time horizon and help diversify your investment portfolio.legacy planningwe offer comprehensive financial planning that allows you to feel confident and prepared for the present moment and uncertain future while you are still living. plan your legacy to continue through the people and causes you care about most.tax saving strategiesour tax preparers and financial planners are equipped with over 30 years of experience to help you reduce your tax liability and save you as much money as possible.what sets us apartintegrated retirement planning, tax saving strategies, legacy planning, and wealth management with a focus on timely and proactive client communication.family-owned and operated since 1984 with a tradition of producing superior investment results at a cost typically 25% less than other firms.central florida’s fastest-growing and most honored financial planning firm with the area’s longest-running radio show.next gen dollars & sense bookessential tools & strategies to achieve financial successunlock the secrets to financial success with joel j. garris' insightful book—rated 5 stars on amazon—designed to equip you with the essential tools and strategies needed to take control of your financial future.request your copyfree florida retirement system bookletare you a state of florida employee? at nelson financial planning, we regularly meet with state employees to help them make sense of their options if they are planning to retire. download our free booklet that explains your retirement options or schedule a free consultation today to review your frs and estate planning options with us.download the bookletour history and philosophystarting in 1984 with jack nelson as nelson investment planning services, we remain one of the orlando area’s only fully independent, family-owned-and-operated investment firms. we only recommend actively managed investments that we own personally.learn moretestimonialsnelson financial planning has been a great company to work with. this has been my first time using a financial planning company, and they’ve made the process a smooth and awesome experience. i worked with kristin and she’s an expert at her craft, and she helped me tremendously. i look forward to continuing to work with this team.sebastien g.


 

my husband and i have been communicating with nelson financial planning for more than ten years and they have been fully managing our investments for almost five years. what we appreciate and love is the amount of communication and education provided by joel before we even became clients... read morecornita a. riley


 

my wife, shelly, and i first started using nelson financial planning in the early 2000s and were just beginning our retirement planning. from the very first meeting, joel was intelligent and personable enough to calm our fears and guide us in planning our path to retirement. several times since we have relied... read morejoe koehler


 

this experience may not be representative of other clients' experiences and is not a guarantee of future success or performance.tune in to the award-winning “dollars & sense” podcast!discover why nelson financial planning’s "dollars & sense" is recognized as one of the top 25 financial planning podcasts on the web and listed among the “20 best financial statements podcasts of 2021.” with over 1,600 episodes, it's central florida's longest-running radio show, covering everything from retirement planning to taxes and investments.don’t miss out - listen now




homeaboutservicesdollars & sensecontact usnelson financial planning inc. offers securities through nelson ivest brokerage services inc., a member of finra, msrb, and sipc.additional information about finra membership may be obtained at www.finra.org or by calling 301-590-6500.additional information about sipc membership may be obtained at www.sipc.org or by calling 202-371-8300.nelson financial planning © 2025 all rights reserved.privacy policysitemapaccessibility statement

aboutour service guaranteeour teamcertified financial fiduciariesjoel j. garris, jd, cfp®christina lamb, ea, cf2™robert l. field, cf2™kristin castello, cpa, cfp®chet cowart, cf2™zach keister, cf2™associatesjack e. nelson, mbaandrew ballentine, jdclient service teamour fee structurein the mediagiving backservicesretirement income planningwealth managementretirement planninglegacy planningtax saving strategiesflorida retirement systembehavioral coachingdollars & senseour bookour podcastfrs infoblogcontact usimportant informationaccount access
 

 
 

















