
hammerwood park, near east grinstead, historic houses to visit and stay convenient when flying to or from uk gatwick airport london. england uk. english heritage & preservation. historic houses association and stately homes open to the public in the countryside. places to visit. country houses to visit. places to stay. manors and mansions. film locations, wedding reception, civil ceremony and conference facilities. sussex, kent. surrey. london. brighton. tunbridge wells. led zeppelin. led zepellin. moravian, latrobe, greek revival architecture, classical mythology, parthenon frieze, pyramids, repton, capability brown, landscape architecture & design, educational resources. national curriculum ancient greeks, victorians, making sounds, environmental studies.  english heritage. lectures. lecture tours. icomos, georgian group, victorian society, spab, society for protection of ancient buildings, monuments, world heritage

"he who seeks will find." la trobe
welcome to
hammerwood  park
(we hope you will find this page useful, interesting and entertaining. we hope you may bookmark this page and give us a url from yours . . .please come exploring at hammerwood - there's a better tour of this historic house than any other you'll find on the web - we hope!)
e-mail from here b&b, visiting and other enquiries - and your suggestions please! 

house is closed on saturday 25th june - but open all other weds & sats till end of september

photo: thomas pinnegar 2008
click here for a message from sir hugh casson and afterwards take a tour


hammerwood park was built in 1792 by latrobe, architect of the white house and capitol, washington d.c. was mutilated into flats in the 1960s, was purchased by led zeppelin in the 1970s and was rescued from dereliction by the pinnegar family in 1982.
you never know what to expect next at hammerwood. anything can happen:



click here for visiting information.please scroll further down to take the online tour


we have now been opening to the public for a quarter of a century! there are 2pm tours on wednesday and saturdays from june to the end of september and concerts. 

you can stay here too - an exclusive b&b in most special surroundings!

click here for b&b information at hammerwood


hammerwood has concerts too!
photo: thomas pinnegar 2008
click here for details

hammerwood was built by latrobe.click here to read about this great american architect

hammerwood was once owned by led zeppelin. click here to read about them.
here david pinnegar explains why preserving a historic house is relevant to our generation and our civilisation:



the people here
click here for the pre-1792 history
click here for the story of the people who lived here
click here for what the servants said
click here for what the ghosts say!

take the tour of hammerwood park here

click to come on a tour  then see hammerwood's copy of the elgin marbles from the parthenon.

why preserve the heritage? 
hammerwood park has a copy of the elgin marbles. here is some groundbreaking work about their importance.
click below for what we can do for young people - or you!.
click here for some of our educational possiblities or for details of volunteers

if you volunteer to help here as a gap student, you never know what you might see . . . cheryl cole - the flood on muzu.
ken russell season promocompetition winning films are shot at hammerwood! knife edge used an exterior elsewhere and hammerwood for the inside:knife edge - trailer

click here to explore the most stunning houses to stay in for touring england and waleswatch this space! there
are more to come and we hope to make this section usefully extensive in due course! we hope you will make a bookmark here for future reference.
click here for a special treat if you would like to be pampered in the best of luxuryclick here for comprehensive uk tourism links

we urge all people interested in conservation to support spab - the society for the protection of ancient buildings and if you have moved into an old house, the spab courses help people to make the right conservation decisions which help to both maintain the historic value of a house as well as possibly avoiding very expensive mistakes.



further reading here. . .

texts of:
latrobe's doric revival at hammerwood park, thesis by michael trinder ma, cambridge university
extract: mythic landscapes and hellenic detail: latrobe's early work in sussex, trinder.
history repeats itself over a long enough period! "a nation without a past has no future". "reading the writing on the wall: the challenge of the tree of life":
expalnation of the parthenon frieze, the elgin marbles and the modern world (in which science, history and belief converge), david pinnegar bsc arcs
and here soon further research about latrobe and his extraordinary family, the greek mythological inspiration, apollo, the moravians and the latrobe family inspiration count zinzendorf


visitors book, enquiries and comments
e-mail to hammerwood park here. have you signed the visitor's book yet?

e-mail address is: latrobe@mistral.co.uk. or you could write to us at fax +44 1342 850864
or telephone +44 1342 850594 (01342 850594 within uk)
or post to hammerwood park
east grinstead
sussex, rh19 3qe
england
click here for english heritage preservation news and here for the times report of what english heritage's chairman sir jocelyn stevens has to say about the lottery
hammerwood is greek revival but displays some of the monumentality of egyptian temples but is a better construction!


don't go away without having taken the tour above and looked at the other houses! afterwards however, there are tourist information and travel resources to distract you!
 search with info world for holiday accommodation and holiday rentals are places to look for sunshine where you can find the most prestigious properties in the world

click here to return to the east grinstead tourist information page  with places to visit, restaurants to eat at, a historic watermill restaurant not far away and a historic building to visit in the town itself.






webmaster


