




brands - biodegradable organic safe products - axsys direct












































 








  axsys direct



  brands/products

 simply boss
 wavex
 think purity
 pond wizard

 rich@simplyboss.com
 sds sheets
  toll free 1-866-543-5276










 
 
 
 





























		toll free       1-866-543-5276

 

 









quality products for...
agriculture, industry, home and business


 

 

 








 






 simply boss






 

with a wide range of products simply boss is your source 
for biodegradable safe yucca 
                               technology and microbial technology , 
odor control, organic cleaning solutions for agriculture, industrial 
                               and commercial operations.




product infomation














 think purity






 

when algae/bacteria problems become a battle
                       
                       
                                                              think purity is an innovative, 
algaecide/bactericide designed for use in lakes, ponds, reservoirs, 
irrigation canals, treatment lagoons, and other water systems.




product information














 wavex






 

lake and pond colorant
                       
                       
                               
                                                              wavex is a high quality, concentrated 
water
colorant. it creates a beautiful natural appearance to lakes, ponds and 
lager aquariums. wavex is safe to fish and aquatic species, waterfowl, 
wildlife and pets.




product infomation












 

 

 








 
pond wizard water treatment products

pond wizard products
 assist bacteria in the natural biodegrading of organic build up. 
organic matter builds up occurs in dugouts and ponds from algae, weed 
growth and run off. pond wizard products
 are specifically formulated to assist bacteria in the natural 
biodegrading of organic build up, control of algae in ponds, dugouts, 
lagoons and potable water storage tanks. pond wizard has developed  a non toxic water colorant to create a beautiful natural appearance in lakes and ponds and pond floc to increase the clarity by controlling phosphates and suspended dirt particles.
visit pond wizard


 

 

 




















 






 header title






 

axsys direct manufacturing
	4523 97st.
edmonton,  alberta
t6e 5y8




more info















  email 

 toll free 1-866-543-5276



 

 
 
 
 










