




home - riverside canine center





















































skip to content








rss





facebook





google plus





email





				(603) 889-9800				





 
riverside canine center


					quality dog day care and training classes in nashua, nh				


menu
about
services

dog day care in nashua
reiki & massage
ring rental


classes

pet obedience classes
agility classes


events

agility trials
agility seminars


blog
 










 






welcome to riverside canine center, nashua, nh
we’re committed to assisting you in the proper care and training of your canine companion













dog day care

currently open for daycare
we’ve all heard the adage “a tired dog is a good dog.” dog day care provides your dog much needed mental and physical exercise. we offer doggie day care five days a week.
learn about dog day care





classes

new classes in feb
looking to teach your dog how to be a canine good citizen? looking to have some fun with your dog? our obedience for real life and agility classes might be right up your alley.
new class for reactive dogs starting soon!






events & seminars

riverside is proud to hold agility trials and seminars throughout the year. see what we have available for you.














there are a lot of dog trainers out there. what i look for is a trainer who not only has good technical skills but also knows how to make it fun for us and our dogs. joan gets it, dog training is always fun with joan. robert rosen















i have brought 2 of my dogs to daycare and it’s such a great socialization time for them! they come home very tired from their day of playing inside and outside. the hours are very convenient and the price is right.
 jeanette viola















i have taken puppy kindergarten, obedience and agility classes from joan for about two years.  she is a very patient and consistent instructor.  i am a better handler thanks to joan.  love, love her classes.
 jackie riley















my dog and i look forward to our agility lessons here every week. we highly recommend it! leslie sgro














 








riverside canine center providing dog day care, obedience and agility training classes, and agility events and seminars for dogs and their owners from the southern new hampshire communities of nashua, hudson, merrimack, litchfield, brookline, hollis, and pelham, and northern massachusetts.


get in touch you can find us at:

 48 bridge street
nashua, nh 03060


 (603) 889-9800

 email joan



 from the blog 

agility seminars
october 12, 2024


new reactive dog group class
june 2, 2021


2021 agility trial update
february 4, 2021


new reactive dog class
october 15, 2020


daycare at riverside during the pandemic
march 18, 2020


 

	copyright © riverside canine center, nashua, nh





rss





facebook





google plus





email





 






