





















swimming pool services | east windsor ct | poolman pools



























































 










poolmanpools







 
 








 








menu

 


home
about
testimonials
pool services

in-ground pools
in-ground liners
pool openings and closings
commercial snow plowing


pool supplies
gallery
blog
contact
financing






















 
call now






























pool installations and supplies 



 free estimates | competitive pricing 



now offering weekly maintenance programs! 



(860) 627-9773 






request a consultation





































our services 









































 in-ground pools 



contact poolman pools of east windsor for in-ground pools and additional features. 







































































in-ground liners 



get in-ground liners installed in your pool at competitive prices. 

















































pool openings and closings 



call us for your seasonal pool opening or closing process. 







































































pool services 



we offer free estimates on all kinds of pool installations and replacements. ask about our warranties available.  

















































pool supplies 



visit our store for all the supplies you’ll need to clean your swimming pool. call us for more details. 













































explore our galleries 






























 



inground pool 







 



inground pool liners  







 



pool opening and closings  



















 



pool construction  







 



built in stairs and benches 







 



pool additions  






























what clients say 


























zman f.we were in need of an inground pool restoration. after reviewing several companies, we decided to hire poolman pools of east windsor ct.
we were concerned about the demolition of the old pool and reconstruction of a new pool but our worries were few. tate and his crew did an excellent job with professionalism and the new pool looks great! we highly recommend poolman pools to handle any pool project you may have from renovations to new pool construction with utmost confidence.kara roganwe chose tate and poolman pools to do our new inground pool and cannot be happier with how it came out. everyone was great to deal with and always very responsive which was incredibly important to me. we waited years to do this and made the right choice with poolman.cliff miller and fwe had poolman pool of east windsor open our pool. mike was very professional and extremely helpful. not only did he open the pool but as new pool owners, he provided us with information on maintaining the pool. sean the owner was very helpful in terms of logistics and making sure we received excellent service. we also visited the store recently, and brianna was professional, patient, answered our questions and provided us with additional information regarding products that we needed and how to apply them. the entire proces informed us on how to use them. the management and staff provided excellent services. we are very pleased to have chosen poolman pools of east windsor. they did an excellent job and we would highly recommend this business to others. we are very happy.mary anne t wwe had work done on our pool mike did a great job! the pool hasn’t run this good! we have had work done before and pool closings always satisfied. always doing a great job!debbie foster.

 i have been going to poolman pools for the last few years. i love being able to go in and see either tate or roger for all my pool questions. they test my water, give me a printout and let me know what chemicals i need. i buy all my pool supplies from them. prices are really reasonable. customer service is a plus. they really get to know their customers by name. great company!

n. n.    after 5 years of interviewing almost a dozen pool companies in finally found tate! tate, his dad and the entire team were wonderful....why i didn't find them sooner i'll never know but without a doubt they are the very best. from start to finish and still a phone call here and there, he's always there for us. that's what i call professional customer service. i finally have my little oasis! even though i was away during some of the installation, tate handled everything that needed to be done and reassured me along the way. i cannot thank you enough for everything and will always be grateful for your advise.....everything about the pool is perfect!










































about poolman pools & spas 











poolman pools of east windsor provides in-ground pool sales, installation and repairs, in-ground pool liner replacement, pool opening and closing, and retail pool supplies to the east windsor, ct area.  


































blogs 




































swimming pool water granby ct


 july 30, 2024 


keep your swimming pool water in great condition with granby, ct, for you or other swimmers to be assured of...
read more










swimming pool water testing near bloomfield ct


 july 2, 2024 


probably, there's nothing better than having a swimming pool at your disposal to bring joy and relaxation during the hottest...
read more










swimming pool water testing enfield ct


 june 5, 2024 


swimming pool care is essential in enfield, ct, and the services provided by the pool care team are aimed at...
read more


 



































contact us 



from new pools and remodeling to service and commercial projects, we’re here to answer any questions or concerns you may have.

 




















































send message






  



 


facebook
 



twitter
 



instagram
 

























speak to an expert today 



call us today at (860) 627-9773 






contact







 


















 










navigation 



homeaboutservicescontact 







working hours 



monday to friday9:00am – 5:00pmsaturday9:00am – 3:00pmsunday10am-2pmjuly 4th9:00am – 12:00pm 






facebook
 










get in touch 



main: (860) 627-9773alternate: (203) 245-5843info@poolmanpools.com 
















copyright © 2025 poolmanpools | powered by poolmanpools








 





























































































