






		medically tailored meals for new yorkers living with serious illness | god's love we deliver



























































skip to content (press enter)

















donate






donate now


corporations and foundations: partner with us


shop


shop our amazon wish list for clients


ways to give




create a fundraiser


donate monthly by joining our kitchen table


make a matching gift


tiles for love/honor or memorial/in kind and more


wish list


sponsor a van


give meals that heal


sponsor a birthday cake


donate crypto currency




rent our space


become a member




join the legacy society with planned giving


join the kitchen table by making a monthly gift


join the golden heart society


join genlove, for young professionals


young hearts




signature events




midsummer night drinks


god's love open


golden heart awards


dead funny


race to deliver


love rocks nyc




partner and other events




douglas elliman ride for love




faqs





donate










volunteer






volunteer as an individual




fulfillment at city harvest


ways to volunteer




volunteer as a corporation or group


volunteer on thanksgiving


holidays & special projects




decorate cards for clients


thanksgiving


winter feast




kids & families (young hearts)




summer of service


crafting love




faqs & resources




dress code & food safety














volunteer











clients & caregivers






learn about us




how it works


why medically tailored meals?


schedule us to table your event


sign up for an informational webinar


sign up for a webinar




get meals




i need food


my loved one needs food


i am a former u.s. military member


i have gestational diabetes and need food


my patient needs food


my health plan members need food




healthcare partnerships


menu




learn about medically tailored meals




client community advisory board


client testimonials


faqs & resources




social service partners


beat the heat - emergency resources




contact us







clients & caregivers











nutrition






menu


nutrition education portal


nutrition + illness fact sheets


publications


food safety


recipes


health harvest nutrition resources


nutrition webinars


faqs & resources







nutrition











research & policy






research fast facts - medically tailored meals work


policy




policy innovation




research












research & policy











healthcare partnerships






beyond the plate - events and more!


god's love and the 1115 waiver




social care networks (scns)


announcements




partners in the community


policy


program materials


research


secure us to present to your staff


program webinars







healthcare partnerships











about us






our mission


our impact


awards and accreditations


accessibility


press room




media kits


press releases


in the news




our history




timeline


2015: the michael kors building at god's love we deliver


remembering our founder, ganga stone: october 30, 1941 – june 2, 2021


2020: celebrating 35 years


2022: god’s love we deliver @ northern dispensary




our team




executive team and department


board of directors


board of trustees


culinary council


genlove


staff




rent our space


resources




financials


newsletters


video




email sign up


work with us


contact us












about us











blog





donate now







search










search





close






















celebrating heart health

february is american heart month, a time to focus on heart health and promote strategies to prevent and manage cardiovascular disease. check out our blog for heart-healthy cooking and food shopping tips!


										read our blog
									




















tickets on sale today for the 9th annual love rocks nyc! 

get ready for an epic night of music at love rocks nyc, benefiting god's love! with appearances by alex edelman, amy schumer, susie essman and tracy morgan, the stellar all-star lineup to include alicia keys, beck, cher, christone “kingfish” ingram, dave stewart eurythmics feat. vanessa amorosi, eric burton of black pumas, grace bowers, and many more!


										get tickets
									










being sick and hungry is a crisis that demands an urgent response.

god’s love we deliver cooks and home-delivers nutritious, medically tailored meals for people too sick to shop or cook for themselves.
to support the health of our clients, we also provide ongoing nutrition assessment, education, and counseling. god’s love is a non-sectarian organization serving people in need and their children and caregivers.
all our services are provided free to clients and full of love.

 

















hear from our clients published on oct 21, 2024 hear from some of the 17,000 new yorkers we nourish with our medically tailored meals, delivered with love.  










rosie perez voices god's love we deliver psa: meals that heal. delivered with love. published on oct 12, 2023 god's love we deliver has launched a new public service announcement (psa) to introduce and re-introduce our beloved organization to new york city. voiced by rosie perez and zoe saldana in english and spanish respectively, god's love we deliver hopes to generate new clients, volunteers, and donors with this psa. 










client voices published on oct 17, 2023 hear from god's love we deliver clients and family members how important our meals and nutrition services are for their health and well-being. 










you've never heard of nyc's most popular restaurant published on jul 2, 2024 god's love we deliver welcomed public opinion on a tour of our headquarters in soho to see how we serve 20,000 meals every day to our clients, their caregivers, and children. 










valentine's day: god's love we deliver client jose and spouse carlos love story published on feb 14, 2024 happy valentine's day! today we are celebrate all you sweet valentines out there, especially jose and carlos.
the couple has been together for 30 years! a true new york city love story, they met on the subway in 1993. jose served his country in the air force and served his city as a nypd officer. jose is living with hiv and parkinson's disease. our medically tailored meals have given the couple hope. the specific, nutritious meals have helped to make jose feel better, and carlos as his caregiver receives our meals, too. the two will be spending valentine’s day with a home cooked meal straight from our kitchen in soho – cooked with love. 










delivering love published on may 6, 2024 in celebration of our birthday month - god’s love was founded on may 1st, 1985 - we collaborated with tony award winner bonnie milligan, along with broadway stars arielle jacobs, bradley gibson, and zachary noah piser to create “delivering love,” our latest music video! 

our parody of “seasons of love” from the legendary musical rent calls back to the aids crisis in new york city, when god’s love was founded to feed those who were homebound with aids. having grown to cook and home-deliver more than 4 million meals annually, we address over 200 individual diagnoses with our medically tailored meals. our core commitments have remained at the heart of who we are: delivering meals to everyone who need us, never having a waitlist, and delivering meals the next delivery day.

with you and your support, every minute and every season, we are delivering love to our clients and their families. ❤️ 










the 8th annual love rocks nyc published on mar 26, 2024 thank you to the phenomenal artists and collaborators who made the 8th annual love rocks nyc a phenomenal success! 



current playlist: swipe for more 				









hear from our clients











rosie perez voices god's love we deliver psa: meals…











client voices











you've never heard of nyc's most popular restaurant











valentine's day: god's love we deliver client jose and…











delivering love











the 8th annual love rocks nyc

























get meals 









donate 











volunteer 









our signature difference












medically tailored meals
every client speaks to a registered dietitian nutritionist on staff who designs their menu and provides them with unlimited nutrition education and counseling.


















free to clients
we provide all our services free to clients, regardless of income. people who are sick should not have to forfeit good nutrition due to lack of finances.














care for the whole family
because illness affects the whole family, god's love serves all children and caregivers in the houeshold.














delivered with love
with the help of more than 23,000 annual volunteers, we deliver meals directly to client’s homes.












quality ingredients
our meals contain no preservatives, additives, or fillers.












special touches
we bake and personalize a birthday cake for each and every client, child and senior caregiver, to help celebrate their special day.





donate now






swipe for more 		














milagros, manhattan
“you’re making a difference in my world.
 the love you put into everything you do . . . . i can feel it.”















heidi, manhattan
“i feel as if i own a restaurant. 
i’m very lucky. i’m very happy. i can look at the meals and decide which one i want to eat, when i feel like it.”















david, manhattan
“god’s love meals are nourishing in every way.
i really appreciate every single thing god’s love does from the changing meal selections, to the food’s consistency, to the delicious meals themselves. they are doing a wonderful job and i am grateful for everything god’s love does.”













from the blog
+ view all














2.14.25
					/ clients 

celebrating valentine’s day: our client pedro and his wife of five decades, violeta


god's love we deliver's clients pedro and his wife violeta look forward to their deliveries of their medically tailored meals.

learn more














2.10.25
					/ nutrition 

american heart month: heart-healthy cooking & food shopping tips


cristina spano, ms, rdn, cdn, registered dietitian nutritionist shares heart-healthy cooking & food shopping tips in recognition of american heart month.

learn more














2.4.25
					/ nutrition 

honoring world cancer day


today is world cancer day, a time to recognize the detection, prevention, and treatment of a condition affecting new yorkers every day.

learn more












mar 06
the 9th annual love rocks nyc with executive producers john varvatos, greg williamson, and nicole rechter
the 9th annual love rocks nyc benefit concert is back at the beacon theatre on thursday, march 6, 2025!
learn more




jul 26
midsummer night drinks 2025
please save the date for our 24th annual midsummer night drinks on july 26 in the hamptons. more information to be announced soon!
learn more










proudly supported by



swipe for more 			
























































































































































contact

god's love we deliver 
166 avenue of the americas
new york, ny 10013


tel: 212.294.8100 fax: fax212.294.8101 






connect with us


 
 
 
 




god's love we deliver has achieved the highest standards set by these charitable ratings organizations. 

   




terms of use
corporate compliance
privacy policy






©2025 god's love we deliver
designed by franklyn and developed by nmc





gateway popup





















