





a christian thinktank





what's new

(dec 01/2024)
keyword
search
topic index
common objections








thinking
of approaching god?

make sure you are seeing the real character of god -- 
and are not stuck trapped in the convenient stereotypes thrown around.
this presentation will show some of the aspects of god you probably have never heard of, but which 
you will wish you had known about much earlier...
video: 54:10, 201mb, 960x720;
slides: 59 slides pdf, 540k;
syllabus: 20 pages pdf, 291k.

this is "a" god worth approaching ...beyond our hopes and better than our expectations. 
a data-rich presentation:
video: 1:27, 967mb, 1862x1080);
slides: 27 slides pdf, 256k.


"does god fit in our modern world -- and in my modern world specifically?!" 


a presentation, explanation, and mini-argument
for the faith

(above in french)

(above in spanish)


when you are ready for that first step toward god...

faith is simpler than it looks...

my personal story and experience

what is a christian?

another (smaller) explanation of god's overture
and offer to us...

the christian worldview

thumbnails - small explanations of christian
understandings


the christian experience


what's next? -- the christian experience

three decades of "lessons i have learned"...

tactics for dealing with pride (syllabus/audio)

jesus as friend and companion (syllabus)

christian growth (a study outline)

various questions on christian praxis (in letters
from
readers)

why are there so many questions?

how i made it through it all, so far...and print-friendly version.



series, syllabi, and larger studies

all audio/video lectures





were the miracles of jesus 'invented' by the gospel writers?

how strong is the biblical evidence for the belief that the one god is a trinity?

women in the bible

slavery in the bible

the making of the ot/tanach

the work of christ on the cross

the nt 'bias' and composition

the early urban church (syllabus)

the issue of the canon

messianic prophecy

exploring the process of revelation




an exploration in theodicy

competing claims to "truth"?

christian arguments and conclusiveness?

why does christianity need so much defending,
if it's true?


philosophical/theological topics


the linguistic wall (series)

the 'black and blue' books (series)

consciousness

self-reflexivity

language/hermeneutics

philosophy of religion questions

apologetic theory

theological method

epistemology



special issues


 the case of little glenn - a fictional illustration/semi-parable 
of (possible) penal substitution dynamics [excerpted from a larger article.]

check your awareness and honesty. truth makes demands upon our honestly and humility, 
in a social climate that sometimes seems to be de-emphasizing those... (sigh). 
do a self-assessment of your understanding and attitude, using this document i developed for 
a bright young adult i had been working closely with for several years, 
relative to their cognitive acceptance of 'my' claims about the good-hearted god. only in pdf so far: 
start_at_shalott.pdf.

then, check your claims to credibility. do a self-check on where you stand on the objections list, 
and to what extent you might be 'entitled' to your position (lol). 
[e.g. how much research and fact-checking did you do? how grounded in reason and/or evidence is your opinion?]... fun, fun, fun ...





of interest to followers of
other religions


for students of islam


paul versus jesus? (and versus james, etc)

nazarenes/ebionites the only true christians?
how can christians believe that there is only one god, and yet still call jesus the son of god and how is the believer's sonship to god different from christ's sonship to god?
series on the death of jesus:

do muslims have to believe that jesus was not crucified?
why did jesus allow his enemies to shame and execute him?
how did messiah jesus explain his death to his disciples?
how did jesus' companions the apostles understand what happened at the cross?
how should we respond to the message of jesus and his apostles about his death on the cross?

two articles on diversity in the godhead

are there 3 gods in the trinity? (explanatory work--not a defense)
early history of muslim/christian theological discussions of diversity within god

a series of questions from a muslim in the middle east about jesus--with unusually short answers from me...
(explaining -- not defending -- the positions...non-scholarly disclaimer here)



have you ever seen jesus? have you ever talked to/with him? how do (would) you recognize that person in front of you is him, the jesus?
is jesus the god?  if he is god how can the man kill god?
was he a good prophet?  if he was a prophet why do you say him god?
if he was a god why was this import for him to give his life?  because he could show the right path to the mankind without giving his life.
if he gave his life for the whole mankind, is all mankind saved? if yes how? are their sins forgiven? and if the sins are forgiven, will all go to the heaven?
is this important to convert to the christian religion, if i have to accept jesus? if i think about being a part of christian religion how would i survive? 
because my family will kill me, and how will i like to be a christian just to die?



for students of judaism


did the messianic jewish believers use the hebrew
bible deceitfully in the nt?

were 1st-century jews expecting a messiah?

was jesus a failure as a messiah?

why believe jesus was the messiah when he did
not fulfill all the prophecies?

does the new testament contradict the hebrew
bible by saying the 'eternal law' has been changed?

was jesus' sacrifice on the cross a case of illegal
human sacrifice?

was john's gospel anti-semitic?

was paul's statement in 1 thess 2 anti-semitic?
are christians committing idolatry and violating the 2nd commandant in the use of images of jesus?


punjabi-ctt.com and urdu-ctt.com website (local copy)










finding something on the tank

search for a keyword (freefind)
browse the topics index
browse the subject area index
browse the list of most common objections to the faith
books used in the tank


about the tank

faq
introduction to layout and key sections/features
"critically examine everything"--are you sure
about that??
was paul a christian 'skeptic'?
paradigm beliefs/worldview
the question of supporting the thinktank.
download the entire tank (current as of june 11, 2024) - no cost.



features

letters from readers
letters to readers
submit a "tough question"
"advanced" comic relief
older links



about the author

personal data
my personal story and experience...
why i started this in 1994...
my prayer requests
how to email me
my first/only(?) verse-by-verse pastor/teacher, the late dr. james v. clark (nap): nap clark's bible teaching lectures (local copy)





