



www.magitsurplus.com home page - surplus chemicals wanted and available. news and commentary on the world, chemical industry, politics, economics, technology and finance.


















google adsense header























mag-it surplus
surplus inventory for the industrial chemical community
www.magitsurplus.com
best if viewed at  a minimum of 800 x 600 screen resolution

see our facebook page











featured items available
last updated: monday, july 15, 2024 10:00:47 am est
all items are subject to prior sale and are freight collect from the locations as indicated








in stock
recent arrivals!

disodium capryloampho dipropionate - cas 68815-55-4. low to moderate foam amphoteric surfactant with electrolyte stability and hydrotrope properties. slightly dark, off-spec. 38 totes available, asking $$0.58/lb or make offer, fob mag-it warehouse, greenville, sc usa.

phosphated anionic map-213 - phosphated potassiun laureth sulfate - mild surfactant, high foaming. 23 drums available. make offer, fob mag-it warehouse, greenville, sc usa.

click here for the complete inventory list



in stock

tristyrylphenol ethoxylate, potassium salt - 2 drums available, 830 pounds, make offer fob mag-it warehouse, greenville, sc, usa

sulfobetaine 10 - cas 15163-36-7, dodecyl(dimethyl) amine oxide. amphoteric (zwitterionic) surfactant. 500 kg in 2 x  250 kg drums. make offer fob mag-it warehouse, greenville, sc usa. 

click here for the complete inventory list



in stock

dimethyl-2-methyl glutarate microemulsion - 8 drums available, 3,680 pounds, asking $1.09/lb fob mag-it warehouse, greenville, sc, usa

										oleoylamidopropyl dimethyl betaine - 18 drums, 8767 lbs. mild surfactant. asking $0.68/lb fob greenville, sc.

click here for the complete inventory list



latest listings

ferric chloride solution - 350 lbs. potassium chloride granular - 1x200 pound drum, disodium phosphate - 98 x 50 lbs bags. glycerine - part drum ~250 lbs, make offer.   all items fob greenville, sc. posted dn 062615



view the complete odds & ends list by clicking here











regular features












online edition


















are you looking for something?
							can't find it listed here?
if you have items you are seeking that are not listed on our site you can click here to get a form to enter information about you and the item(s) you are looking for.





							new - join our e-mail newsletter list!
click here for our e-mail opt-in form







do you have items for sale?
click here to get our items available page to offer us your surplus inventory.





useful chemical industry links
the american chemical society (acs) - an incredible amount of chemical industry information is available from their home page at www.acs.org.









							shameless promotions department
visit our new back issues feature





search our site













enter your search terms  submit search form 






 web
 magitsurplus.com


     










humor

*
proofreading is a dying art, wouldn't you say? headline bloopers

									man kills self before shooting wife and daughter

									something went wrong in jet crash, expert says

									police begin campaign to run down jaywalkers

									panda mating fails; veterinarian takes over

									miners refuse to work after death

									juvenile court to try shooting defendant

									war dims hope for peace

									if strike isn't settled quickly, it may last awhile

									cold wave linked to temperatures

									enfield ( london ) couple slain;police suspect homicide

									red tape holds up new bridges

									man struck by lightning:faces battery charge

									new study of obesity looks for larger test group

									astronaut takes blame for gas in spacecraft

									kids make nutritious snacks

									local high school dropouts cut in half

									hospitals are sued by 7 foot doctors

									and the winner is....
									typhoon rips through cemetery; hundreds dead

*









you are a welcome visitor to this page!






credit application

acrobat form or acrobat interactive form
















e-mail us!


e-mail us sales@mag-it-usa.com

© copyright 2000 - 20244 mag-it,llc . all rights reserved









quotes for your thoughts



"if you don't know where you're going, when you get there you'll be lost."

yogi berra
								[lawrence peter "yogi" berra] (1925-) american major league baseball catcher, outfielder, and manager


								
								"the liberty of the press is not confined to newspapers and periodicals. it necessarily embraces pamphlets and leaflets.  these indeed have been historic weapons in the defense of liberty, as the pamphlets of thomas paine and others in our history abundantly attest."

justice charles evans hughes
								(1862-1948) chief justice of the u.s. supreme court
								source: lovell v. city of griffin, 1938


								
								"what basic psychological distortion can be found in every civilization of which we know anything? the only psychological force capable of producing these perversions is morality - the concept of right and wrong. the re-interpretation and eventual eradication of the concept of right and wrong are the belated objectives of nearly all of psychotherapy."

dr. g. brock chisolm
								first head of the world federation of mental health (another nwo group.)


								
								"those in society who are in charge of schools must never forget that the parents have been appointed by god himself as the first and principal educators of their children and that their right is completely inalienable."

pope john paul ii
								[karol józef wojtyła] (1920-2005) polish-born roman catholic pope (1978-2005)


								
								"it is seldom that liberty of any kind is lost all at once."

david hume
								(1711-1776) scottish philosopher, historian and economist


								
								"what is a constitution? it is the form of government, delineated by the mighty hand of the people, in which certain first principles of fundamental law are established. the constitution is certain and fixed; it contains the permanent will of the people, and is the supreme law of the land; it is paramount to the power of the legislature, and can be revoked or altered only by the authority that made it."

william paterson
								(1745-1806) new jersey statesman, a signer of the u.s. constitution, associate justice of the united states supreme court, 2nd governor of new jersey (1790-1793)
								source: vanhorne's lessee v. dorrance, 1795


								
								"this is exactly the message that faily tales get across to the child in manifold form: that a struggle against severe difficulties in life is unavoidable, is an intrinsic part of human existence -- but that if one does not shy away, but steadfastly meets unexpected and often unjust hardships, one masters all obstacles and at the end emerges victorious."

bruno bettelheim
								(1903-1990) austrian-born american child psychologist, writer
								source: in his book ‘the uses of enchantment, the meaning and importance of fairy tales.’


								
								"from the fact that people are very different it follows that, if we treat them equally, the result must be inequality in their actual position, and that the only way to place them in an equal position would be to treat them differently. equality before the law and material equality are therefore not only different but are in conflict with each other; and we can achieve either one or the other, but not both at the same time."

friedrich august von hayek
								(1899-1992), nobel laureate of economic sciences 1974
								source: the constitution of liberty


								
								"political correctness is simply tyranny with manners."

charlton heston
								(1924- ) american actor, former president of national rifle association


								"the next time somebody in the media denies that there is media bias, ask how they explain the fact that there are at least a hundred stories about the shrinking arctic ice cap for every one about the expanding antarctic ice cap, which has now grown to record size."

thomas sowell
								(1930- ) writer and economist


								
								"to educate a man in mind and not in morals is to educate a menace to society."

theodore roosevelt
								(1858-1919) 26th us president


								"many of the deliberate con artists are the "true believers" of fanatical religious or political sects who actually accept the dogma that it is a mortal sin for you to take care of yourself and your family first and in any way exercise your right to the pursuit of happiness while their precious cause is in any way neglected, underfunded or even unaccepted."

rick graber
								source: selfishness vs."selfishness"

*











fight spam! http://www.hostedscripts.com/scripts/antispam.html. mag-it is a products and services firm specializing in the chemical industry.surplus chemicals and surplus cleaners using recycled chemicals. we purchase chemicals buy chemicals sell chemicals. we need your clearance chemicals, janitorial surplus chemicals and surplus cleaners and recycled chemicals. we purchase chemicals buy chemicals sell chemicals. we buy and broker your clearance chemicals, close-out chemicals, and discontinued chemicals. mag-it and formerly the chemfinder of south carolina sc or simpsonville, sc. web site design. web site updates and makeovers. were you there when they nailed him to the tree? if you believe you will see. we buy and sell surplus chemicals and recycled chemicals. we're helping the environment by recycling your surplus chemicals. let us help you with your surplus, obsolete and off-specification chemicals. surplus chemicals is our business. we know about surplus chemicals. we deal in surplus chemicals. we would like to deal with your surplus chemicals. looking for a safe way to dispose of your surplus chemicals? we will help you with your surplus chemicals. surplus chemicals that are recycled and safe to reuse. we buy and broker sales of close-out chemicals, and discontinued chemicals.

web design by mag-it, llc






