






swindonweb | everything swindon news, jobs, accommodation in swindon | swindonweb
















  home   
make this my homepage





 

login / register

 

















search site





 
























front page

swindon pub guide
eat swindon
leisure/sport
swindon life
guide to swindon


swindonjob
swindonevent
swindonshop
swindonhome
swindonb2b
swindonads



















 


high: 
                      11°c
                      low: 
                      0°c


 











swindonweb a-z 
















































































































© swindonweb® 1997-2025
            all rights reserved.
            swindonweb is a
            registered trademark.




















































feature story




ve day in swindon

		the greatest e-ve-r party. how swindon celebrated the end of ww2 in europe #veday80
		















quickguide









featured content, galleries & swtv

swindon weather forecast

even the queen was invited

swindon voices: green spaces or homes?




what's on

what's on today

live music in swindon

swindon film guide

markets in swindon




features

eating out guide

fright, fireworks & fun!

working in...

swindon accommodation guide













































the best swindon pub gardens
to bag an al fresco, eating out bargain! >>












more features and content




























logs - what burns best & who can deliver
              advice on seasoned & kiln-dried logs & who supplies the best in swindon...













pubs with roaring fires
              crikey it's cold!! so here's where to warm your cockles in swindon...

















autumn walks
              the best places to enjoy a leafy stroll in swindon - with places to eat & drink nearby...













swindon's connection to donald trump
              video: tenuous, yes. but well worth a look just because he didn't insult us!...

















swindon and world war one
              lest we forget more than a century on: our 4-part chronicle of the role swindon people played in the great war #therebutnotthere













a bridge too far
              80 years on: swindon's connection to operation market garden, the biggest airborne invasion ever mounted - september 1944...

















oasis - mad for swindon
              after 15 years of feuding, they're back on tour. so what's the story, morning glory?.....













forget the rain! and jump in!
              15 things - some obvious, some surprising - to do in swindon when the sun ain't shinin'!..

















woop, bang, whizz!
              it's guy fawkes! where to enjoy a firework display in swindon...













what a scorcher!
              so here's where to cool down and enjoy the water in swindon - full guide

















hooray!... it's barby time!
              so come on, swindon, let's get sizzling! - full guide













d-day
              80th anniversary: watch our films showing how swindon played its part on the 6th june 1944 - watch videos

















nineteen eighty-four
              1984: swindon's connection to the movie of the george orwell classic - 40 years ago this month













flying nightingales
              d-day 80: the first-ever females to fly in to a combat zone took off from here 80 years ago....

















swindon's secret bluebell garden
              springtime swindon: a peep at an urban haven for beautiful bluebells at blagrove & around swindon - watch video













spinal tap
              40th anniversary. swindon's connection to the mockumentary legends of rock - watch video #takingitto11

















queen camilla in swindon
              old town by royal appointment as monarch visits deacons jewellers to mark their 175th anniversary - watch video













bed pans and begging dogs!
              nhs75: from cradle to grave. a look back at swindon's blueprint for the national health service...

















the dambusters 80
              swindon's connection to the genius of barnes wallis & the bouncing bomb....













it's swindon, ma'am!
              queen elizabeth ii: in her amazing 70 years on the throne, here's the 4 occasions her majesty officially stopped off in swindon...

















the name's craig, daniel 'wroughton' craig!
              ... plus swindon's 00-seven other unlikely connections to the glamour and glitz of james bond - watch video













diego maradona
              swindon's connection to the mercurial football artist.warning: contains words & recollections some town fans may find distressing

















george best
              the good, the bad and the bubbly - and swindon enjoyed all three #legend....













keep the kids entertained
              10 top ideas of things to do in swindon when the school holidays come round - inside & out - watch videos

















a day to remember
              55 years ago!memories of swindon town's greatest day - the 1969 league cup final - 15 march 1969 - watch videos













an album ahead of its time
              50 years on from the moody blues' grounbreaking 'days of future passed' written by swindon rock god justin hayward#madeinswindon

















diana in swindon
              we look back on the princess's visits to town - both official & unofficial - watch video













dog friendly food pubs
              where to enjoy a bite to eat in swindon and take along your four-legged friend...
#dogfriendly

















eating out guide
              italian restaurant in swindon? chinese, perhaps? a quick bite at lunch-time? or sunday lunch? full guide















































































