






wooden gear clocks | diy clock kits | create your own wooden gear clock



















































 
 

 













 










home
shop
our clocks

ascent
crescent
diadem
legacy
serpentine
tranquility


resources

faq
clock videos
testimonials
instruction manuals
returns
shipping
privacy policy


about us
contact
 





select page


  
 
 












create your own wooden gear clock
building a working timepiece is a uniquely satisfying experience, resulting in a beautiful, functional work of art to be enjoyed by all for years to come.

browse clocks





;






“your kit is fantastic, the instructions are clear and concise and with cnc laser cut precision is top notch.  having built a number of various kits over the past 50 years i know what i speak of. . . . this was a fun and educational kit, i would fully endorse it to anyone without reserve.”–paul v.







start building your favorite clock today!

select from one of our 6 unique designs and start building your favorite clock today! no experience with woodworking or clock making is required. 





browse clocks







clock kits for every skill level
no experience with woodworking or clock making is required. our wooden gear clocks are available in several options so that you can tailor to your preferences and skill level.

browse clocks








best sellers



tranquility ready-to-assemble clock kit
$174.00
 



ascent ready-to-assemble clock kit
$169.00
 



legacy ready-to-assemble clock kit
$174.00
 



diadem ready-to-assemble clock kit
$159.00
 












our kits
precut kitsour ready-to-assemble clock kits come with everything you need to build beautiful wooden gear clock.   the only things you need to supply are wood glue and filler for the weight shell (metal shot). no cutting or drilling is necessary. no special tools or skills are required.
clock plansif you have some scroll saw experience and would enjoy cutting the parts yourself, we offer full-size patterns. the necessary hardware is included, but you supply the wood.
material & gearsyou can supplement the plan and hardware set with all of the wood and dowel needed to make your clock. also, you can add the pre-cut gears to eliminate the most challenging of the scroll saw cutting.

browse clocks










“thanks so much for the advice to get my clock working.  i’ve learned quite a bit and gained a tremendous amount of satisfaction building my own clock.”–peter k.

“i would recommend this kit to anyone with an interest in building their own clock.  your attention to detail is impressive.  i received an education on how clocks work through building this clock as well as a tremendous sense of accomplishment.”-matthew f.

“my dad made your ascent clock. when i was a child he made many clocks, and he and a friend use to collect antique clocks. anyway when i come to visit him on the weekends i love to watch your ascent clock run and hear the slow relaxing ticking. he told me that he learned more about how clocks work building your clock than all the other clocks he has made.”– daniel a.





contact

phone
715-955-4101

mail
jeff@wooden-gear-clocks.com

address
1407 lynn avenuealtoona, wi 54720



 









wooden gear clocks1407 lynn avenuealtoona, wi 54720phone: (715) 955-4104email: jeff@wooden-gear-clocks.com 






facebook




instagram




youtube


🍊 website designed by orange impression 




we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept











 































