





greenville ballet school – greenville's best school for students





























































skip to content















 
105 woodruff industrial lane, greenville, sc 29607





 
(864) 234-5677





 
student log-in





 
contact














facebook





twitter





youtube





















 









home
about us
classes & registration
news & events
students
 

 

home
about us
classes & registration
news & events
students
 















call school: (864) 234-5677










classes & registration










discuss enrolling your child










buy tickets: the nutcracker















 














 






 




 



greenville ballet school 











the greenville ballet school’s experienced, professional faculty offers instruction and performance opportunities in classical ballet, pointe, and modern dance. 





















schedule a visit







we give daily tours to parents 
























 




 












 








pre-ballet 



ages 4-5 years old 








 








ballet level 5 



placement by faculty 








 








pointe/variations 



level 5 











 







ballet level 1 



1st, 2nd & new 3rd graders 








 








performance classes 



rehearsals for staged shows 








 








modern dance 



ballet level 4 and above 












 








ballet level 2-4 



3rd grade and up (with experience) 








 








pointe 



11+ years old (approved by faculty) 








 








adult ballet 



basics of classical ballet 























testimonials 



what people are saying about greenville ballet school 












"as a lifelong educator i was moved to see the dedication, concentration, and artistry of a true master teacher. your balancing of strict discipline and endearing touches, of highest ideals and down-to earth empathy is simply beautiful."



 

-albert blackwell
professor emeritus, furman university













"andrew danced professionally before he came here. he was also a principal dancer.  he is diligent and disciplined and is going about it the right way – not forcing it. he is simply working at enhancing the quality of dancing in south carolina."



 

dr. virginia uldrick
founder, south carolina governor’s school for the arts















more testimonials















greenville's premier dance school 



40 years strong! 



expert ballet instructors andrew and merry kuharsky have performed professionally and have over 40 years’ experience in teaching. they understand your child’s developmental needs and offer safe, age-appropriate instruction that will help your child develop self-discipline, strength, and flexibility. 






book your class

















 

 

 





 











the greenville ballet advantage 







safe & tested 



your child’s safety is important to us. because of our expert faculty, we know best how to keep your child safe. we understand what is best for each child of every age. 






meet our teachers —















8,000 sq ft facilty 



4 spacious studios plus generous lobbies for waiting and watching classes, dressing rooms, rest rooms, a work-out area, free wifi and more.​ 






testimonials —















covid-19 policies 



after more than a year of unusual schedules, procedures, and performances, our 2021-2022 school year will be “back to normal.” see link below for current covid-19 policies. 






covid-19 policies —



















 







all classes are taught by experienced arts professionals 







instructors 



our instructors have many years’ experience on stage and in the studio and can pass along what they have learned from many dance professionals.they are parents and professional educators and are used to working with children and balancing love and discipline to get excellent results.  



















learn more about the benefits of dance 



why join greenville ballet school? 











about ballet 



at the greenville ballet school we pass on the tradition of ballet, a classical art form that has been practiced for over 200 years. it emphasizes, beauty, grace, and line and develops physical strength, flexibility, and coordination, as well as artistic self-expression. 






read more —















long-term benefits 



the benefits of ballet have been shown in a 2012 study commissioned by the national endowment for the arts that found significant connections between high involvement in arts learning and general academic success, including lower dropout rates. 






read more —















why choose ballet? 



ballet is the foundation of most other kinds of dance, and we encourage our students to start out with the “a-b-c’s” of dance that ballet provides. however, once they know the basics, we encourage our students to explore other dance forms. 






read more —




















about our dance instructors 



40 years  in greenville 










book your class







discover your dance! 















 



the greenville ballet school provides the finest quality dance instruction in a fun and loving environment in order to promote lifelong learning, fitness, and an appreciation of the arts. 






facebook





twitter





youtube












additional links 











 
about





 
class schedule





 
registration





 
contact





 
calendar















 
annual nutcracker ballet





 
chidren's safety





 
benefits of ballet





 
school news & events





 
tuition, uniforms















greenville ballet info packet request 











								name							




								email							




								how old is your child?							
 

 



submit request

















© 2022 all rights reserved​. view our disclaimers & privacy policy 







made with ❤ by blotter.com 


























