



welcome to friends of morocco






ahlan! (welcome) to 
friends of morocco 





about friends of morocco
membership information
volunteer opportunities
newsletters fom (& fot)
souq the fom market
 links to morocco sites
 
fom's  yellow pages  
50 ways to  serve fom
pc online directory





  

friends of morocco 
        po box 2579
        washington, dc 20013 - 2579 

 703 470 3166 
          tim@friendsofmorocco.org 
 

for questions, corrections and suggestions of content 
        contact tim resch. 

this page was  updated on 
december 20, 2024



friends of morocco (fom), active since 1988, is an organization of americans, mostly returned peace corps volunteers (rpcvs), with experience in morocco, moroccan-americans and moroccans in america united with an interest in promoting educational, cultural, charitable, social, literary and scientific exchange between morocco and the united states of america. 
fom seeks to:
  unite americans with morocco experience, moroccan-americans and moroccans in america;
  improve the awareness of americans regarding the culture, needs and achievements of moroccan peoples; 
  keep members and others current on events in morocco; 
  organize and implement development education and outreach activities;
  support projects of the u.s. peace corps and private charitable organizations in morocco; 
  fund and support scholarship on morocco and moroccans. 

 
    friends of morocco combined   newsletter april and july 2019
    friends of morocco january 2019 e-newsletter
    friends of morocco october 2018 e-newsletter
    friends of morocco july 2018 e-newsletter
    friends of morocco april 2018 e-newsletter
    friends of morocco january 2018 e-newsletter
    friends of morocco september 2017 e-newsletter
    friends of morocco june 2017 e-newsletter
    friends of morocco march 2017 e-newsletter
    friends of morocco january 2017 e-newsletter
    peaceworks is a literary magazine created for and by volunteers in peace corps morocco
    podcast: peace corps morocco. morocco was one of the first countries to request peace  corps assistance with its development plans, in 1963. since then, nearly 5,000  volunteers have served in morocco, and today it is the only country in the  middle east and north africa to host peace corps programming. to learn more  about the peace corps in morocco, the moroccan american center spoke with tim resch and meewa mull. tim  resch served as a volunteer in morocco from 1970 to 1974, and is currently the  president of the friends of morocco, a returned peace corps volunteer alumni  group. meewa mull served as a peace corps volunteer in armenia. 
      morocco world news     
     morocco on the move an initiative of the moroccan american center, a group of three ngos – the moroccan american center for policy, the moroccan american trade and investment center, and the moroccan american cultural center.  

     friends of morocco youtube channel
     peace corps  morocco youtube channel

 
      northern community radio announces 27 months  audio-documentary. 

independent producer david mcdonald recently returned to grand rapids,  minnesota after serving as a peace corps volunteer in morocco from 2012 to  2014. during his service, he interviewed over 40 fellow peace corps volunteers  as well as recorded a fascinating variety of audio from all over morocco. 

        the result is a ten-part audio documentary called "27 months" - an  entertaining and thought-provoking series that looks at what it means to serve  as a peace corps volunteer from the first day of training in philadelphia to  the close of service in morocco more than two years later. with a mixture of  david's narration, wide-ranging interviews with his colleagues, everyday sounds  from morocco, and loads of different music, "27 months" explores whether  the peace corps is still relevant in the 21st century by looking at the good,  the bad, the disappointing, and the fulfilling. the series is now available free to public radio stations for rebroadcast.  


other related insitutions
            the national peace corps association engages those who served in the peace corps, or share the peace corps values, to build communities that inform, inspire, and integrate experiences that promote understanding and appreciation of other countries and cultures and sustainable development across the globe.    friends of morocco is an official group at peace corps connect as is the high atlas foundation.  the peace corps connect community is going strong!  find fellow volunteers, discuss projects, and become a part of the community if you are not already.
     tangier-american legation institute for moroccan studies (talim) is the only historic landmark of the united states located abroad and now operates as a a museum and cultural center. through its grants, conferences, research library, public visitor and social outreach programs, talim provides a bridge of communication and understanding between the u.s., morocco, and countries around the world. 
     corpsafrica sends college-educated moroccans and other  africans to live in remote villages in their own countries for one year to  facilitate small-scale, high-impact projects that are identified by local  people, along the lines of the peace corps model. founded by a morocco rpcv,  they host volunteers in morocco, malawi, senegal and rwanda. meet the fabulous corpsafrica volunteers and  follow their adventures on the volunteer  blog, 
     high atlas foundation works to establish development projects in different parts of morocco that local communities design and manage, and that are in partnership with government and non-government agencies. haf uses a participatory development approach that includes beneficiaries as active partners in every step of the development process - from prioritizing development goals to project implementation and management to monitoring and evaluation. 

speak the language 
    learning moroccan arabic
    learning tahslheet 
    tamazight dictionary
        tamazight - english and english - tamazight
        peace corps/morocco nov. 2007
eat the food
          over 600 moroccan recipes now available in the souk. pc/morocco 2007 cookbook for volunteers (1.9 mb pdf)understand beliefs 
  resources for understanding islam and the arab world




