





welcome to edgewood borough, pittsburgh, pa











































home


departments


contacts
police
public works
fire
emergency


recreation
koenig field
become a sponsor
parks & directions
sports
programs
movie night
employment & volunteer opportunities



overview edgewood borough departments






mayor & council


committees
rules of order
meetings
current yearagendas and minutes


archived agendas and minutes
2023 archives
2022 archives
2021 archives
2020 archives
older meeting archives



download agendas and minutes






administration


contacts
annual budget

annual report
comprehensive plans
tax information
borough ordinances
borough ordinance database
zoning ordinances


newsletter archives
public announcements archives
permits & applications
zoning permits and applications
buy parking permits
no parking sign request (pdf)
dumpster application (pdf)
permit for solicitation (pdf)
lien letter request (pdf)

dye test application (pdf)

occupancy permit (pdf)
building and electric permit (pdf)
sidewalk cafe permit (pdf)
recycling & refuse
refuse and recycling schedule (pdf)
water & sewage
stormwater management


rules & regulations

civil service rules (pdf)
open records
right to know policy (pdf)
open records application (pdf)
allegheny county open burning regulations

achd open burning regulation (pdf)



download permits and applications






about edgewood


history
demographics

2010 census data (pdf)
local links
community organizations


faqs
legal disclaimer



about edgewood borough






contact us






























public announcements
winter futsal 
futsal is open to boys and girls, ages 8-12. to allow for the best 
		experience for everyone participating, registration will be limited to 
		20 players. the league will meet once a week on saturdays from 10-11:30 
		a.m. this time will include warm-ups/drills and scrimmage time. due to 
		the construction at edgewood steam academy, we will be using the gym at 
		the western pennsylvania school for the deaf, 300 e swissvale avenue. 
		the fee for this sport is $20. registration will take place through 
		teamsnap. registration will be accepted until all spots are filled.
		

https://go.teamsnap.com/forms/456269


		for any questions about the league, please contact abigail at 
		office@edgewoodboro, or by phone at 412-242-4824, ext 217.
2025 trash collection calendar
starting january 2, 2025, edgewood borough's waste and recycling 
		services will be provided by big's sanitation. trash and recycling will 
		be collected on thursdays. recycling is collected every other week and 
		glass can be recycled at the borough building. glass is not permitted in 
		curbside recycling. please click 'here' for the 2025 collection 
		schedule. 

		household hazardous waste (hhw) and e-waste collections can be scheduled 
		for pickup by calling big's sanitation customer service at 724-379-4331. 
		appointments for hhw and e-waste pickups must be scheduled; these items 
		will not be collected with residential collection. questions about 
		service, bulk items, or container delivery should also be directed to 
		the customer service line, or email:
		service@bigssanitation.com.

		residents will receive a quarterly bill from jordan tax service for 
		solid waste and recycling services. the 2025 service rate is $79 per 
		quarter. bills can be paid online, over the phone, or by mail.

		*please note, there was an error with holiday delays in the 
		february/march newsletter, which has been corrected here.

download updated trash and recycling schedule
2025 budgets 
borough council will hold a public hearing on the proposed 2025 
		budgets on monday december 16, 2024 at 7pm in council chambers for the 
		purpose of receiving public comment.  the budgets are available for 
		review here. 



			general budget


			highway budget


			sewer budget

koenig field off-season
reservations for the field and tennis/pickleball courts are accepted from april 1-november 15. the tennis/pickleball courts, restrooms and water fountains are closed to the public outside of the dates listed above. other areas of the field may still be used for off-season personal recreational use.
race st tunnel closure
starting wednesday, april 24, the race st tunnel will be closed weekdays from 9am to 3pm.  the closure is required to complete the retaining wall work being done by norfolk-southern.   please follow the posted detour during the closure times. at this time, norfolk southern's contractor gregori construction estimates the closure will last through the end of june as their work is highly weather dependent. 
the pedestrian tunnel at maple and edgewood avenues will remain accessible and flaggers will accommodate bike and pedestrian traffic through the main tunnel if it is safe to do so.  
plastic bag ban takes effect march 1, 2024
edgewood borough council passed an ordinance prohibiting the distribution of single use plastic bags for by commercial establishments.  the ordinance text is available here.
2025 parking passes 
passes go on sale monday december 2, 2024 at 9am. information on how to purchase permits is available on our parking permits page.
railroad retaining wall rehabilitation
pennwood avenue norfolk southern has contracted gregori construction to undertake substantial rehabilitation of the retaining wall supporting the railroad tracks along pennwood avenue.  the project encompasses the entire length of the wall in edgewood and a portion located in wilkinsburg.  work is weather dependent but should continue off and on through the remainder of the year. 
pennwood avenue will remain open during construction but motorists may experience temporary delays due to the movement of equipment and lane closures.  please obey all posted signs and flaggers while in the construction zone.
important change to recycling
as of january 1, 2021, republic services is no longer accepting any glass with curbside recycling collection. glass has the tendency to break during collection and contaminates other recyclables with fine shards of glass.  any contaminated items are forced to be rejected, and sent to a landfill. to continue recycling glass items, republic services has stationed a large blue dumpster in the parking lot behind the edgewood borough building, 2 race street, for items to be dropped off at residents' convenience. this bin is located next to the paper collection bins.   
important note: please only bring your clean glass recyclables, without lids, to place in the bin.  
past announcements 
visit our public announcements archive page for past announcements. 
 
 
 
 
return to top










			edgewood borough
			2 race street
			edgewood, pa 15218 
manager@edgewoodboro.com

			office hours: 
			8:30 am - 5:00pm, mon-fri 
			phone: (412) 
			242-4824 
			fax: (412) 242-4027
	



home
announcements

news
 
						calendar
						 
						newsletter

contact us


departments
						 
						police
						 
						vfd
						 
						emergency
						 
						public works
						 
						recreation


mayor & council
						 
						current meetings
						 
						committees
						 
						rules of order
						 
						minute archives


administration
						 
						budget
						 						
						tax info
						 
						ordinances
						 
						parking
						 
						recycling
						 
						open records


about edgewood
						 
						local links
						 
						faqs
						 
						
				



  





			designed by cme websitesa service of 
			computers made easy, inc. 
			
			



 
 
 


