








home



















































cathealth.com
veterinarian-written / veterinarian-approved articles for your cat.












sign up for the free cat health mewsletter: click here











cat health alternative medicine cancer cardiovascular digestive system infectious diseases metabolic/hormonal neurological parasites & health reproduction respiratory skin urinary system vision bone & joint smelly cat new innovations oral cat care adoption litterbox accessories elimination issues training your cat how to kitten medication multi-cat households nutrition safety senior toxic items vaccines holiday weight management pet insurance testing behavior/training catnip how and why inappropriate behavior aggression playing training your cat travel grooming dental care eyes and ears nail care parasites & grooming skin and fur scratching declawing scratching alternatives why cats scratch breed characteristics types of breeds physical traits tips 

















welcome to cathealth.com


   



tweet










































featured products

























tips / facts


calico cats are almost always female.go to article 



top articles












we know dogs too





newsletter



sign up for the free cat health mewsletter: click here










disclaimer: this website is not intended to replace professional consultation, diagnosis, or treatment by a licensed veterinarian. if you require any veterinary related advice, contact your veterinarian promptly. information at cathealth.com is exclusively of a general reference nature. do not disregard veterinary advice or delay treatment as a result of accessing information at this site. just answer is an external service not affiliated with cathealth.com.




tweet












notice: ask-a-vet is an affiliated service for those who wish to speak with a veterinary professional about their pet's specific condition. initially, a bot will ask questions to determine the general nature of your concern. then, you will be transferred to a human. there is a charge for the service if you choose to connect to a veterinarian. ask-a-vet is not manned by the staff or owners of cathealth.com, and the advice given should not delay or replace a visit to your veterinarian.














cat health cat care behavior/training grooming scratching breed characteristics tips 



 facebook



 twitter




please read the terms of use before using this site.

home contact us sitemap terms of use privacy policy cookie policy 
© copyright 2005 -  2025 cathealth.com












 




























