



















homepage | royal adelaide hospital





























skip to main content








is the emergency department the best place for you?


if not, there are other options







homepage

about
research
careers
contact
covid-19 information for calhn staff

search


 call the rah
 locate us















menu







patients & visitors
healthprofessionals
support us



emergency
do you havean emergency?









conditions, services and clinics
the rah offers specialist services and clinics to deliver vital healthcare to people staying in our hospital (inpatients) and to those here for an appointment or day treatment (outpatient).





coming to / visiting hospital
learn more about coming to rah including visitor hours and guidelines, transport and parking, finding your way around, what to bring, plus much more.





while you are here
learn more about the range of facilities and amenities available during your stay at the rah.





leaving hospital
our goal is for you to feel prepared to leave hospital and have the information and resources you need to manage your ongoing care and recovery.





aboriginal and torres strait islander support
rural and remote patient support
the hospital research foundation group – creative health
interpreters and cultural support
mental health care
disability support and services
emergencies
external accommodation options near the royal adelaide hospital
accommodation for aboriginal and torres strait islander patients and families








clinical services
the royal adelaide hospital (rah) provides a comprehensive range of complex care across medical, surgical, emergency, acute mental health, outpatient and diagnostic fields. it also offers a specialist acute spinal and brain injury rehabilitation service.





gp integration unit
our general practice integration unit (gpiu) was established in collaboration with the adelaide phn to improve patient care by facilitating and strengthening collaboration, communication and integration between general practices and the central adelaide lhn.





outpatients
​all referrals received by outpatient clinics will be reviewed to determine the clinical urgency of the patient’s condition. all appointments are scheduled based on patient clinical need.









support creative health at the rah
to support the sustainability of the arts in health program, the hospital research foundation’s charity the centre for creative health, seeks and oversees donations to the centre.





royal adelaide hospital research fund
the royal adelaide hospital (rah) research fund believes everyone deserves access to the best possible treatment and patient care. we strive to make this possible by raising funds for medical equipment, lifesaving medical and clinical research and enhanced patient services.





volunteer services unit
the respected team of volunteers at the royal adelaide hospital, hampstead rehabilitation centre and repat health precinct - statewide services play an important role by generously giving their time to support staff in enhancing the comfort and well-being of patients and their loved ones.








welcome to the royal adelaide hospital










looking forsomething?

search





view a–z list of services 
view our hospital map 




do you have an emergency?







coming 
to hospital 

transport and parking
finding your way around
visiting and visiting hours
rural and remote patient support



accessing 
our services 

conditions, services and clinics
outpatient appointments
private and public patients
interpreters and cultural support




work with us
want to work at one of australia’s most advanced healthcare facilities? apply now to join a truly world-class health network and see where your next career move could take you.

careers at the rah 




learn more about our world-class facility
about the rah 





explore the rah
watch the video 











want to access this website in a language other than english? learn how using your browser.



quick links


visiting and visiting hours
transport and parking
finding your way around
what to bring


conditions, services and clinics
rural and remote patient support
private and public patients
interpreters and cultural support




contact us



 rah switchboard (08) 7074 0000
 in an emergency, call 000
 outpatient call centre 1300 153 853




port road
adelaide sa 5000



















want to access this website in a language other than english? learn how using your browser.






copyright
accessibility
disclaimer
privacy
sitemap

© royal adelaide hospital 2025
(cc) by-nc-nd department for health and ageing



the royal adelaide hospital acknowledges that the land on which its site is located is the traditional lands for the kaurna people and that we respect their spiritual relationship with their country. we also acknowledge the kaurna people as the custodians of the greater adelaide region and that their cultural and heritage beliefs are still as important to the living kaurna people today.






back to top


search

patients & visitors


health professionals


support us


about


about the rah


structure and governance




research


for research participants


for researchers and sponsors


calhn hrec submissions


research governance


clinical trial submissions


low risk project submissions


expedited review panel


case reports




post approval monitoring and reporting


annual and final/site closure reporting


research amendments


serious breaches, suspected breaches and deviations


safety reporting




clinical trial facilities


education and training


quality assurance/quality improvement and audit activities


grants and awards


crips and prof john beltrame am / ceo innovation awards


crips terms and conditions




calhn allied and scientific health, pharmacy and nursing grant


dawes scholarship (full scholarship and top-up scholarship)


honours scholarship


simpson prize for cancer research


the florey fellowship


early career research fellowship


hscgb funding for research




research finance


parc clinical research


for researchers and collaborators


services


capabilities


facilities


equipment




for patients and the community


contact us




investigator site file document templates


calhn research governance structure




research news


contact calhn research services


national clinical trials governance framework




careers


working at the rah


education and training


emergency medicine trainees




contact


contact information


compliments and complaints


consumer experience team




covid-19 information for calhn staff


clinical care information, flowcharts and matrix


covid-19 positive result? what to do


personal protective equipment


close contact, staff furloughing and return to work


staff vaccination


staff wellbeing


visitors and patient screening (surgery & concierge)







