






early learning coalition of marion county, inc. – we prepare children for success

















































skip to content



menumenuprovider portalparent portalcommunity resourcescalendarcontact us

 








return to the elc of marion county home page





search for:


  search



















 




menumenuhomeabout us

our leadershipcommunity involvedcareersrequest for bidsfaqcommunity stories
parents

school readinessvpkchild care resource & referralspecial needs / inclusionsuccess by 6

parenting programs 
parent resources
providers

professional developmentprovider resources
governance

board informationmeetingscoalition reports
get involved

donateread aloud 15 minutesearly childhood forum
help me grow

for caregivers










 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 








i am a parent/guardian
                    i want to...

select...
do i qualify for childcare assistance
register for childcare assistance
register for florida vpk
find a childcare provider
find a vpk provider
where can i get a verification of employment form?


 

i am a provider
                    i want to...

select...
enter provider portal
register for training
ask for technical assistance/questions
report a change
request inclusion information or access warm-line











all families receiving child care resource and referral services will be contacted to complete a voluntary survey to gauge your customer service experience with our office. all responses are anonymous and confidential and will not affect your services.
 
good beginnings = great endings!
the early learning coalition of marion county is dedicated to providing children and families in our community with access to quality early learning programs that nurture their learning potential and prepare them for their educational success. it is our mission to provide leadership and foster partnerships to optimize a quality early learning environment for our children through child care, voluntary pre-kindergarten and parent education.
we offer the following programs:
parents
free child care resource and referral
free child care resource and referral to all families seeking information on quality early care and education programs. in marion county to contact our ccrr and family service department call 352-369-2315 mon. – thurs., 7 a.m. to 5 p.m. and fri., 7 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.
school readiness program
voluntary pre-kindergarten
  registration is open for voluntary pre-kindergarten program.
parenting programs
help me grow
success by six

providers
early learning performance funding
professional development
the coalition supports potential and current providers. we are available to offer information about starting a new childcare business and enhancing your program. we are also eager to answer your questions about the vpk and school readiness programs. please contact our provider services (or if applicable ccr&r) team/department at 352-369-2315.
 

our mission is made possible through the generosity of:
















take a free online developmental screening for your child.



upcoming events
monday, february 17office closure – presidents’ daytuesday, february 18 @ 1:30 pm - 2:30 pmgovernance committee at early learning coalition of marion countywednesday, february 19 @ 10:00 am - 11:30 amkaleidoscope play & learn at adams bay apartments view more events »







 





 


provider portal
parent portal
community resources
calendar
contact us
 



search for:


  search
















 


© 2025 early learning coalition of marion county, inc.
privacy policy & terms of use | report fraud | file a grievance


administration and ccr&r contact information
            2300 sw 17th road , ocala, fl 34471
            office hours: mon-thurs 7:00am - 5:00pm, friday 7:00am - 12:00pm noon
phone: 352-369-2315, toll-free: 1-877-399-2315
            fax: 352-369-2308


 
 

legal disclaimer: accuracy of information
please be advised that information contained within the pages of this web site is believed to be accurate. however, no claims, promises or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the information are made. any information provided is public record. visitors are encouraged to review the official version of all documents upon which they plan to rely.
legal disclaimer: regarding links to other sites
links from this site are not under the control of the early learning coalition of marion county, inc (elcmc); the elcmc makes no representations concerning their content and is not responsible for their content. that the elcmc has provided a link to a site is not an endorsement or an indication of affiliation with the sites’ owners or publishers. there are risks in using any information, software, services or products found on the internet; and the elcmc cautions you to make sure that you completely understand these risks before retrieving, using, relying upon, or purchasing anything via the internet.










				important announcements			

 
our office will be closed on monday, february 17, 2025 in observance of presidents’ day. we will reopen on tuesday, february 18, 2025 at 7 a.m.

the elcmc is looking to fill many positions (part and full time). click here to see all of our open positions.


all marion county children from birth to age five are now eligible to register for free books from dolly parton’s imagination library. click here to register.
please note it may take up to a week for your registration to be processed. to speed up the approval process, be sure to include an accurate phone number and email address. you will receive an email from dolly parton’s imagination library when your registration is approved.  depending on when your child was registered, it may take up to 12 weeks for the first book to arrive. after that, books will come every month until your child’s fifth birthday.
 
 


			close			


































































































































































































