

the metric system, online metric converters, and metric conversion calculator download
















metrication.com


 

 • introduction
   metric units
   metric conversions
   metrics in drafting
   metrics in engineering
   metrics in clothing
   metrics in the home
   metric products                and information
 
   metric converter apps


 
 
free
on selected platforms
 



   




    



   

for more, visit
my main website:


copyright © 2002-2014
digital design ltd.

site map
 
                    

















             
        




bookmark & share:























the metric system













 

introduction

the metric system originated in france in the 1790s, as an alternative
to the traditional english units of measurement. the new system was to
standardize the units of measurement as trade expanded throughout
continental europe.

although metrics have been used internationally in scientific fields for
many years, the push to convert the world to exclusively using the
metric system only began in the 1970s.

today many countries have adopted an exclusively metric system of
measurement. the united states, however, remains one of the last
countries in the world to go fully metric.

as a result much confusion still exists. now, more than ever, people
need information on metrics in a form that relates directly to them in
their personal and professional lives.

this website has been designed to meet these demands.

 

metrication is the process of converting to the metric system.

the
metrication.com
website has been designed to quickly and easily
provide you with the information that you require, over many different
fields. simply select a topic from the menu on the left side of each
page.

online conversion calculators
are provided for all the different units of measurement. click on the
metric conversions topic for information on the
calculators and how to use them.

a
metric conversion calculator
app is available for your computer, smartphone, or tablet,
so you can perform all your conversions without having to visit this website
each time. click on the
metric converter apps
topic for more information.

 

i have endeavoured to make this website as comprehensive and as
accurate as possible. if you have any comments, or would like to
contribute material for new topics, please visit my
contact details page and let me know.
                        

 


                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                     
                    























