





wynnchurch capital | private equity leaders for the middle market


























wynnchurch capital
menu






approach
partnership
team
stories
portfolio
news






contact
factsheet
login






your company is more than a business. it’s a story.let’s write the next chapter.










founded in 1999, wynnchurch capital is a private equity firm with $9.2b of regulatory assets under management. we provide capital, connections, expertise and experience to help middle-market companies write the next chapter of their growth story.





wynnchurch at a glance



$9.2b
regulatory assets under management




$9.6b
total revenue of current wynnchurch portfolio companies¹




140+
platform and add-on acquisitions since wynnchurch inception




25 yrs
proudly celebrated our 25-year anniversary in 2024



1 figures as of 10/31/2024







we take a partnership approach,
building value by enabling achievement.
learn how we partner with management







building great businesses takes time. we bring a partner mentality and culture to every investment, every step of the way. that means we’re flexible, respectful and easy to work with. we focus on building long-term relationships and value by enabling achievement. the proof? those who work with us once tend to work with us again.





where others see complexity, we see opportunity.
read about our approach







at wynnchurch, we see challenges as opportunities. we dig deeper from day one to see beyond risks and complexities that can drive other financial partners away.we seek to make equity investments from $50 million to $750 million in companies with up to $3 billion in annual revenue. targets include corporate carve-outs, underperforming businesses, growth situations and family businesses in transition.




investment criteria
types of transactions




corporate carve-outs





underperforming businesses





growth investments





family-owned businesses





investment parameters



$750m
investments up to $750 million²




$100m–$3b
investing in middle-market companies with $100 million–$3 billion in annual revenue




u.s. and canada
transactions in the united states and canada



2 includes co-investments





industry focus





manufacturing







distribution







services










we do what we say we’ll do.
meet our team







we have built a reputation for integrity, reliability and trustworthiness by consistently doing what we say we’ll do. our experienced team conducts thorough upfront analysis that minimizes the chances for surprises late in the transaction process. after the deal is done, we’re true to the roles, processes and objectives we outlined at the beginning.


recent news





wynnchurch is proud to partner with girls who invest and support their 30 by 30 vision: 30% of the world’s invested capital managed by women by 2030



wynnchurch named to inc. magazine’s list of top founder-friendly investors


the ​“2024 list of founder-friendly investors” was announced by inc. on october 29, 2024, and is based upon information from the previous year. the program is designed by inc. magazine to help founder-led companies accelerate growth and create revenue. private equity firms that have exited u.s.-based, founder-led portfolio companies are eligible to apply. for investments to qualify, portfolio company founders must have remained actively involved in their business for at least one-year post-investment. winning firms are selected based upon their investments and founder references. wynnchurch is not aware of the number of advisers surveyed for the award. all applicants, including wynnchurch paid a fee to be considered for this award. this award is not to be construed as indicative of wynnchurch’s future performance. this award represents information as of a specific date and time and may not reflect important information related to an evaluation of the investment adviser which has occurred prior to, or subsequent to, the award. inc. magazine is not affiliated with wynnchurch. more information about the founder-friendly investors award is available at 2024 inc magazine founder-friendly investors methodology.





february 12, 2025
handgards acquires inno-pak, creating diversified foodservice-solutions platform with multiple growth tailwinds
read more +



january 29, 2025
owen companies appoints john gerber as ceo with founder earl rose retiring and moving to board of directors
read more +



january 27, 2025
wynnchurch capital acquires astro shapes
read more +



january 6, 2025
wynnchurch capital exits boss industries
read more +



december 10, 2024
floworks completes financing
read more +










grow with us.
we want to hear your story and explore ways to help you write the next chapter.
contact us +









receive our e-mail news alerts

sign up





industry focus
approach
partnership
team


stories
portfolio
news



wynnchurch capital is a leading middle-market private equity firm with a north american geographic focus, specializing in complex transactions.



$9.2 billion of regulatory assets under management
average investment from $100m–$3b in revenues
middle market focus



location

chicago

contact us




privacy policy / terms of use / regulatory information© 2025 wynnchurch capital


all information contained herein is for informational purposes only. this is not a solicitation to offer investment advice or services in any state where to do so would be unlawful. past results are no guarantee of future results and no representation is made that a client will or is likely to achieve results that are similar to those described. please refer to wynnchurch capital’s adv part 2 for additional information and risks. an investor should consider wynnchurch capital funds’ investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. this and other information about the wynnchurch capital funds are contained in each fund’s prospectus.










