

by his love all things are possible











by his love
the sister site to amerak.com
some pages take a bit to load, it's worth the wait!!










click on the poem for a larger version





















click on the  links below


"refresh" often as more pages are added frequently 


for the pages that scroll, click on the words if you are done reading for the next verse to roll up....or it will come up automatically after about 20 seconds 






this tear i shed for you


conception


peaceful spirit


a loving mother


god loves


what i see


happy halloween


i wait


i have come


brother wolf


baby angels


serenity


god was there


all god's children 


another call 


ten children 


happy thanksgiving


about angels


merry christmas


love


unchanging hands


humble


speak out


god knows


my snowbird


the battle


happy easter


happy mother's day


happy father's day





better than sending an "e-card", you can send the best with an animated page. make your selection from the left or right menu click on your choice and then send it to your friends.
be sure and check out the awards below.

" by his love "

hello and welcome to " by his love " the sister site to amerak.com
			this site contains beautiful pages for your enjoyment and allows you the choice of selection to share with whom ever you choose.
			enjoy the pictures, applets, poetry and music. all poetry is original and contains the name of the author.
by his love
offers a selection that contains something for everyone. take your time and check out each selection until you find the right one then send it and share love. my daughter - morning star and myself-running deer, wrote the above poem this tear i shed for you
by his love
i dedicate this site to the creator of all -god for by his love we were created. i also dedicate this site to my family and friends. i wish to thank mr. olympia - dorian yates for the picture of the sun. it was taken in uganda while he was on tour there to see the mountain gorillas.
			given to me as a gift from dorian yates, thanks mr. olympia my friend.
			have fun checking the index and making your selection don't forget to check out
amerak . com

all poems are copyrighted. if you'd like a copy of one of the poems as a gift for someone email me.
running deer








click on the  links below


"refresh" often as more pages are added frequently 


for the pages that scroll, click on the words if you are done reading for the next verse to roll up....or it will come up automatically after about 20 seconds 








by his love


sunrise


tribute to veterans


through the eyes of a child


ties that bind us


in his arms of love


monumental tree


my spirit speaks


my prayer


where do i go from here


a grandmother's prayer


i am a fisherman


kindred spirits mr. olympia 


peace on the mountain 


where is his love 


there is one we can lean upon 



when love is love 



feelings of love


apple cabin 


my friend


on common ground 


happy valentines day


an angel with brown eyes


mother teresa


doctors


the gulf war


no question


hello god


will you remember me










.



.awards






a special thanks to spring rain for her award of web page excellence and for the award for spirit, truth and beauty. 
click on either award to see spring rain's site.




























(click on the award for more)





)


sir froggie's positive news network is proud to present our link of the week award for 12-04-00 to:

feelings of love 
(click on the award for more about positive new network)










.








special thanks to rick and bobbi and raskys spirit for the gift of light award. 





.
updated february 20, 2012 9:54pm 
copyright © 1999-2012 by amerak publications. all rights reserved


