




        find budget and luxury europe hotels


































































otels


europe hotels


about


testimonials


contact










major cities


amsterdam




barcelona




berlin




brussels




copenhagen




dublin




frankfurt




hamburg




lisbon




madrid




milan




munich




oslo




paris




prague




rome




stockholm




venice

















find the perfect hotel in ...













to promote your hotel or tour service, click here












panoramic view of florence and its magnificent duomo by brunelleschi





linger over fresh salad, olive tapenade and charcuterie in provence





market day is a good way to find picnic items and meet locals
























            hotels with historic character in london
        








morton hotel




                    in heart of bloomsbury
                




                        daily from
                        
                            $270
                        










the rembrandt hotel




                    4-star hotel across from v&a museum
                




                        daily from
                        
                            $305
                        










mandarin oriental hyde park london




                    elegant hotel in posh knightsbridge
                




                        daily from
                        
                            $1,127
                        







            hotels with charm in paris
        








hotel du collectionneur




                    luxury hotel near champs-élysées
                




                        daily from
                        
                            $464
                        










odeon hotel




                    in heart of the latin quarter
                




                        daily from
                        
                            $259
                        










hotel le belmont




                    4-star hotel near champs-élysées
                




                        daily from
                        
                            $328
                        







            unique amsterdam hotels
        








pulitzer hotel amsterdam




                    sophisticated hotel set in 18th-century canal houses
                




                        daily from
                        
                            $428
                        










max brown hotel museum square




                    boutique hotel near art museums
                




                        daily from
                        
                            $159
                        





















welcome to europe
bonjour, buongiorno, hola, hallo, and ciao! europehotels.com can help you find a hotel in this scenic continent of folk cultures, castles, technology conferences and festivals.
come discover europe's villages, vineyards, and grand capital cities -- london, paris, rome, berlin, vienna, brussels, madrid, copenhagen, stockholm, warsaw and prague. a land of art treasures, delicious food, and classical monuments awaits. choose your favorite european hotel.








































            paris hotel neighborhood
        







latin quarter (left bank)




                    charming area across from notre dame. stroll by pantheon, luxembourg garden and cafes of fashionable st. germain
                





            london hotel neighborhood
        







bloomsbury / soho




                    near covent garden & theatre district. british museum, homes of literary lions (darwin, dickens, woolf), russell square
                









insider travel tips





june and july tend to be peak season for european hotels. in august, locals depart cities for beach towns & country houses
berlin welcomecard offers transport and museum discounts: 48 hrs for €24 or 72 hrs for €34 (add in the 5 museums on museum island for €52 total). sold at both tegel and schönefeld airports.
entry to the panthéon (former church, burial place of victor hugo, now history museum) in paris' latin quarter costs 9€ (free on first sundays from nov. to march).  climb 276 steps to dome for great views of paris!
on a tight budget? consider staying out in the suburbs (close to a tram or metro line) ... where lodging is cheaper than in the center, where pubs and restaurants offer better values and fewer tourists!































about

otels is one of the largest families of hotel websites in the world, offering you a fast way to find a hotel. open our websites & click around the world ... to reserve your next hotel.

monthly newsletter

subscribe to our newsletter and stay up to date with the latest news and deals!



subscribe






destination guide









top destinations in europe











things to do in europe










travel tips for europe






contact us


                                    otels, inc.
                                    
                                    2200 wilson blvd
                                    
                                    suite 102, #321
                                    
                                    arlington, va 22201
                                    
                                    email: info@otels.com

click to send us a message


stay connected



















                                    2025 © otels, inc. all rights reserved. 
                                    privacy policy | terms of service












