   judy garland museum | museum | grand rapids, mn                 
      
skip to content






menuhomevisit the museumruby slippers storymuseum historyjgm membershipchildren’s discovery museumcdm membershipmuseum mondayjudy’s lifejudy’s impacteventsdonateshopcontact us



menuhomevisit the museumruby slippers storymuseum historyjgm membershipchildren’s discovery museumcdm membershipmuseum mondayjudy’s lifejudy’s impacteventsdonateshopcontact us

218-327-9276











newsletter
"follow the yellow brick road” to grand rapids, minnesota.

 visit the events tab to learn more!
thank you for standing with us through the auctionwe are excited to share a thrilling update at the judy garland museum! while the ruby slippers found another home, we used restitution funds from the ruby slipper theft trial to acquire a remarkable piece of the wizard of oz history. this captivating painting, created by minnesota artist bill mack, depicts the iconic scene where the wicked witch of the west reaches for the magical shoes, and green sparks fly. painted on a metal panel square of the original hollywood sign, complete with wind holes, it uniquely combines the magic of the silver screen with hollywood’s storied past
our museum is still attracting national media coverage!    

npr


ap news


cbs


cnn

the judy garland museum®
grab the family and “follow the yellow brick road” to grand rapids, minnesota. the judy garland museum® is home to an eclectic judy garland and wizard of oz collection, judy’s 1920’s restored birthplace home, the children’s discovery museum, on 2 acres of minnesota beauty. the museum hosts thoughtfully curated exhibits and artifacts, including the original carriage featured in "the wizard of oz", a dorothy gale test dress worn by judy garland, and many personal judy garland items collected over the last 40 years. don’t forget to take a home a souvenir at the museum store!the museum is designed with all ages in mind.

the mission of the  judy garland museum®to engage people in exploring the life and times of judy garland.the museum encourages visitors to learn about this great 20th century artist through educational exhibits, publications, and special events, to honor the talent and legacy of america’s treasure, judy garland.
visit the museum
judy's story
events


judy garland museum®2727 s pokegama ave, grand rapids, minnesota 55744po box 724, grand rapids, minnesota 55744schedule a tour! 218-327-9276
museum
judy's story
events















copyright © 2025 pinnacle marketing group | privacy policy  scroll to top                   

