








meme central - memes, memetics, and mind virus resource















meme
central  books  level 3  resources  richard brodie  virus of the mind  what’s
new?  site map
 
 
meme central
welcome to meme central, the
center of the world of memetics. memes are contagious ideas, all competing for
a share of our mind in a kind of darwinian selection. as memes evolve, they
become better and better at distracting and diverting us from whatever we'd
really like to be doing with our lives. they are a kind of drug of the mind.
confused? blame it on memes.
quick tour:
·        
subscribe to my free
newsletter, meme update.
·        
start reading my book virus
of the mind: the new science of the meme for free.
·        
learn about internet
mind viruses and what you can do to stop them.
·        
find out about living life
at level 3 of consciousness
·        
read the list of frequently
asked questions about memetics.



memetics faq
(frequently asked questions)




how do you pronounce
       "meme"?




"meem"
       (rhymes with "dream")






what is a meme?




memes are the basic
       building blocks of our minds and culture, in the same way that genes are
       the basic building blocks of biological life.






isn't memetics just a fancy
       name for _________ (fill in the blank with "cultural
       evolution", "behavioral psychology",
       "sociobiology", or anything else)? why is this anything new?




the breakthrough in
       memetics is in extending darwinian evolution to culture. there are
       several exciting conclusions from doing that, one of which is the
       ability to predict that ideas will spread not because they are
       "good ideas", but because they contain "good memes"
       such as danger, food and sex that push our evolutionary buttons and
       force us to pay attention to them.






who invented memes?




oxford zoologist richard dawkins is
       credited with first publication of the concept of meme in his 1976 book the
       selfish gene.






if memes control our
       thoughts and therefore our actions, what about free will?




we continually
       understand more and more about how our bodies and minds work. we now
       know that trillions of organic nanomachines in the cells of our bodies
       work together to give us life. neither that understanding nor the new
       understanding of our minds that memetics will give us should affect the
       philosophical question of free will.






in virus of the
       mind, you seem to neglect truth as a main reason that
       memes replicate, focusing instead on psychological button-pushing, evangelism,
       and other non-obvious means. why?




first, the
       theoretical reason. our minds evolved to support survival and
       reproduction in the ancestral environment (stone age). the kind of truth
       that would have aided that would have pertained to knowledge of terrain,
       seasons, and so on. these things are concrete and simple. our society
       today is so complex that concrete and simple things that "make
       sense" are likely to out-compete "true" memes that are
       less appealing. second, empirical evidence shows that students are
       getting worse and worse at knowledge tests.






you talk a lot about
       living life in "level 3." what does that mean?




it means not just
       living consciously, but consciously choosing the memes i allow to
       program me. read this.







memetics resources



internet mind virus antidote


send this page to people who send you annoying chain
  letters, virus hoaxes, or bad jokes.




the church of virus


people who master memetics gain the ability to program
  their own minds—and the minds of others! what kind of religion would you
  create with this knowledge?




hans-cees speel's
  memetics page


dr. speel is one of the first academic researchers to
  devote his work to memetics. his page has many interesting links.




c-realm


see the work
  of kmo.




the lucifer
  principle


howard bloom is one of the world's most interesting
  people. he writes on everything from politics to memetics. visit the site he
  has set up around his book the lucifer principle.




peruse the unofficial
  richard dawkins page or 
read
  richard dawkins's essay "viruses of the mind" 


when i met prof. dawkins, he politely greeted me with
  "oh, you're the fellow who pinched my title!" it was not a week
  after the advance information for my book virus of the mind was sent
  to books in print that i walked into barnes & noble and saw his
  essay featured on the cover of free inquiry magazine. well, i
  suppose the meme infected both of us at about the same time...




memetics
  publications on the web


browse through a collection of memetics-related writing
  available on the web, including papers by daniel dennett, keith henson, and liane gabora.




journal of memetics


have an academic bent? then peruse the scholarly journal
  dedicated to memetics. the first issue includes papers by william calvin, liane gabora, and other heavy
  hitters..




the generosity virus


john stoner has created a designer virus to spread the
  meme of generosity. here's what he says about the virus: "a little while
  ago, i made up these cards. they create a chain of generous acts,
  memetically. how do you use them? you do something nice for someone, and you
  do it anonymously. for example, you could pay the toll of the car behind you
  at a tollbooth. one thing i've done is go to this wonderful bakery near my
  home, and buy a treat for the next person who walks in the door after i
  leave. be creative! and you pass on one of these cards.... check them
  out."




eliezer
  s. yudkowsky


here's a smart young man that i'm a big fan of. he's
  written quite a bit about the future of humanity, especially the
  "singularity" predicted when artificial intelligence overtakes
  human intelligence. he's worth getting to know.




susan blackmore


author of the
  meme machine, she has a nice site with more information on memetics.






last
edited: march 19, 2008
© 1996-2008 richard brodie. all rights reserved.
background image © 1996
lightbourne images



