


	fruit belt officials association home page













home
site map
pay dues
school info
info update
photo gallery






javascript dhtml drop down menu powered by dhtml-menu-builder.com




fboa qr code
want to quickly contribute to our fboa scholarship fund from your paypal account? just click the send button from the paypal app on your phone and press the qr code button at the top of the screen. align the qr code below in the frame. you can choose an amount and add a note. try it today!

upcoming meetings



basketball

sunday, february 23, 2025, our lady of the lake catholic school,	6:30 pm.
			
baseball

wednesday, march 5, 2025, 2153 arrowhead trail, st. joseph,	6:30 pm.
			
baseball

saturday, march 8, 2025, coloma high school,	9:00 am.
			





training dates posted for 2024-25
meeting dates have now been posted for the 2024-25 school year. in some cases, there are some oustanding dates that are tbd, particularly in the case of rookie/mechanics training. these will be posted as they become availalble. you can always see meetings upcoming in the next 30 days in the sidebar on the right side of any fboa web page. in addition, the full list is available on our 
	meetings page. we encourage you to visit this page and add them to your calendar now!
fboa qr code
want to quickly contribute to our fboa scholarship fund from your paypal 
	account? just click the send button from the paypal app on 
	your phone and press the qr code button at the top of the screen. align our 
	qr code below in the frame. you can choose an amount and add a note. the code is available on the home page temporarily and always at the top of the sidebar on any page. try it 
	today!
now available -- pay dues for 2024-25
navigate to our dues page to safely pay your 
	fboa dues for 2024-25. you can pay securely using paypal or any major 
	debit/credit card. if you choose, you can also contribute 
toward our student scholarship fund at the same time you pay your dues. thank you.
go to our dues page now

navigating our site
our website is designed to be as feature-rich and user-friendly as 
	possible. much of the content is being pulled from our online database. if you have any issues as you 
	navigate, or have any suggestions for ways the site can be more beneficial 
	to you, please pass them on to our webmaster using this link. below are some 
	of the site's features:

pictures in the upper right-hand corner of each page are all of fboa 
		members in action. these pictures randomly change each time you visit a 
		new page or refresh the page you're on. have a picture you'd like 
		included? send it to us and we'll get it up!
upcoming meetings list along the right-hand side of the page is now 
		dynamic, and will show any meetings coming up in the next 30 days. since 
		this is pulled directly from the database, it will always be accurate.
can't find what you're looking for? check out the
site map link to see a complete listing of 
		all pages in the site.
our photo gallery page now has 
		thumbnails that can be clicked to show you a larger version of each 
		photo. again, we are relying on our members to keep those action shots 
		coming!
member directory pages now have picture icons for sports worked 
		instead of the old "true" and "false" method used before. this should be 
		a much cleaner way to quickly see which official works each sport. (a 
		special thanks to
kelly white, 
		web designer for the kalamazoo officials association, for this idea and 
		how to implement it!)
you can now pay your dues or donate to our new scholarship fund 
		directly from our website using paypal. check out this new feature on 
		the pay dues page and the
student scholarship page.
we also provide content about the following:
becoming a member.
meeting information and requirements.
how to get assignments.



note: please make sure to use the info update form to 
	keep our member database accurate. all member information seen on the site 
	comes from this database. if you don't get us the changes, they won't be 
	accurate on the site. remember that this is completely separate from 
	changing your information in the arbitersports system.

about the fboa
the fruit belt officials association is an organization serving high 
	school athletic officials in southwest michigan. our members referee and 
	umpire the following sports: football, basketball, volleyball, wrestling, 
	baseball and softball. the mission of our group is as follows:

to provide training.
to provide a forum for regular rules and mechanics study.
to promote the positive image of officials in our community.
to promote members' growth by engaging speakers of interest.
to further our avocation by recruiting, training and integrating new 
		officials.

our web site is designed to enhance this mission by providing quick 
	access to updated information about the fboa, its members, area schools and 
	officiating links of interest, as well as to provide a live forum through 
	the bulletin board system. it is intended for fboa members, school personnel 
	and anyone in the community interested in area sports and the way they are 
	officiated. enjoy your visit!
current officers



officenameemail

president
dave waaso

waasod@gmail.com

vice president
marc kenyon

kenyonmarc@yahoo.com

secretary
daniel barz

dbarz.oafc@sbcglobal.net

treasurer
david buck

dave@djbuck.com

trustee
ian bossert

ian.bossert@gmail.com

trustee
kevin burger

kmburger10@hotmail.com

trustee
mike emerson

mikeemerson49103@comcast.net

trustee
loren johnson

lojo32@yahoo.com



current trainers
	and coordinators



sport
name
role
email address


baseball
dale yoder
trainer and new prospect coordinator

daleyoder@gmail.com


 
steve petlick
trainer

steve.petlick@icloud.com


basketball
ian bossert
trainer

ian.bossert@gmail.com


football
steve petlick
trainer and new prospect coordinator

steve.petlick@icloud.com


softball
bret damaske
trainer and new prospect coordinator

bdamaske12@gmail.com 


softball
howard jackson
trainer

jhoward723@aol.com 


volleyball
dan barz
trainer and new prospect coordinator

dbarz.oafc@sbcglobal.net


wrestling
brian kuemin
trainer and new prospect coordinator
 brian@griffinpest.com






		contact us: 
		info@fruitbeltofficials.org

		website design by dave buck




