









jin joong kwan hapkido


























































 












(636) 327-kick (5425)









facebook


 











facebook




0 items
 












home
welcome to jjk

founder’s welcome
president’s welcome
jjk mission
what is hapkido?
the jjk difference
hapkido vs other martial arts
jjk logos & flags
korean terminology


lineage

founder
president
instructors


join

students


locations

(under construction)
all locations
headquarters wentzville, missouri
cabot, arkansas
savage, minnesota
st. peters, missouri


programs

class schedules
class for adults & kids
women only self defense
combatives
professional defense services


testimonials

students
awards & honors
community involvement


news

blog
announcements


faqs
contact

headquarters
official school list


 


select page


  
 
 













soaring to new heightsstrive for excellence in everything that you do!
the jjk difference









martial arts for kids and adultscomprehensive techniques for realistic situations
learn more









combatives classtechniques designed to be taught to military and law enforcement are now available to martial art school owners.
learn more








is your child bully proof?every 7 minutes a child is bullied. don’t let yours be one of them.
click here to sign up!








women's classself-defense and fitness for women only at the wentzville location.
learn more








special offer
















the leading authority in self-defense

jin joong kwan hapkido’s goal to promote hapkido worldwide as the leading authority on realistic self-defense is taking the world by storm!
realizing the dreams of grandmaster kim myung yong, who established the jin joong kwan system of hapkido in 1967, grandmaster michael rhoades’ intent is to preserve the integrity of jin joong kwan and he has been opening doors worldwide to this incredible opportunity.
promoting jin joong kwan as a pure and complete martial art system, grandmaster michael rhoades is welcoming professional-minded, progressive instructors, school owners and students to take part in this amazing system.
offering legitimate certification with worldwide recognition, instructors interested in bringing this high level of quality to their students should contact the jin joong kwan headquarters in wentzville, mo right away.
grandmaster michael rhoades’ appointment as president of jin joong kwan has opened doors worldwide to unlimited potential. his ranking as 9th degree black belt and the backing of grandmaster kim myung yong himself leaves no doubt as to the validity of instructors and schools that are certified in this amazing, high-quality system of hapkido.

inquire today









realistic self defense
hapkido is a fully comprehensive martial art, including kicks, strikes, joint locks, throws, pinning techniques, use of pressure points and weapons [for advanced martial artists]. jin joong kwan hapkido is a very serious system of self-defense that is often taught to military special forces as well as local, state and federal law enforcement agencies. 







realistic self defense
jjk hapkido offers a comprehensive curriculum that is incomparable to other martial arts systems. techniques are self-defense based and not sport-oriented.





fitness for the family
the entire family can enjoy the many benefits of hapkido training. hapkido is also great way to improve overall fitness and flexible while learning realistic self-defense.





weapons & combatives
jjk hapkido teaches instructors, law enforcement & military in various levels of defensive tactics, close-quarter combat, & firearms instructions to qualified personnel.





seminars & clinics
jjk hapkido offers seminars at the world headquarters. grandmaster michael rhoades is a highly sought-after instructor and mentor by the hapkido community.










kicking
jjk hapkido incorporates devastating low, middle, and high kicks.








boxing
learn how to strike effectively with your hands.








joint breaks
jjk hapkido utilizes joint manipulation as a control tactic.








throwing
hapkido incorporates many throws from various situations. 








sparring
realistic sparring builds confidence vs. point tournaments.








weapons
training includes extraction, retention as well as firearm qualifications.









recent news





featured in the taekwondo times magazine, september 2017 issue





click a title below to read the full article.



christmas and other holidays
by integ | jan 7, 2022 | homepageposts, news, school-wentzvillethe wentzville headquarters of jin joong kwan hapkido will be closed: christmas eve christmas day new years eve new years day memorial day independence day as a reminder, please call when missing your scheduled class.



gm rhoades promoted to 9th dan and president of jin joong kwan by gm kim myung yong
by integ | apr 21, 2018 | homepageposts, newsgrandmaster rhoades promoted to 9th dan and president of jin joong kwan by grandmaster kim myung yong  



gm rhoades appointed as director of the khf usa branch
by integ | mar 30, 2015 | homepageposts, news"i would like to take the time to personally thank all my seniors in the hapkido community and especially gm kim myung yong,  gm bae sung book and obviously president oh se lim. i humbly accepted this position with the hopes of uniting qualified hapkido...



michael rhoades awarded ‘wentzville citizen of the year’
by integ | jan 16, 2013 | awards, homepageposts, newsgrandmaster rhoades was the recipient of the 2012 citizen of the year award from the city of wentzville on january 16, 2013. chosen by the board of alderman as the best representative of this award, grandmaster rhoades received recognition for his contribution to...









 








quick linkshome page
photo gallery
video gallery
new students, join today!
contact us
make a payment to hq
world hq jin joong kwan hapkido, inc.
600 w. pearce blvd.
wentzville, mo 63385
(636) 327-kick (5425)

 












facebook


copyright © 2020-present jin joong kwan hapkido, inc.  website by integritivity. 






 































