





affiliate directory and guide to the best web affiliate programs.













 









affiliate directory
affiliate management
adult
art
autos
bitcoin
books 
cards
classifieds
clothing
computers
covid-19
credit card
education
fitness
flowers
food & wine
fundraising
gambling
games
health
herbal
home business
insurance
internet tv & video
jewelry
legal
magazines
marketing 
matchmaking
miscellaneous
mobile
money & finance 
music 
pay per install
pharmacy 
perfume
poker 
real estate
residual income
retail & malls
search ppc & seo
security
software
sports
supplements
surveys
telephone
tickets
travel
web
web hosting

country programs
australia
canada
india
uk

affiliate resources
newsletter
merchant resources
affiliate resources
affiliate networks
articles
affiliate events
webinars
recommended programs
add program
other directories












 


 affiliate programs



affiliate programs are the ideal way to make money from your website.
 there is such a huge range of web affiliate programs now available to suit you and your site. see the recommended programs for my top picks. 
check out our web affiliate resources section for the best information on events
and how to set up your own affiliate program or
affiliate management.

see our articles or affiliate programs blog
for news, information and comments. see also our new covid-19 coronavirus affiliate programs.
  


 

top affiliate programs


4 web host
a range of very good hosting plans starting at low cost shared hosting through to vps and dedicated servers. this is a great value web hosting service that is ideal for affiliates and merchants of all sizes.

there is also a very good reseller program you can join here.

recommended: i personally use this host for several of my sites and am happy to recommend them.

adsy
promote your business with sponsored content and boost brand awareness with sponsored posts.
publishers can earn money by placing content on your site.
you receive a 10% commission from every dollar your referrals spend or earn with adsy.
with our affiliate program you can attract both marketers and website owners and double your commission.
join at gainrock

markethealth.com affiliate program
two-tier herbal affiliate program with hot-selling products.
features:
highest industry payouts
 5% on referred webmasters
 real time stats
 responsive webmaster support
 detailed commission reports
 get paid twice a month 
 customized exit traffic
 branded website
details here

spidervpn
spidervpn is a uk based vpn hosting company, with servers in 17 countries across the world.
we are the first vpn company to offer hardware router with all of our premium plans, giving an extra level of service and security to our customers.
affiliates are offered a 20% commission on our classic and pro plans and 30% on our service only plans.
2nd tier commission is also offered at 10% and 15% respectively.
register to become an affiliate  here.


see more top programs in our recommended section.



 

new affiliate programs




the following are new or recently submitted programs that we think will be profitable for affiliates.

flexiroam
say goodbye to expensive international data roaming costs and hello to hassle free connectivity. with an esim, your phone becomes a global adventurer —compact, powerful, and ready for action anywhere. embrace the future of flexible roaming and stay connected effortlessly, no matter where life takes you.
affiliate program pays 20% commission.
join affiliate program here and use referal id mainz.

affiliate.com  
affiliate.com is a technology and data platform that brings together publishers, merchants and affiliate networks to maximize efficiencies and revenues.
our innovative neverdeadsm feature ensures your affiliate links are always working, accurate, and earning without you having to check them after publishing.
access over 25,000 merchants and more than one billion products across dozens of affiliate networks - all from one convenient platform.

carbon 360
carbon 360® is a borderless and certification neutral solution helping businesses access best practice carbon accounting and training through a convenient online service that empowers and earns businesses social license, elevate their brands and recognition in their communities.
ghg management certificate demonstrates to employers and colleagues that you have a comprehensive understanding and skills in best-practice emissions inventory management.
we are an expanding global environmental initiative with a rewarding and unique affiliate partner program offer with great earnings potential starting at $500 usd paid per joined business and $250 per joined student into our ghg management certificate program.
join at shareasale.

 emerging technologies institute  
founded in 1999, emerging technologies institute (eti) is a private vocational school licensed by the new york state education department and nationally accredited in the us. with the support of a highly qualified, experienced and dedicated faculty, eti offers a growing selection of comprehensive online programs in business and information technology. with eti’s carefully developed programs, students gain a vast skill set that allow them to stay competitive in today’s job market.
as an eti affiliate, you can earn 15% to 45% commission based on monthly sales you generate. in addition, earn 5% on tier 2 affiliates you refer to the program.
join here.

affiliate benefits with gainrock
an affiliate marketing platform that bundles reliable & income-generating programs for you to get an extra profit.
simple rules & reliable payments make this affiliate program unparalleled. 
ready-use creatives and detailed statistics.

my fun vacation planner travel affiliate
start your adventure as an travel agency owner, where you can travel the world, create everlasting memories, and write your own paycheck.
our exclusive certified agent program brings our agents in focus, to give you
the tools to succeed, the rewards you deserve and an expert sales support team dedicated to you.  you will have exclusive access to book 40+ travel companies!
affiliates receive $12 residual income for just sharing one link on the web.
we provide an affiliate back-office, affiliate tools, and pay weekly.
our program is free to join and affiliates earn a $10 bonus for just joining. 

livechat partner program
being a livechat partner means a possibility to promote well know and highly rated software.
our saas is based on subscriptions and average lifetime of the license is over 2,5 years.
every livechat affiliate receive 20% recurring commission for the lifetime of the customer!
as partner you also have access to special discounts and promotional materials and ongoing support of affiliate specialists.
join here.

datafeedr
datafeedr is a system which enables you to create & embed an affiliate store into your wordpress blog without touching any clunky datafeed files, learning a programming language or hiring expensive programmers. 
this would have to be the easiest way to directly display products from an affiliate programs datafeed.
all the major affiliate networks are supported. try it risk free today.
datafeedr is now operating as a brand under the affiliate.com umbrella.

soar fear of flying courses
professional fear of flying program available online, on dvds, and downloadable to ipod or other players. twenty percent commission.
 click here to become a soar affiliate

magenet referral program
magenet is a great place to earn money from placing text link advertising on your websites. it is a very simple and easy way to earn money from your websites.
they now have a referral program.
get your 10% commission every time your friends place links and earn money.

 smart dentist savings
 high payout cpa offer in the health space pays $40 per sale!
 once you join as an affiliate or publisher, you will earn $40 per sale on all sales you generate! the great thing about this offer is that it converts really well, everyone needs it in the u.s., and it's the lowest price for a dental plan in the industry. plus, consumers that signup get extra money-saving benefits for free!
 also, there is 2-tier tracking in place, and you will get $5 per sale override on their sales.
 join here.

the online crypto summit
over 20 leading experts who are going to share their insider secrets with you over the course of 4 days.
learn about:
 - future trends, limitations, threats and how to get you started
 - how you can quickly multiply your crypto investment
 - how you can incorporate the blockchain technology into your existing business or startup.
 - how you can easily fund and market your blockchain project as an initial coin offering ( ico )
free admission - online summit
when you register, you will see how you can get $500 worth in bitcoin from our sponsors. so, leave your name and email to reserve your free spot.
earn 30% commission on upgrades. join here.

 mobidea
mobidea is a mobile affiliate network for marketers. we specialize in mobile subscriptions, pin submits, sweepstakes and app install offers.
we convert your mobile traffic like no other, giving you the possibility to either send it to highly profitable offers or to auto-optimize it by using our smartlink®.
we know affiliates and what drives them to succeed. we’re proud to have 30.000+ affiliates who know they always get a flat 80% revenue share.
    don’t waste money testing campaigns, advertise only top campaigns that were carefully benchmarked with millions of visits daily! if you have no time to be on top of every offer let our smartlink® auto-optimize your traffic.
     we go beyond support – our team of online analysts, available 7 days a week, has extensive experience in affiliate marketing and media buy. they are fully committed to take your revenue to the next level.
     your earning available at any time – we know how crucial cash flow is for affiliates. mobidea allows you to request your payment when you want! we pay every business day!
we’re present in 200+ markets, have more than 10 years of experience, run over 2.000 campaigns and are 100% focused on mobile content and apps. our platform is currently registering more than 1 billion clicks per month worldwide.
what are you waiting for?
sign up right now and let’s make money! 
 
oranum psychic affiliaites
earn $100 per every $19.95 subscription sign up or 50% revenue share for life! virtually untapped market.
live psychic readings. multiple languages, tons of creatives, reliable twice monthly payouts.

sku feeds
sku feeds provide powered product marketing to ecommerce businesses. giving small and large based ecommerce businesses the opportunity to submit their product catalogues to a variety of free to use shopping channels such as price comparison sites, coupon code sites, deal sites and other social shopping channels. using sku feeds can help an ecommerce business improve traffic, increase awareness and promotion whilst most importantly increasing sales.
the affiliate program pays high recurring commission plus 2nd tier.
join here.

start your own dropship business in no time!
everyone is looking for easy and quick ways to make more income.  wholesale2b can help their members start an online business in no time!  you will make recurring commissions every month with each member you refer.  you can quickly start making more and more commissions each month as you refer more people to us.  why not give it a try! 

travelpayouts
travelpayouts provides 2 cool services: jetradar.com and hotellook.com.
they can help travelers to find cheapest airplane tickets and hotel rooms.
affiliates earn up to 70% of the profit. it's $7.50 from each airline ticket sold on average and $20 from each hotel reservation on average. 

shopify affiliate program
shopify is everything you need to sell anywhere. 
 sell online, in-store or both with plans starting at just $14 per month.
 free trial available here.
  by joining the affiliate program you are eligible for:
-200% commissions (100% paid for 2 months)
-30 day cookie
-blog post bonuses
-contests and giveaways
-responsive affiliate team

cinstaller.com
cinstaller is leading pay per install affiliate program. we pay for installation of our free software - its a best way to monetize your mp3, download, software or video traffic from website or social media. we pay very fast and with minimum 1$ - automatically by biweekly, but on request if you reach your minimum. out rates per install for us - 2$, gb - 1,5$, ca, au, fr - 0.5$ and european countries up to 0.2$ per install.
join here.

app design starter kit
want to design your own app? here's all the stuff you need to get started. all the retina-ready and ui-optimized graphic elements you'll need to create your very own app. 
affiliate program pays $17.50 for each paying customer you refer to this product.
join at shoutly

health products for you
hpfy is a premium online retailer in health care products and home medical supplies since 2002 with 200,000 skus. we have over 20,000 products from thousands of well-know brands for you to market and more being added every week. 
health products include those suitable for use in the prevention of covid-19 infection.
affliate program pays 5 - 10% commission. join at shareasale.



 

resources and tools



these are the tools and resources affiliates may find useful.

cheap low cost web site hosting
with the popularity of mini sites and affiliate marketing it is increasingly necessary to find a good web host who where you can host a variety of domains at very low cost, and still supply fast servers, huge bandwidth, 99.9% uptime guarantee and support.
it took a long time to find but we have now found the perfect web hosting plan for affiliates and mini site owners.
you can register a domain here for just $6 which would have to be the cheapest domain registration offer i've ever found.
get your low cost web hosting here. highly recommended
they also have a great 2 tier affiliate program. join here.

wp affiliate platform
simple affiliate program plugin for wordpress. if you sell products or services online from your wordpress blog/site then this plugin is great way to do an affiliate program for your site.
it is so easy and simple to set up and run but still has all the features required.
priced at just $49.95 it is a low cost way to get your own affiliate program started.
even better is that you bundle it with the wordpress estore for a total of $79.95 and get a fully integrated store and affiliate program.

datafeedr
datafeedr is a system which enables you to create & embed an affiliate store into your wordpress blog without touching any clunky datafeed files, learning a programming language or hiring expensive programmers. 
this would have to be the easiest way to directly display products from an affiliate programs datafeed.
all the major affiliate networks are supported. try it risk free today.
datafeedr is now operating as a brand under the affiliate.com umbrella.

clickbank pirate
a turnkey system for making massive
clickbank commissions on autopilot.
they have completely eliminated the learning
curve and done 99% of the work for you.
in fact they have built us all a money
making machine.
 you don't have to sell anything
 you don't need to learn html or any other  techy stuff
 you don't need to have your own website  autoresponder, domain etc.

all you have to do is send some traffic to
a squeeze page... sit back and count the
clickbank commissions ticking in.
if you can cut and paste, you have what it
takes to make money with the clickbank pirate
system.

affiliate link checker.
this software is dedicated for affiliate marketers.
it helps to detect dead tracking links and to track to direct advertisers.  
get 5% of requests on top with 5g74jbnioe promo code when purchasing a custom plan, or
20% of requests when buying a standard plan with 2g74jbni0.

click guardian
click guardian is an automated tool that monitors for click fraud on google advertiser' adwords ads.
the system monitors ad clicks and issues real-time, automated blocks to client's adwords ip blacklists.
adwords advertisers save money from people, competitors and bots clicking on their ads excessively.

link tracking and ad tracking software
linktrackr is a web-based link tracking, affiliate cloaking and split testing software. linktrackr is used by super-affiliates and high profile marketers to track their sales and leads.
with linktrackr's wordpress plugin, you can easily convert any keyword on your wordpress blogs into affiliate links, helping you make more money on auto-pilot. 

covert action bar 
we all know that blogging is one of the most
effective ways to generate free targeted
traffic - google just loves wordpress blogs.
but at the same time it can be very hard to
monetize it.
in most cases your blog visitors have gone
completely "ad blind".
they have seen it all before - the adsense,
the banners, the optin forms etc and they
don't click it anymore.
but i just found this cool new plug in that
completely changes all that - by sucking your
visitors in and literally forcing them to 
click on any link you want.
click here to see how it works
there is an affiliate program for this you can join at jv zoo.

giveaway - 5 products to sell as plr
receive free and  instant access to:
    10 email marketing articles to sell as plr
    10 emotional marketing articles to sell as plr
    10 fat burning articles to sell as plr
    10 survival articles to sell as plr
    10 travel articles to sell as plr
    fill-in-the-blanks sales copy to get started even more quickly
see this q and a on how you can get paid over and over again for simple articles, reports, and blog posts - even if you never write a single word.	





see more resources for affiliates.



 

affiliate sites



here are some examples of affiliate sites that are profitable.
it is a good idea to see what other affiliates are doing successfully.
just be careful to not copy directly, but to use the same ideas and adapt them to your own websites.


gambling affiliates promote their preferred partners on their sites and either earn revenue share or a so called cpa, which stands for cost per acquisition. for that the referred player needs to make a deposit over a certain amount in the casino.


in addition to targeting diferent countries you can also target diferent languages. since much of the world does not speak english it makes sense for affiliates to use other languages such as french and german too. see some examples below.



have a look at the next examples of affiliate websites. you will see that they are all different but they also have many similarities. once you have done one affiliate website you can easily do more with similar information but different branding, keyword focus and layout.


 new casinos are popping up every week. the best way to keep up is by reviewing all new casinos at nye-casino.com,
 or for new jersey online casinos visit  onlinecasino-nj.com.
 
 
 become a member at norges casino - norway's best online casino!
get 100 free spins by clicking the link!


have you heard about casino-on-line.com? 
it has some kickass features, including real money slots no deposit with instant withdrawals and more than 888 real money games available and $50 free chips today!


wouldn’t it be great if you could win money sitting at home and have fun at the same time? the good news is that i have got a special bonus (with free online casino games real money no deposit) just for you that fetches you $50 bonus funds without making any deposit!


check out onlinecasinodollar for a fun and useful guide to playing at today's top online casino sites.


best usa online casinos
find the best sites for casinos online, offering generous free bonus money throughout all games.


play the best online pokies in australia with no download, no registration, high volatility, and rtps, such as: buffalo, 5o lions, sun and moon, 5 dragons, etc. instant play with free demos or real money version on pokiesman's pages.


kasyno online polskie



 

other make money strategies


while affiliate marketing is a great way to make money from your website, it is not the only way.
often it is better to use a combination of affiliate programs and other methods to monetise your site.
in fact most of the top affiliates are also merchants and have their own products to sell.

some ideas and resources to consider:

plr niche club
plrnicheclub 2.0 is your one-stop solution for quality niche private label rights (plr) at an affordable price.
they offer members two exclusive, high-quality plr product packages every month, complete with a salesletter, articles, affiliate tools, and more. 
this is an easy way to create and sell a wide range of ebooks and membership sites.

cheap wholesale directory dhgate.com
dhgate is a leading marketplace for buying wholesale items from china. it is possible to buy very small quantities or even single items of some products so it makes it easy for people to start small by reselling these items. 
the prices on these items are often very cheap so it is easy to make good profit margins. 
there is a huge range of products across all categories suchs as electronics, computers, phones, clothing, jewelry, home products, sport and more.

start your own dropship business in no time!
everyone is looking for easy and quick ways to make more income.  wholesale2b can help their members start an online business in no time!  



 

affiliate guides and books


affilorama
affilorama is an affiliate marketing training portal providing free training resources and tools as well as premium paid content and products.
dedicated affiliate support team available to answer questions.

the cb passive income.
an entire affiliate marketing system to make cb commission on auto-pilot. 
when you choose to use the cb passive income license, you will get an exact clone of a proven, successful business with the potential to generate a passive income through it… and they will handle absolutely *everything* for you.

back to top





recommended affiliate events
affiliate summit west, 15-17 january 2024, las vegas

see details of these and all other internet marketing events.

affiliate articles 
reliable payment solution for affiliate marketers.
see all other affiliate articles.











page updated on 1 january 2025

 
copyright
© 1998 - 2025  mainz pty ltd
unauthorised copying is prohibited
disclaimer: no recommendation is made about any of the programs listed here.
no liability is accepted for the accuracy of this information. we may (or may not) receive advertising fees and/or commissions from the links on this site.
about us  | privacy policy

web site development by eastman internet  -
quality design at an affordable price..











