








great wine capitals - global network - a world of excellence

















































































 



















capitals

adelaide | south australia
bilbao – rioja | spain
bordeaux | france
cape town – cape winelands | south africa
hawke´s bay | new zealand
lausanne | switzerland
mainz – rheinhessen | germany
mendoza | argentina
porto | portugal
san francisco – napa valley | united states
valparaiso – casablanca valley | chile
verona | italy


best of wine tourism

about the awards
find winners by capital
find winners by map
people’s choice award


industry resources

industry resources
international research grant
webinars
internships
meet our people


news

wine stories
latest news
best of stories


about

french
german
italian
portuguese
spanish









newsletter




twitter




facebook


















instagram


 

 












menu
 
 



 



 






























 


adelaide south australia 
							
awe-inspiring adelaide, south australia 
							 


bilbaorioja 
							
vibrant bilbao & rioja, spain 
							 


bordeaux france 
							
magnetic bordeaux, southwest france 
							 


cape towncapewinelands 
							
spectacular cape town and the cape winelands, south africa 
							 


lausanne switzerland 
							
naturally beautiful lausanne, switzerland 
							 


mainzrheinhessen 
							
vines & vibes: mainz & rheinhessen, germany 
							 


mendoza argentina 
							
majestic mendoza, argentina 
							 


porto portugal 
							
charming porto, portugal 
							 


san francisconapa valley 
							
golden san francisco & napa valley, usa 
							 


valparaísocasablancavalley 
							
colourful valparaiso & casablanca valley, chile 
							 


verona italy 
							
romantic verona, italy 
							 


hawke’s  bay 
							
pure hawke’s bay, new zealand 
							 









 
 
 
 



discover the world’s finest winery tourism regions, the members of the great wine capitals global network!
we share industry insights from the leading winery tourism regions around the globe and promote the most innovative wineries that welcome local and international visitors. our annual best of wine tourism awards are recognized as benchmarks of excellence.
whether you are looking for advice on visiting our cities and wine regions or are in the wine business, looking for expertise to develop winery tourism, our site is full of information about our destinations as well as academic and professional resources.
 


discover the great wine capitals



 
 
 



best of wine tourism
 
awards
 
our best of wine tourism awards celebrate innovation and excellence in wine tourism throughout the greatest wine regions in the world
 


meet the winners



read their stories

 

read the stories behind our best of winners
 






 
sparici landini: where a warm welcome is the key to a good stay
sparici landini winery has received the best of wine tourism award – accommodation for the magical atmosphere of villa dei cipressi, which offers the opportunity to experience unforgettable moments in a place rich in art, history, and excellent wines.
read more
 


 





 
 
 



wine & tourism
industry resources
 


see all reports



 

profile cards
meet our people
 


view profiles



 
 
 



global wine & tourism trends
 
wine stories
 






 
the distinct wine regions of napa valley:  17 appellations to know
as a pioneering wine region in the united states, napa valley, california, is world-renowned for its esteemed wines. in fact, it was the first wine region in california to be designated as an american viticultural area, or “ava,” back in 1981.
read more
 


 



more wine stories

 

  
latest news
 






 
rioja begins its centennial celebration
in 1925, after many years of tense discussions, wineries and grape growers in the rioja region decided to create a series of rules to protect and defend the origin of their grapes and wine. 
read more
 


 



more news

 
 
 




sign up for our e-news
 
newsletter registration
 


register here



 


looking for an internship?
 
get started

looking for an intern?
 
get started

 
 
 




instagram@greatwinecapitals
 
 
 
 

 



 
 





follow us



 
 

 



photo credits:

industry resources: château prieuré lichine [ ©gunther vicente ]
newsletter: château de cérons

 
 
 
  

 
 
 











 

sign up for our e-news
 
personal information will not be shared to any commercial company and will only be used to send the gwc newsletter
 
register here



read our latest e-newsletter



 
 




 

 

 

 

 



 
 





members










 
 





capitals
best of wine tourism
gwc annual conference
internships gwc










 




contact
media kit
my media center










 




about us
privacy policy
cookies policy










 
 


founding member of swr
 
sustainable wine roundtable
 


 

collaborating with unwto
 
world tourism organization
 


 

proud observer of oiv
 
international organisation of vine and wine
 


 

partner of porto protocol
 
the porto protocol foundation
 


 
 


copyright © 1999- 2024 gwcgn. all rights reserved.
 
 
 
  

 

 













we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
more information about our cookies policy

close gdpr cookie banner





accept
reject
settings

close gdpr cookie banner



 

















































































change cookie settings





close gdpr cookie settings











privacy overview









strictly necessary cookies









3rd party cookies









cookie policy








privacy overview




 





this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.




enable or disable cookies














3rd party cookies

this website uses google analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.




enable or disable cookies










please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!







cookie policy

more information about our cookie policy









enable all
save changes




 







 



