





















front page | department of political science










      skip to main content
    






menu


department of political science
















department of political science











open search




search











    quick links+



uc davis







main navigation (extended config)



home




news and events




          people





active faculty


emeritus faculty


lecturers


graduate students


staff





          graduate






          for prospective students





how to apply


faqs


graduate courses


placement record




fellowships and scholarships


on the job market





          undergraduate






          advising center





connect with advising


major checklists


advising forms


campus resources





          majors and minors





political science major


political science - public service major



          international relations major





about ir


ir major curricula


ir courses


study abroad


ir honors seminar


scholarships




minor programs




internships in political science


what's next? options for after graduation


enrichment programs



          honors and scholarships





honors thesis seminar


honor societies


scholarships







          courses





course listings fall 2022



          featured courses





pol 12a - politics and sports


pol12b (h) - climate change and politics


ucd quarter abroad at london school of economics




tentative course schedule





          research





research groups


subfields and faculty





give















 



welcome to political science














 

explore


academic programs
political science has both graduate and undergraduate programs.








 

visit


research
learn about affiliated research groups and faculty research interests








 

give


give
give to the department of political science































            news and events
    






professor satkunanandan discusses nietzsche on cbc radio


january 31, 2025






professor satkunanandan was featured on a recent cbc radio episode, where she elaborates the nietzschean practice of "passing by" and its relevance to the question of whether to engage in dialogue. https://www.cbc.ca/radio/ideas/nietzsche-passing-by-healthy-discourse-1.7434781





professor jones interviewed by news outlets across the country


january 31, 2025






with the trump administration back in office, news outlets including the los angeles times, newsweek, and the washington post have interviewed professor brad jones, seeking his expertise on immigration policy. https://bradjones.faculty.ucdavis.edu/selected-media-appearances/





faculty lecturer spencer kiesel and recent ph.d. graduate sharif amlani publish in plos one


january 28, 2025






faculty lecturer spencer kiesel and recent ph.d. graduate sharif amlani have published an article in plos one that introduces a new measure for affect that captures the motivation underpinning partisans’ attitudes. the new measure asks respondents for one-word to describe voters in their party and the opposing party. then respondents code the sentiment behind their word choice themselves. this two-part measure produces qualitative and quantitative measures of respondents’ affect.





professor tellez awarded uc davis graduate program advising and mentoring award


january 28, 2025






assistant professor juan tellez was awarded the uc davis graduate program advising and mentoring award, recognizing faculty who provide outstanding service in advising and mentoring at the program level. congratulations, professor tellez!





professor scheiner’s latest book, freedom to win, makes the university of california’s “notable uc books of 2024" list


january 06, 2025






political science professor & co-chair ethan scheiner’s latest book, freedom to win: a cold war story of the courageous hockey team that fought the soviets for the soul of its people—and olympic gold, was one of just eight nonfiction books listed among the university of california’s “notable uc books of 2024,” which highlights “some of the year’s most critically acclaimed works, including national book award winners, pulitzer prize winners, new york times bestsellers and oprah picks, all from uc alums or faculty.” 





pagination




              current page
            1




              page
            2




              page
            3




              page
            4




              page
            5




              page
            6




              page
            7




              page
            8




              page
            9

…


next page
next

















            political science
    
469 kerr hall
university of california
one shields avenue
davis, ca 95616
530-752-0966
530-752-8666 (fax)





                admin links
      
log in
webmaster





            follow us
    




























university of california, davis, one shields avenue, davis, ca 95616 | 530-752-1011

questions or comments? privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap last update: march 21, 2022 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.










