



unique florida orlando - orlando rental homes, near disney world orlando, florida



















affordable vacation rental homes and villas 
 with private pools close to disney world florida

 











 

 









 














currency


converter



 












with a personal touch, unique florida rentals - vacation homes
















welcome to our web site if you are looking for a clean & comfortable
        home to spend your vacation in, 
 let us help!
we are a husband
        and wife team who live close to all the homes we advertise on our web site ,the majority of homes are in our own
        neighborhood. we take great pride in all of the homes that we personally
        manage carrying out  lawn/pool care
        and housekeeping ourselves.
all our homes are privately owned and all have
        private screened pool areas several with lakeside positions .all homes
        are  licensed & fully equipped with all convenience appliances for your
        comfort& use including all linens and towels.

        our homes are ideally located to the various attractions in the kissimmee
        area ,only 30 minutes from orlando international airport.
        all close to hwy 192 & 24 hour walmart store and numerous  restaurants and shops ,yet they
        are all perfectly located in well kept
        residential subdivisions ideal for relaxation when needed !!

        it's so easy ! 
  (1)take a look  at our homes  pictures.
        these are genuine pictures of the actual home.
 (2) you choose the one that suits your personal needs .
        (3) e-mail us or call us with your choice of home & dates.

        we will  personally get back to you promptly with  a rate & availability
        and happily  assist you or answer any questions you may have .










 




sitemap

         


pre-order your groceries.............. 

..........they will be in 
your vacation home for you upon arrival, by using coupon code u f h at 
checkout.


 




home
choice of homes
locations
rates
specials


contact
gulf coast homes
attractions
tickets
policies

















sue and dave greenhalgh
			unique florida homes llc
			suite 4 - terra verde resort 
. kissimmee . florida 
			. 34746

			email uniquesue@juno.com
			telephone . 407 390 1858 . 
			fax . 407 390 0455 .

copyright 2002 unique florida homes llc 
 










 







