      professional products for food service | mccormick for chefs®                    trending   new!  mccormick culinary blackened seasoning new! mccormick culinary korean bbq gochujang style new! frank's redhot mango habanero wings sauce new! frank's redhot garlic buffalo wings sauce condiment dispensers frank up your menu! choose cholula we've got your back of house flavor forecast 25th edition    products   hot new products cattlemen's mccormick cholula frank's redhot perfect pinch french's grill mates lawry's mccormick culinary old bay thai kitchen zatarain's    recipes   apps and snacks beverages breakfast and brunch condiments and sauces desserts mains pizza and flatbread salads seasonings, marinades, and rubs wings    inspiration   menu collections heat + flavor condiments speed-scratch bbq solutions k-12 flavors    resources   rebates and sell sheets our difference grown for good about the chefs flavor forecast archives spice stories    contact   find a sales rep questions? contact us subscribe   where to buy   united states  switzerland (deutsch) switzerland (français) france     search  menu  mccormick for chefs®skip to main content       the flavor forecast 25th edition is here! and it's more flavorful than ever. explore flavor forecast   #featured two new seasonings from mccormick culinary >
new! frank's redhot mango habanero wings sauce >
new! frank's redhot garlic buffalo wings sauce >
new! mccormick® mayonesa >
frank up your menu! >    ekiben steve chu  chef steve's goal with the cuisine of ekiben is to create a space for anyone, from any demographic, to try something different. read bio   lengua madre, acamaya ana castro ana castro developed a deep passion for cooking through her grandmother's teachings on the significance of food in bringing people together and healing the soul. read bio recipestry these new flavor forecast 25th edition recipes   pineapple chicken shawarmarecipe type: burgers tacos and sandwiches prep time: 15 total time: 30 view recipe    aji amarillo green curry cashewsrecipe type: snacks view recipe    charred pineapple daiquirirecipe type: beverages cuisine: north american prep time: 20 view recipe    burgers tacos and sandwiches pineapple chicken shawarma  smoky, charred pineapple is the ultimate flavor complement for the savory flavors of chicken shawarma and the tropical, moderate heat of the mccormick 2025 flavor of the year aji amarillo seasoning. serve in pita pockets with a tangy-sweet, seasoned tahini and drizzle of pineapple hot sauce for a dish that seamlessly balances familiar flavors with new. 

this recipe features the mccormick 2025 flavor of the year: aji amarillo seasoning.view full recipe view all recipes ingredients  1/4  cup   tahini    1/4  cup   pineapple juice    2  teaspoons    mccormick culinary ® aji amarillo seasoning   2  tablespoons   lime juice    1  tablespoon   water    4  each   chicken thighs , about 1 1/2 pounds    2  tablespoons   oil    7  teaspoons    mccormick culinary ® aji amarillo seasoning  , divided   see more recipe type: burgers tacos and sandwiches prep time: 15 total time: 30     snacks aji amarillo green curry cashews  the sweet heat and smoky, tropical profile of the mccormick® 2025 flavor of the year aji amarillo seasoning brings an irresistible twist to cashews when combined with a few simple ingredients and thai kitchen® green curry paste.  

this recipe features the mccormick 2025 flavor of the year: aji amarillo seasoning. view full recipe view all recipes ingredients  4  cups   unsalted cashews    3  tablespoons   olive oil    2  tablespoons    thai kitchen ® green curry paste   5  tablespoons    mccormick culinary ® aji amarillo seasoning   2  each   egg whites   recipe type: snacks     beverages charred pineapple daiquiri  in this exciting take on the pineapple daiquiri, a smoky charred pineapple simple syrup takes center stage, complemented by the tropical flavors and moderate heat of the mccormick® 2025 flavor of the year aji amarillo seasoning. fresh lime juice, rum, triple sec, and a gorgeous garnish of charred pineapple round it all out. 

this recipe features the mccormick 2025 flavor of the year: aji amarillo seasoning.view full recipe view all recipes ingredients  1/2    pineapple , pelled, cored and cut into rings    1 1/2  tablespoons    mccormick culinary ® aji amarillo seasoning   1 1/2  cups   demerara sugar    1/2  cup   water    1 1/2  ounces   charred pineapple syrup    1/2  ounce   pineapple juice    1  ounce   dark rum    1  ounce   gold rum   see more recipe type: beverages cuisine: north american prep time: 20     spice story old bay:did you know?    a chesapeaketradition  fun fact #1 our unique blend of 18 herbs and spices was born in the chesapeake bay area in 1939. it has been made the same way ever since.  fun fact #2 old bay's original name was "delicious brand shrimp and crab seasoning"   fun fact #3 the much better name, old bay, was inspired by the old bay line steamboats that traveled the chesapeake between maryland and virginia.  fun fact #4 the main flavor ingredients in old bay consist of celery salt, paprika, and mustard seed.  fun fact #5 old bay is experiencing the same menu growth as chipotle aioli, eggs over-easy, and fish sauce (datassential, menutrends, old bay, 2017)  fun fact #6 there are 2 things you need to know about old bay seasoning - 1. it's great on seafood and 2. it's great on everything else. the old bay flavor story old bay is great on seafood
old bay is great on everything else
key flavors in old bay include celery salt, paprika, and mustard seed
celery seed has a slightly bitter flavor, with earthy and grassy notes like the celery we eat
paprika has a mild, slightly sweet flavor and pleasant, fragrant aroma and is made from dried sweet red pepper
mustard seed delivers an initial floral sweetness with a pungent finishing bite old bay's iconic flavor is a secret blend of mccormick herbs & spicesread moresourcingold bay's iconic flavor is a secret blend of mccormick herbs & spices  #trendingburgers tacos and sandwiches old bay® oyster po' boy   the classic po' boy gets a chesapeake twist with tiger sauce and old bay® layered through every bite.ingredients  1/3  cup   sour cream    1/3  cup   mayonnaise    1/3  cup   horseradish , drained    2  teaspoons    old bay ® old bay® seasoning   1  cup    zatarains ® seasoned fish-fri   2  tablespoons    old bay ® old bay® seasoning   1  pound   oysters , cleaned    4  each   baguette , 6", split   see more recipe type: burgers tacos and sandwiches cuisine: american regional view full recipe ×   skip to main content   products hot new products cattlemen's frank's redhot french's grill mates lawry's  mccormick culinary mccormick old bay french's flavor ingredients flavor forecast 2025 category & culinary support book  our difference trending spice stories food safety & purity standards sustainability recipes convenience store solutions  rebates/offers   find a sales rep   contact   terms of use   privacy policy   cookie policy   allergen statement   your privacy choices    where to buy   newsletter   youtube     facebook instagram linkedin  copyright © 2025 mccormick & company, inc. all rights reserved. 
