






	home | ffl
























menu

homeleaguehow it worksboardpartnersfaqsarticles of incorp pdfregistrationresourcescalendarpolicy & proceduresarchivescoaches cornergames & results























search




























the frisco football league
let’s play some football! playing with the frisco football league isn't just about touchdowns and tackles; it's about creating unforgettable memories and fostering a love for the game that lasts a lifetime. here, all kids are welcomed with open arms, regardless of skill level or experience. whether you're a seasoned athlete or just starting out, there's a place for you in our football family. the emphasis is not only on winning games but also on fostering teamwork, sportsmanship, and personal growth.















 
youth first, sports second
the frisco football league is a competitive youth
recreational football and cheer league in frisco, texas.
 





 




fall 2025 registration will open in march!!
 












who we are
the frisco football league, also known as the ffl, has been serving the youth of frisco, texas since 1998. we are a non-profit organization bringing the athletes of frisco and the surrounding areas the opportunity to play recreational football and cheer. it’s no secret that we love a good game of football on a beautiful fall day, but what we really love is to watch that magical moment of when a player catches the ball and runs it into the endzone. or when a player who couldn’t block or tackle a week ago, get’s it’s footing right, holds his block, then comes off the field after the play knowing it was his successful block that took the team in for the touchdown. it’s hearing cheerleaders on the sideline, creating a game day experience that we dream about, we reminisce on as we grown older. this league was build for any child to have the fair and equal opportunity to play football. we ensure that coaches, and volunteers alike continue to put youth first, as we build the future athletes of frisco. 








 








how it works
we operate under an 8 week season + playoffs beginning in september each year.
registration for fall opens annually mid march after the fisd spring break. teams will be drafted in june on each year and coaches will begin team organized events and practices in august.




































































 
 












































































contact us
president@friscofootballleague.com
 p.o. box 5983
frisco, tx 75035become a team sponsor      































terms of useprivacy statementcopyright 2025 by frisco football league



back to top















