






 






classic, modern and contemporary italian furniture


































elegance project
collections

evolution
elly
ada
ellipse
butterfly


products

new furniture
dining chairs

chairs
dining armchairs


dining tables
cabinets and sideboards
bar stools
writing desk
swivel chairs
bookcases
armchairs
sofas

2 seater sofas
3 seater sofas
4 seater sofas
5 seater sofas
sofa beds
large sofas


coffee and side tables

coffee tables
side tables


consolle tables
bedroom furniture

all bedroom furniture
beds
chest of drawers and night stands
wardrobes


ottomans
upholstered benches
accessories

wall paneling
mirrors
lightings
loose cushions
hand made rugs


custom furniture


customization

polished and lacquer finishes
upholstery materials
trimmings
handles
metal
marble
ceramic
decoglass


ho.re.ca.
about us



catalogues
blog
news
newsletter
dealers
reserved area
faq
contacts














elegance project


read more









welcome to sevensedie

a world of italian classic, modern and contemporary furniture









                    with over 40 years of experience sevensedie is today one of the leading italian furniture manufactory, 
                    carrying in stock a wide and ever growing range of chairs, tables, sofas and cabinets all 100% made in italy.
                
                    sevensedie is the ideal partner for any of your projects in the ho.re.ca. and in the residential sector. 
                    in addition to meeting the highest quality standards, our hotel and restaurant furniture is highly customizable. 
                    we can even design and manufacture bespoke italian furniture from scratch for you.
                












italian furniture


                    we specialize in high quality italian furniture: chairs, armchairs, sofas, beds, tables, cabinets, bookcases in classic, 
                    modern and contemporary design. we also manufacture bespoke furniture to create exclusive interiors. 
                    the wide range of sevensedie products is 100% made in italy with a strong focus on long lasting quality.
view our unique italian furniture








01
02
03






















classic italian furniture
traditional italian furniture is synonymous with luxury classic style. for the room furniture of a classic home the most used material is certainly wood, which is still carved by hand. the colors of the upholstery, in leather or fabric, are warm and elegant, never garish. 
discover our classic furniture









modern italian furniture
the italian modern furniture style combines a set of rather "hybrid" characteristics, because it can include several styles. in any case, a modern style clearly differs from a classic or traditional style, but the differences with contemporary italian furniture are much less marked. 
 
for example, the dining tables of our ada and ellipse collections are quite similar in shape and colors. the former, however, have a more minimalist style, while the others denote a reference to the classic style. 
 

discover our modern furniture









contemporary italian furniture
the contemporary italian furnishing style is recognizable because it makes geometry its choice: clean lines, where decorations (such as inlays, high reliefs, bas-reliefs, typical of the classic style) are banished.  
 
the most used materials in our contemporary furniture collection are wood, marble and glass. the surfaces in the dining and living room can be glossy or matt.  
 
the contemporary interior design is simple, but visually impressive also thanks to the choice of colors and the contrast between black and white.
 

 
discover the ellipse collection










hotel & restaurant furniture


                    sevensedie furniture for restaurants and hotels is developed and created by top italian architects and designers specialized in the ho.re.ca. sector. 
                    our bespoke collections are highly appreciated for their remarkable personality, attention to detail and elegance of our interior design. 
                    for the above reasons, hotels, restaurants and business centres around the world have chosen sevensedie to give their guests a superlative comfort in an exclusive design environment.
take a look at our projects
















about us


                    we are an italian brand of manufacture with a tradition of over forty years, filled with passion and commitment.
                    our furniture production is the union of traditional craftsmanship and industrial innovation. this is why we are proud to represent all over the world the furniture made in italy.
about sevensedie








custom made & bespoke furniture


                    sevensedie offers you several possibilities to customize your furniture. 
                    all our products are highly customizable in a wide range of finishes. our soft furniture can be upholstered in real leather, fabric or vinyl. 
                    
                    upholstery can be customised with buttons and several different trimmings. marble tops are also customizable. 
                    but that’s not all. we can even design and manufacture bespoke furniture for you.
explore our bespoke furniture







7 good reasons to choose sevensedie












valuable materials combine with a refined and elegant design


                    our furniture designers select materials with great care. wood, marble, but also metals, crystal and italian leather. the materials of each piece of furniture are chosen to ensure durability, combining it with the unmistakable italian design. 
                







×












blog


                    discover the secrets of italian furniture, a synonym of design and elegance in the world.
                
read our blog







23 january 2025


custom furniture vs bespoke furniture: what’s the difference?

in interior design, the choice between custom and bespoke furniture...
read the article



17 september 2024


italian furniture: modern, contemporary or classic?

italian furniture has long been synonymous with elegance, craftsmanship, and...
read the article



26 august 2024


baroque furniture or baroque style furniture?

baroque furniture, often known for its opulence and grandeur, represents...
read the article









special offers


                    subscribe to our newsletter if you want to take advantage of our exclusive offers for the b2b sector, receive the catalog with new products or meet us at an international furniture fair.
                
sign up










 via ca' del lago, 1137053 cerea, verona, italy

	            	©2025 sevensedie s.r.l. all rights reserved. 
					vat number: 02204210237
					fully paid up share capital: € 100.000,00
					economic and administrative index no. 223607
privacy policy — cookie policy — terms and conditions 
					
					credits: 045web

versione italiana





























