




collegebound 529 plan for investors | invesco | invesco us


































skip to main content












    


   expand navigation close navigation 







  why cb529  


why cb529 






 

 why collegebound 529? 
 abcs of education 
 529 videos 
















 
  529 portfolio options  


529 portfolio options






 

 year of enrollment portfolios 
 target risk portfolios 
 individual portfolios 
 view all portfolio options 
 performance 
















 
  saving for college  


saving for college






new to 529s 

 what is a 529 plan? 
 529 videos 
 529 resources 
 college savings calculator 
 529 plan for grandchild 









already saving for tomorrow 

 529 forms 
 529 contribution 
 ugift/upromise 529  
 529 tax benefits by state 
 financial aid calculator  












 
  insights  
  access 529 account  


access 529 account






 

 access 529 account 
 open a 529 
















 





  


 contact us  










search

search






login





























select role



           select role
          
  financial professional i lead or support a firm that invests on behalf of clients  
  individual investor i am a current or prospective investor  



financial professional
financial professional
financial professionals include: financial advisors, retail wholesalers; financial planners; broker/dealer home office; wirehouses; registered financial advisors; and bank trusts.

visit site



individual investor
individual investor
individual investors include: current investors; prospective investors, and plan administrators.

visit site








































529 plans: saving for tomorrow starts today


discover how a collegebound 529 college savings plan can bring big dreams to life.
why collegebound 529































            save for tomorrow
        


                            ugift and upromise offer simple ways for family and friends to contribute to a collegebound 529 account.
















            state tax deductions
        


                            quickly determine which states offer 529 tax benefits.
















            plan for success with our college savings calculator
        


                            use our college savings calculator to see why it’s important to start saving today and discover the potential benefits of a collegebound 529 plan.
















plan today for a bright future




with a collegebound 529 plan, a successful educational future is within reach. start today and save for a better tomorrow.













plan for a successful future with automatic contributions to your collegebound 529 plan

learn more
















help your grandchild save for college with cb529
grandparents can easily open a 529 college savings account to help a grandchild with the ever-rising costs of higher education, and can build earnings free from federal taxes.

learn about grandparent 529 plans
















                    open a collegebound 529 plan
                

                    many families dream of giving their children a solid education. a sound investment plan can help that dream come true.
                



                        open a 529
                    

                    close
                

















expand
collapse


aem757














prospectus


program description


terms of use


privacy


cookie notice


legal


finra brokercheck


manage cookies







not a deposit  |  not fdic insured  |  not guaranteed by the bank  |  may lose value  |  not insured by any federal government agency
 
this information is intended for us residents.
 
invesco distributors, inc. is the us distributor for invesco's retail products, collective trust funds and collegebound 529.
 
institutional separate accounts and separately managed accounts are offered by affiliated investment advisers, which provide investment advisory services and do not sell securities. these firms, like invesco distributors, inc., are indirect, wholly owned subsidiaries of invesco ltd.
 
the information on this site does not constitute a recommendation of any investment strategy or product for a particular investor. investors should consult a financial advisor/financial consultant before making any investment decisions.
 
download the collegebound 529 privacy policy.
 
please note: before investing in any 529 plan, you should consider whether your or the beneficiary's home state offers a 529 plan that provides its taxpayers with favorable state tax and other state benefits such as financial aid, scholarship funds, and protection from creditors that are only available through investment in the home state's 529 plan. you also should consult your financial, tax, or other adviser to learn more about how state-based benefits (or any limitations) would apply to your specific circumstances. you also may wish to contact directly your home state's 529 plan(s), or any other 529 plan, to learn more about those plans' features, benefits and limitations. keep in mind that state-based benefits should be one of many appropriately weighted factors to be considered when making an investment decision.
 
for more information about collegebound 529, contact your financial advisor, call 877-615-4116, or download the program description, which includes investment objectives, risks, charges, expenses, and other important information; read and consider it carefully before investing. invesco distributors, inc. is the distributor of collegebound 529.
 
an investment in the portfolios is subject to risks including: investment risks of the portfolios which are described in the program description; the risk (a) of losing money over short or even long periods; (b) of changes to collegebound 529, including changes in fees; (c) of federal or state tax law changes; and (d) that contributions to collegebound 529 may adversely affect the eligibility of the beneficiary or the account owner for financial aid or other benefits. for a detailed description of the risks associated with collegebound 529, and the risks associated with the portfolios and the underlying funds, please refer to the program description.
 
collegebound 529 is administered by the rhode island office of the general treasurer and the rhode island state investment commission. ascensus college savings recordkeeping services, llc, the program manager, and its affiliates, have overall responsibility for the day-to-day operations of collegebound 529 including recordkeeping and administrative services. invesco advisors, inc. serves as the investment manager. invesco distributors, inc. markets and distributes collegebound 529.
 
collegebound 529 portfolios invest in: exchange-traded funds, mutual funds and separate accounts. units of the portfolios are municipal securities, and the value of the units will vary with market conditions. investments are not guaranteed or insured by the state of rhode island, the rhode island office of the general treasurer, the rhode island state investment commission.
 
upromise is an optional service offered by upromise, inc., is separate from the collegebound 529, and is not affiliated with ascensus college savings recordkeeping services, llc, invesco, or the state of rhode island. terms and conditions apply to the upromise service. participating companies, contribution levels, and terms and conditions are subject to change at any time without notice. transfers from upromise to a collegebound 529 account are subject to a $25 minimum. upromise and the upromise logo are registered service marks of upromise, inc.
 
ugift is a registered service mark of ascensus broker dealer services, inc.
 
©2024 invesco ltd. all rights reserved



stay connected 










































                leaving invesco.com
            

this link takes you to a site not affiliated with invesco. the site is for informational purposes only. invesco does not guarantee nor take any responsibility for any of the content.


                continue
            

















