




moravian music foundation
























































































 








 
 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footer  (336) 725-0651 
  (610) 866-3340 
  info@moravianmusic.org 
invest in the music
moravian music foundationpreserving, sharing, and celebrating moravian musical cultureinformation & resources

news & information

mmf e-news
mmf newsletters


music research

start a research project
search mmf holdings

about gemeinkat
peter memorial library


policies, services, fees
topics of interest


music & worship resources

moravian music sunday


moravian church resources


concerts & events

calendar of events
music on the mountain
bethlehem office / programs & events
concerts

moramus chorale
unitas chorale


festivals

moravian brass festival – germany
christmasfest
past festivals
unity brass festivals of the worldwide moravian church


all videos

youtube channel – mmf
2022 moravian music festival concerts
youtube channel – festival




education programs
shop music, cds, gifts

published music

moravian star anthems

about the moravian star anthem series
choral lending library
listen to anthems


band chorale books
chamber sheet music
organ/piano sheet music
26th nc regiment band


recordings
books and booklets

musicology
worship resources
books of music
moravian composers
collection catalogs


gifts
moravian advent stars
shipping
payments
cart



about

giving portal
about mmf

volunteering
careers


faq
awards presented
governance
board of trustees page


search this websiteguide to resources
researcher guide
moravian music foundation
providing opportunities and resources that inspire, engage, 
and educate all who are touched by the power of music.

comenius music academynew classes just posted! free classes for adults and youth, either online or in-person; easy sign-up.read more music on the mountain 2025music on the mountain a moravian music weekend february 21 – 23, 2025 higgins lodge, laurel ridge camp, conference & retreat center all the details an opportunity to make music together, to worship, to learn, and to enjoy fellowship in a casual mountain setting with cozy accommodations and delicious meals included. info@moravianmusic.orgread more 















singers wanted! the moramus chorale will partner with the great sabbath service of music in 2025. amanda schumpert and mary lou kapp peeples will lead both groups.singers wanted for unitas chorale, a performing ensemble of the moravian music foundation, specializing in music of moravian composers from the past and of the present day.open to usa brass players. information for june 6th to 10, 2025 in königsfeld in the black forest, germany.















discovery tools






































































upcoming events and concerts
flash news moravian music concerts 20252025 concert season the moravian music foundation (mmf) announces its 2025 concerts to engage, inspire, educate, and entertain all who are touched by the power of music. while the foundation holds a collection of priceless musical treasures, it is also charged with sharing these treasures with the world. mmf presents concerts of moravian music and […]read more unitas chorale 2025 concerta performing ensemble of the moravian music foundationread more serenade concert, may 2025in the beginning... concert, friday, may 16, 2025; 7:00pm.read more 1212
connect with us
facebookinstagramlinkedintwitteryoutube
footerwinston-salem office at the archie k. davis center
457 south church st.
winston-salem, nc 27101
phone: (336) 725-0651
email: info@moravianmusic.org


bethlehem office at the moravian church center
1021 center st
bethlehem, pa 18018
phone: (610) 866-3340


online catalog






search gemeinkat catalog:enter title, subject or author


gemeinkat on worldcat





search for:

search



sign up for our e~news
click here to also receive our paper mailings.

  



 copyright © 2025 the signal company. all rights reserved. return to top





who: the courses will be taught by christopher ogburn, phd, the director of the moravian music foundation (mmf) and our resident musicologist. prior to coming to the mmf, ogburn taught and lectured at manhattan college and laguardia community college, before joining the faculty of central piedmont community college, charlotte, nc as instructor of music. he has over a decade of experience teaching courses in both music history and theory. 

			close			





growing up in the moravian church, i learned the value of the church and the importance of its long and remarkable history, both locally, but also internationally. my own family lineage can be traced back to the bethabara settlement, so there is a strong personal connection that draws me to the work of the moravian music foundation and the preservation of its remarkable archival collection. while an undergraduate at the university of north carolina at chapel hill, i had the privilege of interning one summer at the foundation under nola reed knouse. this opportunity solidified my passion for musicology and is what ultimately inspired my pursuit of a doctorate in that area. in many ways, i owe my career to the foundation and consider this opportunity to be both a literal and spiritual homecoming. looking to the future, i am excited by all the possibilities, including expanding the lecture series, building a more robust online presence, providing live music performances, creating workshops for local students, and working to tell the global story of the moravian church more completely and accurately.my family has deep ties to the area that go back several generations. my wife, erin, and i are excited to be moving back to winston-salem and to raise our daughter, june, in this community that played such a vital role in shaping who i am today. we are looking forward to exploring all the new restaurants, hiking around pilot mountain, and enjoying the vibrant cultural community that has grown over the years. after having lived in new york city for the bulk of our adult lives, we are delighted to be back in the land of bbq, cheerwine, and the heels.  -chris ogburn 

			close			





items for salemoravian music foundation    christmas cds, both choral and instrumental, and featuring the moravian lower brass
moravian archives      books, resources, gifts and accessoriesartists and craftspersons (confirmed, so far)at archie k davis centerart c designs – moravian gift items by ladonna cristhandmade moravian stars by susan mooreat elberson fine arts centerartist, laura morales studios  karlee kreations – cocoa bombs calvary moravian – lovefeast in a boxartist, liz s – elizabeth stonicheast bend woodworks – tina johnstonemoravian mercantile – christmas gift items by lauren hatfield vida collective – angela huntunity women’s desk – worldwide craftshot sauce mall, drake laniervicki vassarlaurie russell potterycsv creations – carlie s vanall artists, vendors, exhibitors are subject to change. 

			close			





struggle bus       coffee truck  www.facebook.com/thestrugglebus21patriot pretzel co.   pretzels  www.facebook.com/patriotpretzelcompanyknock out bbq  https://www.facebook.com/knockoutbbqfoodtruck taco truck calentana https://www.facebook.com/people/taqueria-la-calentana/61558492804697/ hot dogs and cotton candy, too!



 

			close			





talk   what is moravian music? 12:00pm in the spaugh lecture hall, archie k. davis centerspeaker, christopher ogburn, ph.d., executive director of mmftalk   the peter oliver pavilion and gallery2:00pm in the spaugh lecture hall, archie k. davis centerspeakers, christie williams and sabrina garity, assistant archivisttours of the vault (including music treasureson the hour [ 10:00am, 11:00am, 1:00pm, 2:00pm, 3:00pm, 4:00pm45 minutes (max 10 people per hour)  

			close			





all music performers and schedules are subject to changes.  (as of 12/5/2024)music outdoors around the christmasfest campus10 – 10:20whitaker elementary school garden10:30 – 10:50west stokes hs chorus garden11:00 – 11:45trinity moravian chancel choircourtyard11:00 – 11:45adam and stephanie goodrich ak davis ctr12 – 12:50talk on “what is moravian music?” (indoors – spaugh recital hall) ak davis ctr1 – 1:45north davidson high school jv and varsity singerscourtyard2 – 2:45new philadelphia worship teamcourtyard3:30 – 3:50the moravian band (all players welcome! – green and blue books) courtyard4 – 4:45salem band tuba quartet courtyardmusic concerts at salem college, elberson fine arts ctr, in hanes auditorium10:30a – 12:30ptriad community band 1:00p – 2:30psalem community orchestra3:00p – 5:00pwinston-salem civic orchestra / winston-salem symphony youth philharmonic 

			close			





mmfs1301      glory to god in the highest   gregor, christian      luke 2:14         ssab    $1.75   christmasmmfs1908      glory to god in the highest   gregor, christian      luke 2:14         sab       $1.75   christmasmmfs1003      hail, infant newborn    michael, david moritz       christmas hymn, anon.          satb                $1.75   christmasmmfs1401      morning star in darkest night        hellström, georg friedrich von     johann scheffler (1624-1677)    satb    $1.75   christmasmmfs0802      night of holy, highest worth        brau, christian ludwig      christmas hymn, anon.                ssab    $1.75   christmasmmfs1806      o dearest jesus     hellström, georg friedrich von   s/satb               $1.75                 christmasmmfs2101      six carols       clemens, theodor liley   satb    $1.75   christmasmmfs1714      thou child divine      bates, james  text: anonymous       satb    $1.95   christmasmmfs1717      what good news the angels bring       hagen, francis florentine      william hammond (1718-83)         satb/satb      $1.95   christmasmmfs1001      sing, o ye heavens       peter, johann friedrich      christmas hymn, anon.                satb, s & t solos         $1.95   christmas, general 

			close			





mmfs0804      glory to him who is the resurrection latrobe, christian ignatius   text: john 11:25-26   ssab                $2.25mmfs1307      and yet believe  henkelmann, brian   text: john 29:29, adapted   sab   $1.75mmfs1103      glory to him  wolf, ernst wilhelm    satb    $1.95  mmfs1303      fling wide the portals   wolf, ernst wilhelm   text: j. g. von herder satb            $2.25mmfs1304      he who died, behold, now he is risen  wolf, ernst wilhelm   text: j. g. von herder    satb                $2.25mmfs1305      o death now is swallowed up in victory  wolf, ernst wilhelm   text: j. g. von herder satb/satb 

			close			





mmfs0907      lord christ jesus, our salvation       henkelmann, brian       text: verse 1, jan hus (circa 1410); verse 2, ernst christoph homburg (1659)2 part   $1.75   lent, communionmmfs0807      wounded lamb! by your self-offering          mozart, wolfgang amadeus   text: holy communion hymn, anon.   satb    $1.95   lent, communion, general usemmfs1905      kyrie           white, james c.           text: latin mass      satb    $2.25  lent, generalmmfs1703      lamb of god     erbe, e. i.          text: latin mass, based on john 1:29        satb    $1.95   lent, generalmmfs1705      those who sow with weeping  peter, johann friedrich     text: psalm 126:5-6              ssab                $1.75   lent, generalmmfs0801      christ by his one sacrifice   graun, karl heinrich     text: based on hebrews 10:14, and an 18th century hymn satb    $1.95   lent, generalmmfs1111      in truth, he bore our affliction  graun, karl heinrich          text: isaiah 53:4-6  satb    1.75     lent, generalmmfs0909      christ, and him crucified      knouse, nola reed     text: liturgy for lent (from the moravian book of worship)     satb    $1.75   lent, generalmmfs1302      lord of life (the)          wolf, ernst wilhelm      text: j. g. von herder            satb    $2.25   lent, generalmmfs1716      truly he has borne our frailty            herbst, johannes        text: isaiah 53:4-5  satb    $1.95   lent, generalmmfs0904      in stillness       gregor, christian         text: adapted from exodus 31:17, 16:23 ssab, flute, ‘cello                $1.75   lent, great sabbathmmfs1501      behold, o there’s a sight       peter, simon      text: christian gregor          satb    $1.75   lent, maundy thursday 

			close			





mmfs0803      throw wide the door   michael, david moritz georg weissel (1590-1635)             satb     $1.95   (for advent, christmas, palm sunday)mmfs1109      prepare your hearts      peter, johann friedrich (1746-1813)s/satb    $1.95   (for advent/christmas)mmfs1901      people, arise                 reissiger, karl gottlieb (1798-1859)      isaiah 60:1     satb    $1.75   (for advent/christmas/epiphany) 

			close			





the archival holdings of mmf are divided into collections. (some in bethlehem, some in winston-salem)the finding aid for each collection is a “30,000-foot view” of the collection in its context. each finding aid contains information about the size of the collection, how it was created, history of the community or key individuals involved in the collection, and a description of the contents.individual finding aids       linkguide: a searchable table of all collections          link 

			×			





				gemeinkat			

gemeinkat is the mmf digital catalog on worldcat.org    link

worldcat.org: to search the catalog, go to https://moravianmusic.on.worldcat.org/discovery. you can search by composer, title, collection, or any number of other keywords; just go try!
oclc (online computer library center): the collective of organization(s) that built the online database called worldcat. it is now owned by backstage library works.
“gemeinkat” is the name given to mmf’s project to upload new and enhanced digital records to the oclc and rism databases. we have used the name “gemeinkat” as our umbrella term for the entire project, involving backstage library works, oclc, worldcat, and rism and the work of cataloging; also, the creation of the digital records and the creation of finding aids.
gemeinkat is available to the public, on the internet, at moravianmusic.on.worldcat.org and is a worldcat discovery catalog, developed by oclc, a nonprofit organization that provides services to thousands of libraries worldwide. through worldcat, users have the potential to access more than 1.8 billion items in libraries around the world.
gemeinkat itself is: the bibliographic records for each manuscript, book, or printed music item found in mmf holdings.
these archival holdings are grouped by collections and physically reside in either the bethlehem or winston-salem archive (sometimes in both).
for a description, see the mmf website: https://moravianmusic.org/gemeinkat-catalog/.
 


			×			





				internships at mmf			

the moravian music foundation welcomes students for internships.
both college (or higher) and high school levels may be accommodated.
some projects require no musical experience; others require ability to read music and understand orchestral scores/parts.



			×			





				salem saturdays at christmas			

throughout the holidays and during christmasfest, old salem will welcome visitors to enjoy the shops and displays around salem. make it even more special by touring the historic buildings, homes and shops. tickets at the visitor center: holiday all-in-one ticket
old salem inc. museum, shops and historic buildings will be open 10:00a to 4:00p on the saturday of christmasfest. (admission fee)
more about events >>
https://www.oldsalem.org/events/event/salem-saturdays-at-christmas-6/



			close			





				candle tea of home moravian church			

in the two weekend prior to christmasfest: dec. 1 – 3 and dec. 8 – 10, 2022
as a moravian brass band plays nearby, costumed volunteers welcome guests with an introduction to the history of the moravians in salem, followed by carols in the saal accompanied by an 18th century tannenburg organ, the sweet aroma of a beeswax candle-making demonstration, a visit to the original kitchen to enjoy coffee and sugar cake, and finally a viewing of the amazing salem putz and the nativity scene.
the sights, sounds, smells, tastes and interesting narrative of candle tea provide a warm experience of moravian advent and christmas traditions from early salem to the present day. the regular candle tea tour lasts about an hour.
more details and to make a reservation >>
       
 


			close			





				rism			

rism: répertoire international des sources musicales

rism, or international inventory of musical sources, is an international, non-profit organization that aims to comprehensively document extant musical sources worldwide: manuscripts, printed music editions, writings on music theory, and libretti that are found in libraries, archives, churches, schools, and private collections.
search rism online (more searching options and granularity for scholars)    or   search rism catalog (more general searching)
the rism catalog of musical sources contains over 1.2 million records and can be searched at no cost. early western music from 1600 through to the early 19th century is included.
rism was founded in paris in 1952 and is the largest and only global organization that documents written musical sources. rism records what exists and where it can be found. rism is where scholars go when they are looking for music manuscripts or early prints around the world. rism entries include the musical incipits – the first phrase or so of music – to enable identification of a specific piece of music (which setting of “sing to the lord a new song” is this?).


			×			





other resources at mmf:
reference library: the peter memorial library in winston-salem
irving lowens collection of early american tunebooks and songbooks, in winston-salem
an extensive international collection of hymnals (mostly moravian) in many languages, dating to the 16th century, in winston-salem



video about moravian music research
 
books about moravian music
 
blog posts about moravian music


books for sale: musicology




video about moravian music research


 
books about moravian music
 


blog posts about moravian music


books for sale: musicology

 

			×			





we welcome your prayers, support, and your investment in the music.



			×			





				archivgrid			

archivegrid                         link 
this is a collection of over 7,000,000 archival descriptions, including documents, personal papers, family histories, and other archival materials held in about 1,500 archival institutions. archivegrid helps researchers looking for primary source materials, but who may not know exactly where to go to find them. mmf’s finding aids can be discovered through archivegrid. for an example, go to https://researchworks.oclc.org/archivegrid/help/; type in the search box (upper right) “bethlehem congregation” and the first thing you will find is mmf’s finding aid for the bethlehem congregation collection, and also related collections and suggested search terms (lancaster, dover, lititz, etc.), linked to those finding aids on the mmf website.


			×			





				a recent inquiry to mmf - subject: copyright/streaming			

 
dear mmf,
i have a question about copyright and streaming. we have ccli license and streaming license at my church, but it does not cover many pieces for organ. would the ascap license provide that protection for us to stream and include copyrighted organ music? i’ve read their website, and it seems like it would.  https://www.ascap.com/music-users/types/church-or-ministry
thanks!
____________________________________________________
dear worship leader,
we have been instructing folks to follow ccli and onelicense guidelines, which, as you discovered, unfortunately, rarely cover instrumental/keyboard music.
yes, it appears as though ascap offers a “worshipcast” streaming license, which is set up in much the same manner as ccli and onelicense licenses – i.e., the fee structure is based on worship attendance:
https://apps.christiancopyrightsolutions.com/purchase-license.aspx?svc=wc
a quick click brought up this fee structure:
1 – 199 (in attendance): $284.00
200 – 499 (in attendance): $424.00 (obviously it goes up from here)
some further good news – the worshipcast license offered above is controlled by christian copyright solutions (a division of ccli, and it appears as though purchase of this license would allow you to broadcast both ascap and bmi titles, opening up even more possibilities.
i don’t think, however, that this license includes sesac titles; thus, if you wished to perform anything under the sesac umbrella (dan gawthrop, for instance), you would need to approach that entity directly for a license:
https://www.sesac.com/#!/
thank you for bringing this to our attention.
blessings to you in your music ministry!
gwyneth michel, assistant director, moravian music foundation      – – (with edits by erik s.)


			×			





				youtube moravian music lectures			

mmf lecture videos



			×			





				youtube moravian music concerts			

mmf concert & recital videos



			×			





				youtube moravian music videos			

music videos



			×			





				youtube moravian music video by others			

videos by others



			×			





				youtube moravian music education & instruction			

educational videos



			×			





				archie k davis center			

construction began on the building in the fall of 1999, and the facility was completed and occupied in july 2001. in september 2001, the building was dedicated as the archie k. davis center. more about the man, the building, and a quick, visual tour of our beautiful home.
the archie k. davis center



			close			


 




































