
glass bead game--cosmic play in a symbolic universe










the 
      glass 
      bead game
      neural network of the cosmic mind...











 what 
        is the glass bead game?
herman hesse's nobel prize winning novel, 
        the glass bead game 
        lays the foundations for an artistic/conceptual game, which integrates 
        all fields of human and cosmic knowledge through forms of organic universal 
        symbolism, expressed by its players with the dynamic fluidity of music. 
        the glass bead game is, in reality, an age old metaphor for what has been 
        called, the "divine lila" (play or game of life). this metaphor 
        has been expressed by every great wisdom tradition known to man, and its 
        players, the magister ludi (masters of the game), use as their instruments 
        ancient and modern modes of symbolic wisdom traditionally presented through 
        sacred art, philosophy, magick and cosmology. for a more detailed elaboration 
        of our vision of the gbg, see:

the glass bead game 





 magister 
        ludi eberhard wortmann
        the first horoscope, 1956 












 to 
    contact us or receive updates on the glass bead game click here
glass 
    bead game
    contact & mailing list  










sacred 
        science institute
the glass bead game project is sponsored by the sacred science institute, 
        a research institute dedicated to the preservation and application of 
        sacred knowledge, metaphysics, and mysticomagical cosmology in the modern 
        world. the ssi has collected a library of over 10,000 volumes of the greatest 
        literature from the wisdom traditions of the past and makes research reprints 
        of the most unobtainable material available to scientists, philosophers 
        and scholars. our institute and archive were created to provide the background 
        for a glass bead game as envisioned by hermann hesse, whose ideas and 
        principles were directly taken from these ancient wisdom traditions.

        our examination of the various current attempts to create glass bead games 
        on the internet has revealed that the general gbg community (several well 
        informed scholars excluded) is relatively unaware of the essential connections 
        between the gbg and the esoteric tradition. hesse himself gives many of 
        these references in his masterpiece, but they have been surprisingly undeveloped, 
        much of which is due to the obscurity of the individuals and schools to 
        which he refers. we have collected all of the works referred to by hesse, 
        and everything of related content, and, in time, intend to release these 
        through our archive. many of these works are in german, latin and other 
        languages further limiting their accessibility to the general reader, 
        so we have developed several translation projects to made these fundamental 
        materials accessible to a larger public. we feel that without a solid 
        grounding in these fundamentals, any attempt at a gbg will be trivial 
        and superfluous, negating the intent of hesse's universal vision. see 
        below for details on these programs.
the following 
        links lead to various departments of the sacred science institute 
        pertaining to the glass bead game. we have included several of quotations 
        from the gbg illustrating the purpose of these fields of learning for 
        aspiring bead game players. 









 pre-aryan 
        jainism
        form 
        & dimensions of cosmic primal man. 
        gujarat, india, 1700s 








seeker's 
          sanctum
this is the core database of research materials and source texts 
          on the foundations of the gbg, ranging from ancient civilizations to 
          modern science and covering all of the scientific, metaphysical, symbolic 
          and practical applications which will ever be needed for development 
          of true glass bead game, as well as writings and systems from the gbg 
          traditions of the past. the most essential keys, codes, symbols, theories, 
          formulae, axioms, diagrams, and reference materials from the esoteric 
          & scientific traditions of the world may be found here. in time, 
          we will transfer the most essential and desired materials to electronic 
          medium for posting on this website, however, until then we are forced 
          to share the incurred expenses of collecting and reproducing these materials 
          with the few individuals who value them.

          "thus one of the principles of the creed, a passage from the bible, 
          a phrase from one of the church fathers, or from the latin text of the 
          mass could be expressed and taken into the game just as easily and aptly 
          as an axiom of geometry or a melody of mozart. we would scarcely be 
          exaggerating if we ventured to say that for the small circle of genuine 
          glass bead game players the game was virtually equivalent to worship..." 
          hermann hesse, the glass bead game 

expedient 
          learning portal
it is evident that anyone aspiring to the status of magister ludi, 
          or even desiring to participate in the glass bead game must possess 
          and extensive amount of knowledge in a vast number of fields. members 
          of hesse's castalian society underwent a lifetime of education and training 
          before even attempting to understand let alone to contribute to a gbg. 
          as difficult as it may seem to ever absorb the reams of information 
          necessary to participate in this endeavor, there are techniques used 
          in the past which make this process considerably easier. ancient and 
          renaissance gbg masters used various devices such as mnemonic (memory) 
          systems, rapid mathematical calculation systems, rapid language and 
          art learning systems, speed reading techniques, and powerful transformational 
          devices to attain these ends. we have collected many such systems for 
          the edification and application of those interested in the gbg.
"...he 
          spent year after year sitting in lecture halls and libraries, studying 
          froberger and alessandro scarlatti, fugues and sonata form, reviewing 
          mathematics, learning chinese, working through a system of tonal figuration 
          and feustelian theory of the correspondence between the scale of colors 
          and the musical keys."  hesse,the glass bead game
sanctum 
          sanctorum 
hesse makes clear time and again that there is much more to the 
          gbg than a mere intellectual manipulation of concepts, rather, that 
          the essence of the game is a transcendent universal process leading 
          to an experience in consciousness of the unity of the cosmos. forms 
          of meditation and mysticism were essential to the experience of the 
          great magister ludi, and provided the inner essence of any profound 
          game. we have begun collecting and elaborating some of the most powerful 
          systems of meditation, magick and mysticism for the application of those 
          who aspire to more than intellectual manipulations of concepts. these 
          systems lead to an experience of the transcendent

adualisic 
          mysticism/the instant zen school
"i 
          suddenly realized that in the language, or at any rate in the spirit 
          of the glass bead game, everything actually was all-meaningful, that 
          every symbol and combination of symbols led not hither and yon, not 
          to single examples, experiments, and proofs, but into the center, the 
          mystery and innermost heart of the world, into primal knowledge. every 
          transition from major to minor in a sonata, every transformation of 
          a myth or a religious cult, every classical or artistic formulation 
          was, i realized in that flashing moment, if seen with truly a meditative 
          mind, nothing but a direct route into the interior of the cosmic mystery, 
          where in the alternation between inhaling and exhaling, between heaven 
          and earth, between yin and yang, holiness is forever being created." 
          hermann hesse, the glass bead game
cyber-mystery 
          school/hermetic 
          magick
          "after each symbol conjured up by the director of a game, each 
          player was required to perform silent, formal meditation on the content, 
          origin, and meaning of this symbol, to call to mind intensively and 
          organically its full purport. the members of the order and of the game 
          associations brought the technique and practice of contemplation with 
          them from their elite schools, where the art of contemplation and meditation 
          was nurtured with the greatest care." hermann hesse, 
          the glass bead game 
living 
      library research 
      archive & discussion forum
we will soon complete 
          our interactive forum which will be used both as a research medium and 
          archive for the development of a glass bead game. this forum will include 
          the following elements:
glass 
          bead game diagram library containing samples of glass beads from numerous 
          traditions. 
glass bead game & cosmological hyperlinks for exploration 
          of the game and cosmological research.
extensive archives with translations 
          of bead game source texts referred to by 
          hesse in the gbg.
          discussion forums where people may interactively discuss ideas and post 
          their research and insights.. 
 searchable 
          research database & archive:
the entire living library discussion forum will be searchable by 
          topic for references to gbg and related materials. currently our living 
          library search engine will search the contents of over 250 key texts 
          in every gbg related field by concept, idea, author, and title helping 
          researchers to locate and identify necessary source materials.
 









"the game as i conceive it," knecht once wrote, "leaves (the player) 
      with the feeling that he has extracted from the universe of accident and 
      confusion a totally symmetrical and harmonious cosmos, and absorbed it into 
      himself." hermann hesse, the glass bead game 



the 
          glass bead game manuscripts of 
          magister ludi john richter 
to 
          whom this website is gratefully dedicated
 this 
          glass bead game website was inspired by the vision and insight of dr. 
          john richter, philosopher, astronomer, mathematician, occultist and 
          metaphysician, whose 35 years of research into every field of knowledge 
          were ideally integrated by the conceptual framework presented by hesse's 
          glass bead game. upon his discovery of the gbg, richter began a 15 year 
          exploration of the symbolic language and conceptual framework upon which 
          a gbg could actually be created. 

          upon his death in 1998, richter's vast library and personal manuscripts 
          were deposited in the care of the sacred science institute. we possess 
          over 20,000 pages of richter's hand written manuscripts analyzing, dissecting, 
          and distilling every branch of science, philosophy and metaphysics into 
          their fundamental elements to be represented by means of an organic 
          universal symbolism ideally suited for the gbg.

          we intend to transcribe and post these manuscripts on this website to 
          aid in the development of a gbg. we are willing to provide copies of 
          sections of these writings to individuals who are interested in the 
          development of the game in exchange for their help in either transcribing 
          or scanning this material into a format which may easily be posted on 
          this website. interested parties please contact us for further details.









magister ludi eberhard 
        wortmann
        the birth of the soul, 1956 








the 
        law of the cosmos
the divine harmony according to plato's republic - timeaus
        the platonic riddle of numbers solved again and described 
        by magister ludi eberhard wortmann 

click 
        here for the wortmann glass bead diagram gallery
eberhard 
        wortmann is the only know modern magister ludi to have corresponded with 
        hermann hesse, who in appreciation of his brilliant work called him a 
        "glass bead game player:" 
"here 
        it should be mentioned that the platonic riddle of numbers are actually 
        a question of logical games of thought, "glass bead games", as hermann 
        hesse, the great writer and man, had named this kind of mental business." 
        (eberhard wortmann, the law of the kosmos, p.4)
"the 
        platonic riddle of numbers are glass bead games. 'in the end it depends 
        on the choice of the historian how far back he wants to put the beginning 
        and prehistory of the glass bead game. as an idea we find it already performed 
        in earlier ages, e.g. at pythagoras. the same eternal idea was the basis 
        of every movement of the mind towards the ideal goal of a universitas 
        litterarum, of every platonic academy, of any congregation of a spiritual 
        elite, every attempt to approximate the exact and the free sciences, every 
        attempt to reconcile science and art and the art of science and religion.'" 
        (hermann hesse, the glass bead game, quoted in the law of the kosmos, 
        p.4) 
eberhard 
        wortmann was born in westfalen, germany, in 1891. his activities as a 
        merchant led him to visit many different countries, to learn their languages, 
        and to devote himself to an investigation of their mysticism and historical 
        mysteries.  after 
        the loss of his sons and property in world war ii, wortmann became more 
        and more absorbed in the mystical world of numbers and geometrical diagrams. 
        two passions accompanied him the rest of his life, his love for pictorial 
        art - he produced innumerable water colour paintings - and mathematical 
        games with magic numbers. 
wortmann 
        combined both magnificently in his works on the platonic number puzzles. 
        in 1955 and 1956 he published "platons göttliche harrmonie" and "ariston 
        oder die platonishen zahlenrätsel". in 1965 the otto reichl publishing 
        house in remagen published " das gesetz des kosmos - die platonischen 
        zahlenrätsel erneut gelöst und dargestellt". he held lectures and conferences 
        in different cities in germany, leading in 1960, 
        to a correspondence with hermann hesse who called wortmann "a glass bead 
        game player". wortmann died in bad godesberg in 1970. his work: "der heilige 
        krug - roman eines antiken mysteriums" has remained unpublished. 
 wortmann's 
        works were published in very limited editions in germany, and have remained 
        to this day almost unknown, though they represent some of the most profound 
        and advanced works on esoteric cosmology ever conceived. the color diagram 
        above, and on the top of this page are samples of the innumerable diagrams 
        and paintings he produced, deciphering, for the first time, the mathematical 
        and geometrical codes hidden within plato's republic & timeaus and 
        unveiling the ancient cosmological secrets of the law of the kosmos. we 
        include them, and very soon will be posting dozens of others as superlative 
        examples of the glass beads envisioned by hermann hesse.
the sacred 
        science institute is working in conjunction with wortmann's family to 
        produce english translations of these masterpieces, segments of which 
        will be posted upon this website as they progress. wortmann's works contain 
        hundreds of the most sophisticated diagrams on sacred geometry, pythagorean 
        and platonic number theory, harmonics and astronomy ever seen, as well 
        as one of the most intricate elaborating of universal order and kosmic 
        law known to man. the vast and synthetic thinking process presented in 
        these works inspired a correspondence discussing the gbg between hesse 
        and wortmann, which we are attempting to obtain from the original (now 
        defunct) publisher of hesse's letters (where they were sent for intended 
        but unfulfilled publication), so that they may be translated and posted 
        on this website. any help in contacting this publisher or hesse estate 
        would be appreciated.
the intricacies 
        of translating such advanced material are quite complex, and we would 
        welcome assistance by knowledgeable translators of technical german, for 
        both this and a number of further translation projects. we have also considered 
        releasing reprints of the original german editions if there is sufficient 
        interest, as the diagrams , even without the ability to read german, are 
        of great value and interest to anyone concerned with these issues. we 
        wish to express our thanks to rosmarie and veronica mueller-wortmann, 
        daughter & granddaughter of the author, for access to these books 
        & diagrams, and for their dedication to seeing that wortmann's important 
        work is not lost to the world.








hesse quotes on the origins of the glass bead game
"although 
        we recognize the idea of the game as eternally present, and therefore 
        existent in vague stirrings long before it became a reality, its realization 
        in the form we know it nevertheless has its specific history."
  

"how 
        far back the historian wishes to place the origins and antecedents of 
        the glass bead game is, ultimately, a matter of his personal choice. for 
        like every great idea it has no real beginning; rather, it has always 
        been, at least the idea of it. we find it foreshadowed, as a dim anticipation 
        and hope, in a good many earlier ages. there are hints of it in pythagoras, 
        for example, and then among hellenistic gnostic circles in the late period 
        of classical civilization. we find it equally among the ancient chinese, 
        then again at the several pinnacles of arabic-moorish culture; and the 
        path of its prehistory leads on through scholasticism and humanism to 
        the academies of mathematicians of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries 
        and on to the romantic philosophies and the runes of novalis' hallucinatory 
        visions." 

"this same eternal idea, which for us has been 
        embodied in the glass bead game, has underlain every movement of mind 
        toward the ideal goal of a universitatis litterarum, every platonic academy, 
        every league of an intellectual elite, every rapprochement between the 
        exact and the more liberal disciplines, every effort toward reconciliation 
        between science and art or science  
        and religion."  








sources 
          and foundations 
          of the glass bead game 

many people, 
            when approaching the gbg, have no idea where to begin to understand 
            its essential principles, so we have listed a number of famous gbg 
            schools from the past, and a number of the greatest historical gbg 
            thinkers, some of whom were known and drawn from by hesse for his 
            work. the diagram to the right, for instance, is a cosmological diagram 
            by nicholas of cusa, referred to by hesse in the gbg, and is an excellent 
            example of what he meant by a glass bead. all of those individuals 
            and schools below produced similar or related diagrammatic & symbolic 
            representations of universals knowledge in their systems, and interrelationships 
            may be found between every one of them, since all are based on the 
            same cosmic ordering principles.
information on 
          the magister ludi and gbg schools listed below may be found by by searching 
          new & used bookstores and the internet, however much of this work 
          is long out of print or has never been available to the general public. 
          we have made many of these resources available through our reprint archive, 
          which may be accessed using the search engine to the right or through 
          the sacred science institute. 
          we have provided some links to our listings of these resources, and 
          will, in time expand these links to sources throughout the internet. 
          we will also be elaborating on the short histories and biographies presented 
          below as part of the living library archive and discussion forum.













 search 
            the living library
 



            by subject, author
or title
if you experience any difficulties, try searching from the 
            sacred science institute website.
if you 
          fail to locate references to subjects, thinkers or schools listed below, 
          feel free to contact 
          us and we will check our archives. 







historical 
        magister ludi
leonardo 
        da vinci
leonardo was a magus and grand master of a secret 
        esoteric society, and his art is filled with codes and allusions to the 
        sacred sciences, if you know how to look.
raymond 
        lully
this 13th century philosopher & mystic 
        developed a cosmological art using geometric logical calculators to symbolically 
        represent all universal knowledge. 
giordano 
        bruno
this famous 17th century mystical cosmologist 
        & hermeticist developed a systematic philosophy of nature represented 
        in geometric images, signs & symbols.

robert 
        fludd
fludd was an exponent of renaissance neoplatonism, 
        and produced a cosmology using musical harmonics as a model of universal 
        order.
athanasius 
        kircher 
a true renaissance man with one of the most 
        all-encompassing minds ever known, producing scientific & encyclopedic 
        works and diagrams in every known field.
dr. 
        john dee
renowned magus, & court astrologer to 
        queen elizabeth, dee discovered the monus hieroglyphica, a symbolic hieroglyph 
        expressing the unity underlying the cosmos. 

joseph-marie 
        hoene wronski
teacher of balzac & eliphas levi, wronksi 
        perceived a universal vision integrating all science & philosophy 
        into a unified system. he produced famous mathematical theorems, & 
        the nazis stole his work during ww2 hoping to produce advanced weapons 
        from his illumined insight.  
r.a. 
        schwaller de lubicz
master alchemist, egyptologist, pythagorean, 
        & one of the greatest thinkers of the 20th century, schwaller completely 
        deciphered and unveiled the scientific symbolique and cosmology of ancient 
        egyptian.
w. 
        d. gann
qabbalist, astrologer, natural cosmologist, 
        hermeticist, gann integrated the esoteric & scientific systems & 
        found an unusual application in financial markets forecasting using sacred 
        geometric & numerical calculators. 

 glass 
        bead game schools
rishis 
      of the rg ved
the seers of ancient india concealed in their sacred 
      vedic scriptures numerical, geometric & astronomical codes revealing 
      the natural order of the universe.

the avatamsaka school of buddhism
chinese hua-yen buddhism is considered to represent 
      the pinacle of buddist thought and inspierd the zen school. they see the 
      cosmos as an interdependant and interpenetraging web of consciousness, the 
      jeweled net.
ancient 
      egyptian priesthood
the most scientifically & technologically 
      advanced civilization on earth, the ancient egyptians possessed an unfathomable 
      insight into universal cosmology coded in advanced hieroglyphic & architectural 
      symbolique.
pythagorean brotherhood
an egyptian temple initiate, pythagoras presented 
      the first western system of cosmology, the quadrivium: arithmetic, music, 
      geometry, & astronomy, which has provided the primary inspiration for 
      all western scientific & esoteric traditions since his time.
platonic 
      & neoplatonic academies
the works of plato are written in a geometric 
      cosmological code based upon egyptian & pythagorean cosmologies, known 
      only by the most advanced esoteric schools, & provide a wealth of universal 
      insight if one has their keys.
jewish 
      qabbalists 
the oldest biblical writings possess astrological 
      codes interpreted through arithmetical & geometric keys passed down 
      through the mystical tradition of qabbalah
freemasons 
      & cathedral builders
the great gothic cathedrals are cosmologies 
      in stone, designed according to harmonic proportions symbolizing the ordering 
      system of the cosmos, & built by a secret order of freemasons tracing 
      their origin back to king solomon.
medieval 
      alchemists & hermeticists
the symbolic systems of mysticism and cosmology 
      encoded by these secret orders into organic and pictorial forms of symbolism 
      represent the most advanced science of spiritual & material transmutation 
      known to the world.









 email:magisterludi@glassbeadgame.com





 all 
        original contents 
        ó1999
sacred 
        science 
        institute 
         

















