















































home - partners in health















      skip to main content
    






















injustice has a curedonate








subscribedonate now


stay connected.
we'll keep you up to date on partners in health's work bringing hope and health care to some of the world's poorest, hardest-to-reach communities.

 
×














our work


our impact


our focus


our sites


our research


our covid response




our approach


partnerships


systems building


training




get involved


organize


advocate


donate




about us


mission


founders


leadership


annual report & financials


contact us




news


watch the documentary






search

































                act now: u.s. aidcuts threaten lives








the u.s. government's recent aid freezes are putting lives at risk. your emergency donation will help fill the funding gaps and ensure life-saving health care continues.






                      donate now
                    














we demand justice in health care


everyone should have access to quality health care. but for millions around the world, that’s not the reality.





 stat access to healthcare 0



































50% of people across the globe lack access to essential health care.






 stat maternal deaths 0


















































































































94% of maternal deaths occur in low and lower middle-income countries.






 stat child mortality 0

























each day, 15,000 children die before reaching their fifth birthday.









following paul’s vision


dr. paul farmer (1959-2022) co-founded partners in health based on the belief that everyone deserves quality health care. paul cared for the sick, trained generations of clinicians, and transformed health care policies–saving millions of lives and inspiring a movement toward global health equity. we carry forward his legacy and vision. learn more






what drives us


we are a global health and social justice organization that responds to the moral imperative to provide high-quality health care globally to those who need it most.we strive to ease suffering by placing patients at the center of all care, meeting not only their physical, but also their mental, emotional, and daily needs so that they can recover from illness and maintain good health.we bring the benefits of modern medicine to those who have suffered from the overt and subtle injustices of the world, in the past and in the present.we refuse to accept that any life is worth less than another. 






your impact on global health inequality


with your support, partners in health delivered health care to the world's most impoverished places, partnering with local governments to bring about global change. last year, we provided:









over 2.1 million home visits by community health workers.











821,000 covid-19 screenings from borders to clinics to homes.











2.1 million women’s health checkups around the world.











2.8 million outpatient visits in supported clinics.










join the movement


make health care accessible for everyone. take the first step today.














spread the word on facebook, twitter, and instagram.



                        share
                    































your gift has the powerto save lives.

donate
















receive the latest updatesin your inbox.

sign up



























pih®connect with us
stay informed about partners in health's work to provide high quality health care to those who need it most.

sign up for updates





join the movement to make health care accessible for everyone


                donate now
            






news and media


news


press releases


media coverage

  
get in touch


contact us


pih canada


join the team


ethics reporting


information for suppliers

  
about pih®


faqs


terms of use


state disclosures

  
privacy


donor privacy policy


privacy policy


cookie policy




                                                cookie settings
                                            


  



partners in health (pih) is a 501(c)(3)nonprofit corporation, ein 04-3567502



partners in health, suite 300,800 boylston street, boston, ma. 021991-857-880-5100 • info@pih.org



pih® is a registered trademark of partners in health.© 2009-2024 partners in health.all rights reserved.






×











please send donations to: partners in health, po box 996, frederick, md 21705-0996






































