 



boy scout troop 849 - home page


 






 troop 849
manhattan beach, ca
boy scouts of america







home
new members
calendar
scout pages
advancement
special awards

summer camp

backpacking
 weekend
 advanced
 longterm

hikemaster
 weekend
 longterm

ceremonies


last updated:
 
december 30, 2024


search
site map
navigation

about us
contact us







welcome |
mailing list |
facilities |
history |
troop committee |
forms |
cool sites 






what we do












view the troop calendar

download the latest newsletter


stay informed - join our mailing list



welcome to our troop's website, a place to learn about our troop and keep up with all the latest information about activities and upcoming events. drop by one of our regular tuesday meetings at the manhattan beach scout house next to the joslyn center. meetings start at 7:00 p.m. we'd love to talk with you and answer any questions that you may have.




join troop 849
boy scouting is for boys ages 11-17. boys may also become boy scouts if they have earned the arrow of light award or completed the fifth grade and are at least 10 years old.




adventure
scouts crave adventure and troop 849 delivers. we schedule a year-round calendar of outdoor activities, including:

hiking
camping
rock climbing
kayaking
fishing

the troop's week-long visit to a summer camp and the week-long trek into the sierras are annual highlights.
safety is always our first concern. scouts learn to experience the outdoors with skill and confidence.
while learning about self-reliance, scouts also learn the value of teamwork, camaraderie, and experiencing the world around them.


achievement
troop 849 has a long history of helping scouts climb the ladder of achievement.
we are proud of our ever-growing eagle scout honor roll, which recognizes over 160 scouts who have obtained scouting's highest and most coveted rank.
but achievement is emphasized for all scouts in the troop, not just those aiming for eagle.
our weekly troop meetings include sessions aimed at helping scouts attain any of the many merit badges that scouting offers.
our patrol structure is designed to encourage scouts to take on more leadership and responsibility as their skills grow.
we encourage public service through a variety of service projects that enhance our community.


fun
scouting wouldn't be scouting without a healthy dose of fun.
our troop members love the experience of camping and hiking, and the sense of exploration that goes along with it.
our weekly troop meetings regularly feature activities whose main purpose is enjoyment.
it's all about balance - and the combination of adventure, achievement and fun that you'll find in scouting is unbeatable.









news flash!
the original manhattan beach scout house was built by volunteers in 1952. it has been an integral part of troop 849's program for decades, providing a fine meeting place. it is on its last legs so plans are afoot to replace it. learn more about the effort at www.thescouthouse.org.



current scout house



top of page



contents of this page provided by tom thorpe.

©2025 boy scout troop 849, manhattan beach, ca. http://troop849.org/






