





























 













 the montanan's chronicles
 


shiloh sharps rifle mfg
c.sharps arms co.
lone star rifle
cherry's pedersoli models













black powder and bpcr chronicles 





features



the quigley matches 1999 - 2000 - 2001 - 2002 - 2003
introduction to black powder cartridge loading
welcome to long range bpcr
basic instructions for mva sharps pattern vernier sights
static electricity and black powder
reloading cartridges for the 45-70
making, loading and shooting paper patched bullets.
rce co "technical talk: paper patched bullets"
sharps, just how far will it shoot?
down range accuracy
designing your own bullet molds.
ballistol lube & sportsman's oil
spg
bpcr lube, thoughts and findings
links for bison hunts




featured links:



matthew quigley buffalo rifle match this is a long range rifle competition using original or replica period firearms from the glory days of buffalo hide trade. period attire is encouraged but not required. largest shoot of its type in the nation. the longest target is a steel buffalo at 800 yards. the firing line extends over 500 yards.

the quigley match 1999 see pictures of the quigley and why so many bpcr shooters enjoy this match

more quigley match 2002 web shots you can see pics of all the differant years matches.. who knows you just may find a picture of yourself.

introduction to black powder cartridge loading chuck raithel gives a step by step guide into loading the black powder cartridge now in microsoft word format.

welcome to long range bpcr we want this web site to serve as a resource for both the new and experienced shooter who is interested in competing in long range bpcr events (800, 900, and 1,000 yards).

making, loading and shooting paper patched bullets brent danielson is the best source of information, find out how and why.

corbins bullet swaging systems both casting and swaging are simple processes. swaging is the most precise method of making a bullet. it is extremely fast, easy to learn, and has many additional advantages over casting.

on target swaging on target swaging swaging is a manufacturer of custom match grade swaged bullets manufactured using modern statistical process control techniques to minimize variation bullet to bullet, box to box. on target swaging manufactures lubed and paper patch bullets in several calipers. bullets can be made using lead or 30:1 tin lead alloy (bhn » 8). several noses and base styles are available.

rce co. technical talk: paper patched bullets for the target shooter the paper patched bullet gave fine results and still can. this bullet is at home on a 100 range or a 1,000-yard range. choose the cartridge to suit the competition and remember that the paper patched bullet isn't limited to cartridges such as the .50-110-450. a paper patched thirty caliber will give surprisingly good results.

the quigley match this match is held every fathers day week-end, check it out and join the fun

buffalo cartridges of the american frontier see what cartridges were used, the loads and why they worked so well in the hands of bison hunters such as frank mayer.

basic instructions for mva sharps pattern vernier sights the mva sharps pattern vernier sights are designed to closely resemble the original sharps windage sights with refinements to enhance accuracy.

pedersoli target sights from thunder ridge looking for sights for pedersoli rifles, wesson & harrington 1871 buffalo classic 45-70 and the target model 38-55 rifles?  here is where you will find them.

static electricity and black powder see for yourself this eye opening test that was conducted with 10,000 volts of static electricity.

black powder cartridge rifle "...enjoying fine old rifles, and good friends, one shot at a time..." 

reloading cartridges for the 45-70 pat wolf takes off where her husband left off with a great book on mil spec load data for the 45-70 cartridge.

introducing the safety cartridge seater for black powder cartridge rifles currently available are models for the 1874 sharps, 1885 high wall, and remington hepburn rifles, designed to assist in safely seating a loaded cartridge in a fouled chamber.

the single shot black powder club of great britain i just discovered our brothers over seas.  they have a great site, lets show them some support and visit them often.  good information and links.

mlv enterprizes this is mike venturino's own site for giving the best information available to the shooter today.

remington arms company inc. - america's oldest gun maker this is a hystorical walk thru of the remington rolling block rifle

sharps, just how far will it shoot this artical is by mike venturino and retyped with the permission from shotgun news, april 2000, find out the facts as reported by mike venturino.

down range accuracy this is another fine artical by mike venturino and retyped with the permission of wolfe publications, rifle magazine january 2005, find out the facts as reported by mike venturino.

designing your own
bullet molds another fine artical by mike venturino and retyped with the permission from shotgun news, december 2000, find out about the benefits of designing your own bullet mold.

45-70 at two miles: the sandy hook test of 1879 rifle magazine, november-december 1977 the shooter at the heavy bench rest squinted as he aligned his .45-70 allin-springfield model 1873 army rifle on the distant target.

ballistol due to its alkaline character ballistol is ideal for cleaning and maintaining black powder firearms. ballistol eliminates the need for brutal mechanical scrubbing and aggressive solvents.

buffalo gold lube is available.  buffalo gold is sold in 1/4 lb., 1/2 lb., 1 pound quanities.  buffalo gold has been tested in differant weather and humidity conditions, and it flat out works.
i also have 1 pound blocks of refined beeswax avail as well.  if you make your own lube this is something that you need to have on hand.  contact me at the_montanan@usa.com

spg here is a site that has some good information and products for bpcr.

bpcr lube, thoughts and findings the topic of what a bpcr lube does and how it does it is often the topic of conversation; at matches, over the phone and online. those of us that have shot bpcr for awhile know that accuracy degrades rapidly without a good lube as well as either wiping between shots or blow-tubing. after several years of extensive research, experimentation and thinking about bpcr lubes and how to make them better some general conclusions have been reached.

hi-line sportsman supply here is another good site located in chester, mt.

lone star rifles lone star rifle company can custom manufacture a black powder cartridge rolling block and have it in your hands, ready to shoot, in approximately 12 months. don't wait 4-5 years for the silhouette rifle you've only been dreaming of.

meacham rifles single shot highwall rifles 
		 - meacham rifles custom builds single shot highwall rifles based on winchesters design.  includes our silouette, schuetzen, target and benchrest blackpowder models.

shiloh sharps arms co. welcome to the new 2003 shiloh sharps rifle website. as you look around the pages of this site, you will discover that, as with the original sharps, our rifles are not intended for the mass market. they are for the shooter, hunter, competitor and collector who wants something special. shiloh sharps rifle co. is located in the heart of big timber, mt.  check it out you just may find what your looking for.

goex black powder in need of goex powder, swiss powder, kik powder, skirmish powder find it here for the best prices available.

main powder house need to find swiss, schuezten and elephant black powder.

gold creek hunts welcome to gold creek montana, where a river runs through it.  we offer top-quality hunts with an experienced expert hunter.

two heart buffalo ranch the mighty american buffalo still roams the virgin prairie of their 
ancestors. you can hunt this magnificent animal on the 
two heart buffalo ranch in western south dakota.

buffalo hunting at thousand hills ranch these are fair chase hunts on over 62,000 unfenced acres of prime, native bison habitat in scenic southern colorado.  you’ll likely encounter pronghorn antelope, wild horses and mule deer while hunting.

tequila's cowboy action shooting school and instructional dvds for all of you that are into cowboy action shooting.  i have personally reviewed this website and find it to the most informative of any that i have looked at on the entire web.  click on the link above to find out more.  laredo star offers the best information for the novis as well as the experienced shooter.

www.sixgunner.com are you looking for more information on six-gunning or loads for your six-gun or your lever gun?

cimarron f.a. co. offers firearms used taming the frontier in texas and the american west.

american western arms 
		 - awa international, inc. web site for the colt reproduction 1873 peacekeeper and longhorn.

artax: hand-crafted reproduction of muzzle-loaders 
		 - artax srl, was born from the fusion of renzo lussignoli's experience and traditional craftsmanship and gianraimondo gallizioli's great passion for antique firearms and his enterprising spirit in modern company organisation.

black powder cartridge military rifles 
		 - history and identification of non-us, antique military rifles.  extensive photo library with hundreds of detailed photos and descriptions.

black powder loading for cowboy action shootin 
		 - this site contains information on doc shapiro's book on bp loading for cas.

black powder revolvers forum 
		 - black powder, cap & ball revolver enthusiasts. feel free to discuss, swap, buy, sell, post information, ask questions, answer questions.

books and collector guides on blackpowder cartridge rifles. 
		 - mail order catalog of books and guides on blackpowder cartridge rifles, single shot rifles and more. discount prices.

buffalo arms co. 
		 - shiloh sharps and other single shot reprodution rifles bought and sold here.

bullet 'n press magazine 
		 - bullet 'n press© is an oline newspaper reporting on your favorite antique and classic firearms, as well as their modern reproductions.

cimarron firearms 
		 - a recognized as the leader in quality and authenticity in cowboy action shooting firearms. they've supported sass shooters since 1987.

colt 1917 peacemaker 
		 - colt, 1917 single action army revolver, factory engraved, nickel plated, ivory handles, a beautiful work of art!

colt blackpowder: collectible guns 
		 - become a member of the colt® family. whether you are a shooter, collector, re-enactor or armchair historian, you can become the proud owner of an important firearm.

colt gun parts 
		 - antique colt single action gun parts for sale and trade.

colt single actions 
		 - internet colt first generation single action sales. fine collectibles, shooters, parts, holsters, and other american western frontier desireables!

cowboy ammunition 
		 - bullseye shooting supplies, cowboy ammunition.

emf authentic cowboy action firearm reproductions 
		 - emf company is the world's leading source of historically accurate, collectible-quality reproduction firearms of the old west,cowboy and civil war eras.

firearms antiquities & collectibles 
		 - us antiques firearms from the mexican war through the civil war, also western arms and collectibles

frontier classic firearms 
		 - we offer the finest in replica firearms of the old west.

g spot - old west gun museum 
		 - north mankato, mn

gary reeder custom guns 
		 - over the last two months, we have introduced several new series of highly engraved and specially finished cowboy guns.

handguns 
		 - antique revolvers, derringers, and martial handguns.
koury investments - miniature guns 
		 - antique miniature guns, specializing in weston, smith, thacker

navy arms 
		 - "first with the finest in quality replica firearms." navy arms company carries a full line of authentic replicas

plm brand wild west custom leather 
		 - wild west custom leather : accurate replica wild west custom leather, holsters, belts, rifle scabbards, spurs straps, knife cases and saddle, hand made in tradition

 - pre -1899 springfield trapdoors 
		 - a supplier of all springfield trapdoors and a complete selection of original and re-made spare parts from 1865 to  1898.indian war era guns.

pre-1899 firearms faq 
		 - in response to numerous requests, here are the answers to the questions that i most commonly get on pre-1899 firearms.  the second half of this faq posting lists serial number cut-offs for the 1899 threshold for many guns.

precision gun works - finest quality gun stocks 
		 - give your late model marlin 30, 336, 94 cowboy, or winchester late 94 an authentic "old west" look with early original-style buttstocks, buttplates, and forearms. finest quality semi-finished stocks crafted from select american black walnut.

reloading cartridges for the original 45-70 springfield rifle & carbine 
		 - author's site for information about the book and personal snap shot

savage 1895, savage 1899, & savage 99 - unofficial 
		 - unofficial page for the savage model 1895, savage model 1899, and savage model 99 made by the savage arms corporation. information on books,collections and hunting.

sharps rifles by axtell 
		 - walnut stock, double set triggers, schuetzen butt with cheek rest and checkering, palm rest, remington short-range sporting vernier, windgauge spirit level front sights.

single shot rifle online 
		 - this magazine is totally online and is dedicated to the enjoyment of shooting 19th century (and  reproduction) single shot blackpowder cartridge rifles (bpcr).

single six - ruger parts 
		 - single six offers a variety of accessories for ruger single action pistols.  these include fine cnc machined hammers, triggers, grip frames, and backstraps, as well as new products such as the free spin pawl.

sixguns and pocket pistols 
		 - antique guns & collectible firearms for sale.  info for gun collectors & arms enthusiasts. military weapons, guns of the old west. all types antique firearms & collectible guns.

sweeney's emporium 
		 - focus is 1840-1940 colt and other american firearms, colt accessories and colt related collectables, cartridge boxes, cowboy collectables and much more. no online ordering.

the spenser rifle - technical assessment 
		 - in 1863, two guns that changed the course of firearms history were first delivered to the u.s. government. these are the henry and spencer repeaters. these arms were among the first to use rimfire cartridges.

uk - the single shot black powder cartridge rifle club of great britain 
		 - the official web site of the ssbpcrcgb.

united states fire-arms mfg. co. 
		 - manufacturers of fin saa colt 45 type cowboy guns. the guns of dennis ming-   5 time world champ- china camp- see a best quality gun in all its stages from forging to final polish and sighting in at colt's old armory call 877-227-6901  armory tours available.

western americana 
		 - we provide two services: western antique items, collectibles, and gifts and also decorate your ranch, cabin, lodge, house or office with our unique vintage western furniture.

wild horse/derringer ranch 
		 - black powder firearms for re-enactors, collectors, mountain men, hunters, survival training, outfitters and guides for new mexico big game.


why gun control doesn't work - gun-grabbers'worst nightmare british, australian gun bans fail


text and pictures copyright 1998 - 2001 © by the montanan all rights reserved.
the_montanan@usa.com










