













home - mississippi press association






































      tuesday, february 18, 2025    





                search              



                login              









toggle navigation




main menu






home




                            newspapers 




                                  newspapers                                


                                  affiliated newspapers & journals                                


                                  digital affiliates                                





                            advertising 




                                  mspress media + marketing                                


                                  press releases                                





                            news 




                                  news links                                


                                  fourth estate newsletter                                


                                  inkblots blog                                


                                  march of events                                


                                  photo archive                                





                            resources 




                                  job bank                                


                                  post a job opening                                


                                  media directories                                


                                  webinars                                


                                  legal hotline                                


                                  press identification                                


                                  contests                                


                                  publications                                


                                  freedom of information                                





                            foundation 




                                  foundation overview                                


                                  mpaef board of directors                                


                                  mcdavid conference                                


                                  celebrity roast                                


                                  internships                                





                            public notices 




                                  mississippi                                


                                  national                                





                            about 




                                  about us                                


                                  contact us                                


                                  staff                                


                                  board of directors                                


                                  membership                                


                                  membership benefits                                


                                  mpa bylaws                                


                                  past presidents                                


                                  emmerich award                                


                                  hall of fame                                






































trusted local journalism






							 						

 








bylines & datelines



» carolyn dillon, longtime owner and publisher of the tylertown times, died monday, jan. 27, following an extended illness. dillon operated the weekly newspaper and radio station wtyl-fm since 1983. “perhaps the most important value i learned from carolyn was the importance of community-driven journalism — how local news operations are the fabric of an engaged citizenry, binding a better-informed people together,” wrote tony plohetski on facebook, who is now a reporter for the austin american-statesman in texas. services are pending. hartman hughes funeral home in tylertown is in charge of arrangements.
» emily wagster pettus recently announced her departure from a 24-year career with the associated press as a jackson-based mississippi correspondent. pettus said she was one of several journalists who took a buyout from the news coop as it restructures. pettus formerly was a reporter for the vicksburg post and the clarion ledger and is an ole miss journalism graduate. 

 




headlines



						mark your calendars for these 2025 events					


					the new year is near and 2025 will be filled with important dates and deadlines for mississippi press members. please mark your calendars accordingly: february 6 — the 2024 news contest will  …				








						order 2025 photo credentials now					


					football season is upon us, and if you need additional credentials for any staff or stringers who will be covering the action for you, let us know. an mpa press card acknowledges association  …				





						u.s. appeals court agrees with state on medical marijuana advertising					


					medical marijuana businesses in mississippi don’t have the right to advertise on billboards or other places because marijuana itself remains illegal under federal law, an appeals court says. 

  …				





						mpa attorney advises against weed, cbd advertising					


					ever since the approval of medical marijuana in the state and the advent of cbd and related hemp-infused products for sale in the state, mississippi press' general counsel has advised members steer  …				





			read more news			












find us on facebook

facebook













see you in memphis!arkansas • mississippi • tennesseejune 26-28, 2025 | memphis hiltonsave the date! newspaper media professionals will return to the memphis in 2025 for the tri-state press convention, bringing together members of the arkansas, mississippi, and tennessee press associations.sessions are planned on editorial, revenue, and digital best practices, among others. the event will be held at the hilton memphis at the intersection of i-240 and u.s. 72/poplar avenue in east memphis.registration will open in the spring. check back soon for more details on the program and sponsorship and exhibitor opportunities.vendors & sponsors: download information about partnership opportunities for this event.visit the tri-state convention website for details on registration and hotel accommodations. 

 






calendar of events






						thu					

						26	
					



						tri-state press convention					

						save the date! newspaper media professionals will  …					







						fri					

						27	
					



						tri-state press convention					

						save the date! newspaper media professionals will  …					







						sat					

						28	
					



						tri-state press convention					

						save the date! newspaper media professionals will  …					













					tue				

					18				





					wed				

					19				





					thu				

					20				





					fri				

					21				





					sat				

					22				






 browse full calendar
		



 post an event
		



 












                  371 edgewood terrace jackson, ms  39206
                          phone: 601-981-3060



sections



                  newspapers                


                  advertising                


                  news                


                  resources                


                  foundation                


                  public notices                


                  about                





helpful links


              about us            


              contact us            


              terms of service            




get social


 



 



 



 



 












        © copyright 2025 mississippi press association      

powered by creative circle media solutions









