



niagara health | santé niagara


























































		skip to content
	



accessible version








pay bills
french
careers
donate today





contact











home

about

about niagara health
diversity, equity and inclusion
strategic plan
our future
accountability & transparency
board of directors
news & media
niagara health foundation
ontario health team
privacy and confidentiality
south niagara site
senior friendly


patients & visitors

getting here
visiting niagara health
preparing for your visit
while you're here
going home
keeping you safe
patient experience
know your healthcare options
nh engagement network
niagara health navigator


sites & services

browse our sites & services
emergency & urgent care
cancer care / oncology
cardiac care
indigenous health services
kidney care program
long-term care
medical imaging
mental health & addictions
stroke care
women, babies & children


quality

overview
infection prevention & control
innovation
leading practices
hospital information system
quality & safety indicators


our team

overview
careers
leadership team
auxiliaries
nurses
physicians
volunteers
allied healthcare professionals
corporate & support services


research & academics

overview
academics
knowledge institute



















consider care options for non-emergency concerns
our emergency department (ed) staff and physicians are working hard to serve all patients with safe, quality care in a timely manner. eds are a very dynamic environment and things can change quickly depending on the urgent needs of patients. 
know your options









say goodbye to paper. say hello to digital.
after more than two years of planning, niagara health’s journey to replace paper records and outdated electronic systems with a new his is finally here.
we appreciate your patience as our teams become familiar with our system.
learn more









unveiling indigenous art pieces for outpatient mental health units
on dec. 17, niagara health unveiled three indigenous artwork pieces that will be displayed in our outpatient mental health units at the marotta family, niagara falls and welland hospitals.
read more









research day returns may 1
share your findings! the call for poster presentations is open until friday, feb. 28. 
learn more










emergency department wait times
see wait times



need care that can't wait for an appointment
know your options



access virtual urgent care
book your appointment







who we are
 
niagara health is entering an era of great opportunity and the inspiration behind this is one, unifying goal: to provide all of our patients, families, staff, physicians, students, learners and volunteers extraordinary experiences. 


 



building a healthier niagara momentum continues with the planning and design of the south niagara site, located in niagara falls. learn more about the south niagara hospital


 
 


 



we are niagara health our team is made up of more than 7,300 employees, physicians, volunteers and patient partners who contribute to our purpose of providing extraordinary caring. every person. every time. these are some of their stories


 
 


 



innovation niagara health navigator is a mobile app that gives you access to a growing set of resources to help you navigate your care journey. join us and the over 47,000 people who have already downloaded the app. learn more about navigator


 
 


 



physician recruitment our more than 600 talented and caring physicians make a meaningful difference each day in the lives of our patients and their families. see current opportunities




news and updates from niagara health






‘it’s not just a job’: father-daughter respiratory therapists bond over saving lives

posted feb 14th, 2025 
when taylor morrone was a child, she proudly told people what her father, peter, did for a living at niagara health. years later, she’s working alongside him as a respiratory therapist, extending their bond from home to hospital.
read more







icu patient’s love for music creates unforgettable moment

posted feb 14th, 2025 
"you’re everybody’s angel, everybody’s angel…" these lyrics took on a whole new meaning for icu patient dakota, a lifelong fan of the band down with webster. thanks to the compassion of #niagarahealth’s three wishes project and the dedication of hospital staff, dakota got the ultimate fan experience—a personal video call with the band.
read more







environmental leadership in the south niagara hospital

posted feb 13th, 2025 
how the hospital project is prioritizing the health of our people, and the planet.
read more







beyond quick fixes: biomed tech’s curiosity drives his journey to become a physician and advocate

posted feb 12th, 2025 
abdul-qoyyum adekitan strives to go deeper than surface-level solutions, whether fixing medical devices or one day helping people in their health journeys.
read more









get the latest news
sign me up!









extraordinary caring. every person. every time.

compliments / concerns
discharge from hospital
support nh
website directory
volunteers
parking












search

search
























privacy statement
media policy
social media guidelines
members login

back to top
copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.
				1200 fourth ave., st. catharines, on, l2s 0a9



funding support provided by:





managed with tymbrel





facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
linkedin

















