









pleasant dale park district










skip to content






home
events
leagues

schedules
men's softball playoffs
field conditions
coaches


parks/facilities

walker park
walker rec center
flagg creek golf course
white buffalo park
soehrman park
lake carriage way park
savoy park
santa fe park


programs


program guide
birthday parties
ageless adventures guide


gateway-special rec
advertise


registration

online registration
registration forms

gateway special rec guide


pdpf foundation
links
contact

staff
commissioners


link to facebook
link to instagram


 

welcome to pleasant dale park district


programs



click here to see our
    winter-spring program guide 


attention:  
check this area for important bulletins and last-minute news updates.




  burr ridge +82°f   

we throw the best parties!


registration
general registration form
 
register online


upcoming events






february 21, 2025
puzzle mania! competition

get ready for puzzle mania! join our ultimate puzzle competition and put your skills to the test. teams of 2, 3, or 4 are welcome. compete against other teams by completing the same 500-piece puzzle within 2 hours. if no team finishes the puzzle in time, the winner will be chosen based on the fewest pieces left. feel free to bring snacks and drinks, but only team members are allowed in the competition room once it begins. there will be a table for puzzle swaps (leave a puzzle, take a puzzle) of 300 pieces or more. the winning team will receive a prize, and all teams can bring their puzzles home after the competition. registration is per team
and only one person should register.pre-registration required by 1/31 so puzzles can be ordered.

march 1, 2025
st. patricks day gold coin hunt

join us to celebrate st. patricks day at pleasant dale park district. a leprechaun has hidden all of his gold coins at the park district. your job is to find the coins! refreshments and a st. patricks day craft are included! please drress for outdoor weather. this program begins at 10am sharp. please arrive on time.pre-registration required

march 20, 2025
readers nook book club

be a part of the inaugural meeting of the readers nook book club this march. then join us monthly for a fun and relaxed gathering where we will dive into the world of fiction! whether you are a lifelong book lover or just looking for a fresh way to enjoy a good story, our club is the perfect place to meet new people and share your thoughts. each month, we will select a different fiction book to read and discuss, exploring everything from plot twists to character development. this is all about enjoying books, making friends, and having great conversations. open to anyone 18 and older—no pressure, just good company and great reads!pre-registration requiredclick here to view/download the flyer.
march 21, 2025
magic & memories date night

looking for a fun, unforgettable night out? join us for "magic and memories", a one-of-a-kind event where magic meets memories and moms, grandmas, aunts, or any special person can bring their boys! prepare to be amazed with a spectacular magic show featuring live animals, jaw-dropping illusions, and tons of audience participation! you wont just be watching the magic - you will be part of it! enjoy refreshments and spend time connecting with your favorite person. and as a special treat, everyone will leave with a goodie bag filled with fun surprises to remember the night. its an evening of laughter, wonder, and bonding that you wont want to miss. create lasting memories, share special moments, and enjoy a night of magic together!pre-registration required by 3/16 or when event reaches capacity.

march 27, 2025
basketball madness

the tournament is almost over! get ready to dribble, pass, shoot, score and win at our exiting basketball event! join us for a free-throw contest, a couple of rounds of knockout, and some skill drills - all capped off with a short scrimmage. show your team spirit by wearing your favorite collage or pro gear! every participant will receive a goodie bag to take home. dont miss out on the fun!pre-registration required













registration | board minutes | policies | job opportunities | freedom of information | contact link to facebook 
pleasant dale park district 7425 s. wolf rd. burr ridge ilp: 630-662-6220 f: 630-662-9239
      copyright © 2009 -  pleasant dale park district all rights reserved






