










mid-rivers communications - home






































































facebookinstagramxlinkedinfacebookinstagramxlinkedin 


order now  |  pay now  |  my mid-rivers  |  web mail   |   directory   |   support   |   contactorder now  |  pay now  |  my mid-riversweb mail   |   directory   |   support   |   contact 










homeinternetinternet servicedata managementinternet service agreementopen internet policyfiber build-outstreaming tvbroadband labelstelephonetelephone servicerobocall tipslong distance service agreementbusinessvoiceconnectivitycommunitycareerssponsorshipsscholarshipsgrantslatest newsabout usmy mid-riversmy mid-riverspay nowweb maildirectory















at mid-rivers, 
it’s the people who matter.we believe that by caring for our family, friends, neighbors and communities, we can create a better tomorrow for those around us.×2:52pm update: internet services in miles city have been restored. if you are still experiencing any problems, please let us know.2/16/2025 1:50pm: we are aware of an internet outage impacting most of miles city. we are working on repairs, no eta yet at this time.your local service providermid-rivers strives to provide the highest possible quality of service, both communications and customer service, to every customer no matter where they call home.ways we can help unlimited internet accessproviding the fastest speed available at your location.learn more reliable telephone servicespeace of mind knowing that you will have a secure line even in a power outagelearn more business connectivity solutionsoffering a range of options with the security and reliability your business needs.learn morescholarshipssupportsponsorshipslatest newscommunity support in 2024$154,770awarded in sponsorships92scholarships awarded$167,000awarded in scholarships












we appreciate that you resolved our internet / email issue while we were overseas and also appreciate the effort given to ensure our security while dealing with the problem. thank you.
~ all weather tech
very pleased with the young man who installed our equipment. thankful for him being willing to work with our schedule.
~ mike & kay h.mid-rivers have some of the best people in montana. every time that i have had a problem it has been resolved promptly. thanks, ~ tom t.mid-rivers customer service is the best! thank you for always being there for us. everyone we have ever had any contact with has always been very knowledgeable & willing to help. and help is always available very quickly. once again--thank you! ~ james & lois v.very impressed on how fast and professional they were. ~ richard & dawn m.
the change in service to midrivers was seamless... very impressed with your timeliness and professionalism. thank you! ~ aspen assessment & counselingfast internet at an affordable cost. luke was very [attentive] and had the service installed [in less] than an hour. he was very friendly as well. ~ tristan h 








connect with usfacebookinstagramxlinkedinmid-rivers communications904 c. ave., circle, mt 59215 my mid-rivers (smarthub) webmail speed test teamviewer contact us about us surplus sale careers terms of use privacy policy notices bylaws


 













 











homeinternetinternet servicedata managementinternet service agreementopen internet policyfiber build-outstreaming tvbroadband labelstelephonetelephone servicerobocall tipslong distance service agreementbusinessvoiceconnectivitycommunitycareerssponsorshipsscholarshipsgrantslatest newsabout usmy mid-riversmy mid-riverspay nowweb maildirectory







