









home | association of arkansas counties









































 

homeabout uscountiesamerican rescue planmember associationsopioid crisispublication librarylegislationmembersdirectories and guidesfaqeventsmediahelpful linksvendorscontactrisk managementworkers' compcounty search 



risk managementworkers' compcounty search






home | association of arkansas counties


1415 west third street, little rock, arkansas 72201  |  501-372-7550

faqeventsmediahelpful linkscontact






about uscountiesamerican rescue planmember associationsopioid crisispublication librarylegislationmembers 






75 counties. one voice. 




countieslegislationmembersdirectories and guides



events
news




february19+winter 2025 circuit clerks meeting...canceled due to inclement weather.view event february26+winter cjaa meeting...county judges will meet at the wyndham hotel in north little rock/pulaski county.view event march4+assessors march meeting...assessors will meet at the wyndham hotel in north little rock.view event april10+collectors legislative conference...collectors will meet at the aac.view event may6+cjaa road seminar...the county judges' road seminar will be held at norfork river resort.view event june4+summer cjaa meeting...the county judges will meet at benton events center/saline county.view event june8+summer 2025 sheriffs conference...the sheriffs association will hold its summer 2025 meeting in hot springs.view event june17+assessors june meeting...assessors will meet at degray lake resort in bismark.view event june18+collectors june meeting...collectors will meet at the winthrop rockefeller institute atop petit jean mountain.view event 


series of constitutional amendments filed in arkan...legislators filed five separate resolutions for arkansas constitutional amendments on monday. resolutions filed would impact property taxes, property assessment, general assembly rules, judicial politics and municipal boards. all amendments are placed before voters before they become law.read more gov. signed into law an act involving continuing e...sarah huckabee sanders signed into law, sb53, an act to make an appropriation for maintaining and operating a continuing education program for the county clerks, circuit clerks, county treasurers, county collectors and county coroners in the state for the fiscal year ending june 30, 2026.read more cwd detected in baxter and cleburne counties...the arkansas game and fish commission recently confirmed that two deer in cleburne county and another deer in baxter county have tested positive for chronic wasting disease. both deer were harvested during the 2024-25 deer hunting season. they join samples from conway and stone counties that were confirmed cwd-positive earlier in the season.read more civic engagement strengthens community relationshi...county government is often regarded as the most direct form of government to the people, making local civic engagement a pillar of our democracy.read more bill to separate searcy county sheriff, tax collec...one of the bills passed during the third week of the 95th arkansas general assembly and signed by gov. sarah huckabee sanders will affect a portion of north central arkansas. house bill 1137 will result in searcy county’s sheriff and tax collector to serve as separate offices beginning in 2027.read more transportation alternatives program & recreati...the arkansas highway commission has announced that applications for the arkansas transportation alternatives program (tap) and the arkansas recreational trails program (rtp) are now available. tap and rtp provide federal grant funding to local public agencies for transportation and recreation projects. both programs operate on a reimbursable basis.read more farmers to receive $286 million through american r...farmers in arkansas will receive $286.2 million in assistance from the american relief act, with mississippi county being the top recipient, according to an analysis by the rural & farm finance policy analysis center.read more bill to separate sheriff and tax collector heads t...a bill to separate the sheriff and the tax collector in poinsett county has been sent to the governor’s office. on wednesday, jan. 29, the bill passed in both the senate and house chambers.read more arkansas senator introduces legislation to counter...arkansas sen. bryan king (r-green forrest) introduced legislation in the state capitol on thursday to promote public safety at what he said was a counter to and a much lower cost than the governor’s prison plans.read more  







home 
75 counties. one voice.
 
we serve as the official voice for arkansas counties. the overall purpose of the association of arkansas counties (aac) is to work for the improvement of county government in the state of arkansas. our website includes information about the aac and about arkansas counties in general, including contact information for all elected officials. information also is available about our membership benefits and services for counties. we also have current topics, such as legislative information and aac's position on matters affecting county government. a calendar of association events also is available online, as well as links to our many publications. our nine affiliate associations also are accessible through our website. "helpful links" provides a short list of links to other websites of interest. you may also contact the aac staff through our website and learn a little more about who we are. enjoy your time browsing through arkansas counties!
 


fall 2024 county linesview digital editionbrowse archives 







 






1415 west third street, little rock, arkansas 72201 | 501-372-7550





						interactive services by mass enthusiasm
admin login 







