













            international shipping from usa & canada, freight rate quotes | ubox worldwide        















toggle navigation









free rate quote
how it works

documentation 

packing list


resources
about us
contact us

blog









ocean freight shipping and international cargo shipping
from the united states and canada to the world get an instant shipping quote










 
 todays price for shipping to zambia
starting from: $
*depending on port selection
special rates for:


all rates per cubic foot













download our packing tips for international shipping



international and domestic freight shipping from the u.s.a, canada and puerto rico.
ubox worldwide is a licensed and bonded international and domestic freight shipping company, providing low cost freight shipping with personal service. we make international and cross country shipping easy for individuals and small companies.
if you are moving overseas, need economical international shipping, are exporting commercial cargo, or if you just want to ship a few boxes of personal effects, either overseas or across the country, ubox worldwide can provide all your international and domestic freight shipping needs.
we have over forty years experience in the international and domestic cargo shipping business. our specialty is moving personal effects and small commercial shipments for individuals and small businesses. in addition to box shipping, we handle and ship full container loads, palletized freight, vehicles and heavy equipment.
our main office is located in houston, texas, but we have freight stations across the united states, canada and puerto rico. ubox worldwide also offer residential and commercial pick up, domestic truck moves, and rail service across the u.s. and canada. please use the links below to find out how ubox worldwide can provide the global shipping service you need.








services
please use the links below to find out how ubox worldwide can provide the shipping service you need.



international box shipping/small moves
get an instant rate quote for less than container load (lcl) shipments. if you are shipping internationally, whether personal effects or commercial goods and have less then 300 cubic feet, you can get an instant quote online: lcl rate quote form



larger commercial shipments
if you have a commercial shipment of more than 300 cubic feet, please fill out our rate quote form and enter in your commodity, method of packaging (pallets, crates, cartons, etc) into the comment form. an export representative will send you a personalized quote. 


full container loads/household moves
moving overseas and don't want to pay the outrageous cost of some full service international movers? contact us for a competive rate on international container shipping. we can save you money on your international relocation. we offer 40' and 20' full load container shipping for commercial and household goods shipments. email us for with your details, and our export service team will help you plan your move abroad.



usa/canada domestic moves and truck service
ubox worldwide can also provide low cost domestic shipping for long distance moves across the united states and canada. we can move commercial freight and personal goods from many of our local service centers or door to door. please contact us if you have a domestic move and are looking to save money. 
















drop locations map of cfs terminals




shipping rates how lcl rates are calculated




container loads how to get the best quotes




imports importing to the usa and canada




faq's frequently asked questions




videos everything you need to see











international shipping rates by country

algeria
angola
antigua
argentina
australia
austria
bahamas
bahrain
bangladesh
barbados
belgium
belize
benin
bulgaria
cameroon
chile
china
colombia
costa rica
croatia
cyprus
czech republic
denmark
dominica
dominican republic
egypt
el salvador
ecuador
estonia
france
finland
germany
ghana
greece
guatemala
haiti
honduras
hungary
iceland
india
indonesia
ireland
israel
italy
jamaica
japan
jordan
kenya
kuwait
korea south
liberia
lithuania
lebanon
latvia
madagascar
malaysia
mauritius
mexico
malawi
malta
morocco
mozambique
netherlands
new zealand
nigeria
norway
nicaragua
oman
pakistan
panama
peru
philippines
poland
portugal
puerto rico
qatar
romania
russia
saudi arabia
singapore
slovakia
slovenia
south africa
spain
sweden
switzerland
taiwan
tanzania
thailand
togo
trinidad and tobago
tunisia
turkey
united arab emirates
united kingdom
venezuela
vietnam
yemen republic
yugoslavia
zaire
zimbabwe


ocean rates are based upon the cubic space in the ocean container that the cargo occupies with the cost varying, depending upon the country and city destination. our rate covers warehouse receiving, tallying, loading into container, documentation and ocean transport. these costs are included in your box rate; however, there will be local destination/delivery charges upon warehouse release per custom of the port. this charge can either be prepaid or collected upon delivery. it is also important to understand that customs clearance, duties and taxes, if any, are the obligation of the receiving consignee; however, in most countries it is possible to clear customs yourself and normally duty is not levied on your own used personal effects. we cannot be held responsible for customs entry, but our delivery agent can offer this service should you choose. lastly, minimum charges are standard in the ocean transport industry and warehousing facilities. we attempt to keep these as low as possible and they are indicated in the country rates.terms and conditions 
get an instant rate quote 







what our clients say about us











in 1998, i had a bad experience with a well-known us moving company for my overseas move to australia. they quoted a price of $5000 after a complete walk-through of our (small) house.  they would not provide us with any formula for cost calculations, and avoided answering the question by making it seem extremely complicated.

after the walk-through, we reduced the amount of furniture and personal goods that were going overseas.  after the mover..



jackie seattle, wa
01 august,2016




received my cargo safe and sound. thank you very much. i have recommended a few people to your service



regards, helen
01 august,2016




thank you for your help with this shipment and the various others that i have had through ubox.  in the past four years you have always gone above and beyond my expectations to make sure every shipment goes through smoothly.  although i have experimented with several shipping options in the past, you are by far the best and easiest to deal with.  the books have always arrived in a timely manner and in excellent condition.  the service and prices ..



-ben foster owner, cherry valley bookstore taipei, taiwan
01 august,2016








i have received a note that my goods are now on the ship. i would like to say how much i have appreciated your help with this. i have been very impressed and pleased with the help i have had from you and your team at ubox and i will certainly be keeping your on file in case i need to transfer again or to recommend to friends. many thanks and best wishes.



jane s.
01 august,2016


























quick links

home
how it works
free rate quote
about us
packing list
resources
videos
blog
contact us



who uses ubox worldwide shipping?

international students and faculty!
small businesses with global reach!
families with loved ones overseas!
ex-patriates and immigrants!
anyone wanting to save money on shipping!



latest blog posts


					 	economical ocean freight shipping
posted on 2019-06-10					 		
					 	

					 	australia relocation - a guide to moving overseas from the usa or canada
posted on 2019-01-17					 		
					 	

					 	best way to move overseas
posted on 2018-11-21					 		
					 	



find us on facebook

















© 2018 ubox worldwide 


drop locations  |
                    shipping rates  |
                    full container loads  |
                    imports  |
                    privacy policy  |
                    faq's

















