













royal paper dolls






 


                   

 



 

menu choices



 

 

 
welcome to royal paper dolls!
 


royal paper dolls is a unique gallery of paper dolls 
representing famous kings and queens throughout history.  the goal of 
this web site is to bring famous people of the past to life, using a combination 
of portraits, costumes and biographies.
we are currently featuring paper dolls of the 
tudor kings and queens of england.  you may print out the dolls, free of 
charge, for your own personal enjoyment and education. 

we have paper dolls of king 
henry viii of england and his six wives, 
  with colorful tudor period costumes for each queen.
new!!!  we've 
  also added a paper doll set featuring 
  lady jane grey, queen for nine days.

 
              
king henry viii & his six wives
the six wives of 
king henry viii web site contains paper dolls of king henry and each of his wives.  


above is a sample of two of the historical paper 
dolls available on the six wives of king henry viii 
page.  each of  henry viii's six wives is represented, and each 
queen has three authentic tudor 
period costumes. 
in addition to the paper dolls,
a short biography is provided 
for henry viii and each of his queens.  henry viii and his wives led 
fascinating lives.  some of these women had a major impact on the history of 
england and the world itself.
click on the picture of henry (above) or the 
picture of anne boleyn (above) to 
visit the six wives of king henry viii paper doll web page.  from 
there, you can select the specific king or queen 
doll you want to see.
you can also click on the 
menu bar titled "henry viii's six wives" (see left side of page), or 
on the link below, to enter the six wives of king henry viii paper doll web 
page.

the six wives 
  of henry viii paper dolls

 

new!!!
lady jane 
grey paper dolls
we now have paper dolls 
of lady jane grey!  at 
the age of fifteen, the lady jane grey was 
declared queen of england in the year 1553, following the death of king henry 
viii's son edward vi.  she was a grandniece of henry viii, and a member of the 
royal house of tudor.  
lady jane's brief reign 
lasted only nine days.  she is remembered for her courage and dignity 
during her short time on the throne, and for her unwavering devotion to her 
beliefs in the face of adversity.  
 
the lady jane grey paper doll has four colorful costumes from the 
tudor era.  also included is a paper doll of lady jane's husband, guildford 
dudley.
to visit the lady jane grey 
paper doll page, click on either of the two portraits shown above.
you can also click on the lady jane grey menu 
bar on the left of this page, or on the link below, to view the lady jane grey 
paper dolls.

lady jane 
  grey paper dolls

 


you are welcome to print these 
paper dolls for your own personal use and enjoyment.  any other 
use, including commercial use, reproduction, or publication in other works, is 
copyright-protected and not allowed.
i hope you enjoy your visit to the royal paper 
dolls web site.  thank you for stopping by!
please send any questions, comments, ideas 
or feedback to the email address below.  i would love to hear from you!

mailto:ldsebastia@aol.com
also, please visit my brother 
brett mccarron's fabulous freebies2go.com 
web site, for a huge variety of free samples, products, services and other free 
stuff.  you'll be glad you did!  
click on the link below to visit 
freebies2go.com:

www.freebies2go.com
 









 
copyright 2001 by laurie mccarron sebastian
last update:  december 2004 
note:  all paper doll art work was done by 
laurie sebastian, using pencil, charcoal and pastels.  the web site 
was constructed by laurie sebastian using microsoft front page.  


awarded to royal 
paper dolls website by bryde's medieval website & goodies 
 


