


































environmental defense fund - building a vital earth for everyone





























      skip to main content
    






give now to protect our air, water and health


give now to protect our air, water and health








$2-for-$1 match: triple your impact to protect climate progress.
donate now



deadline: midnight dec. 31 to make 4x the impact to protect climate progress
donate now



















home






our work




our impact




about us




get involved




news and stories





go





donate






magnifying glass









back







                                  climate change solutions
                              

we deliver game-changing solutions that have a real impact for people around the globe. our vision: a vital earth. for everyone. 





                    energy transition
                  



                      cut methane emissions
                    



                      get hydrogen right
                    



                      make transportation cleaner
                    







                    people and nature
                  



                      grow food sustainably
                    



                      catch fish responsibly
                    



                      improve water supplies
                    



                      harness nature's power
                    



                      reduce flood risk
                    







                    healthy communities
                  



                      make chemicals safer
                    



                      reduce air pollution
                    






close

featured




                    bill nye the science guy highlights the fastest way to slow global warming
                  



  




















                    global food companies join edf for a groundbreaking step on dairy methane
                  



  
























back







                                  our impact
                              

for more than 50 years, we have been building innovative solutions to the biggest environmental challenges — from soil to space.





                    2024 impact report
                  







                    50+ years of wins for the planet
                  






close

featured




                    our groundbreaking push to cut methane on 3 critical fronts
                  



  




















                    building climate leaders with edf climate corps
                  



  
























back







                                  about us
                              

guided by science and economics, and committed to climate justice, we work in the places, on the projects and with the people that can make the biggest difference.





                    our approach
                  



                      advance rigorous science
                    



                      apply economic principles
                    



                      forge partnerships
                    



                      ensure climate justice
                    



                      advocate for smart policies
                    



                      champion diversity
                    







                    our people
                  



                      our experts
                    



                      leadership team
                    



                      board of trustees
                    







                    where we work
                  



                      china
                    



                      europe
                    



                      india
                    



                      united states
                    






close

featured




                    reimagining business for a sustainable future
                  



  




















                    our story: how the fight to ban ddt led to the birth of edf
                  



  
























back







                                  get involved
                              

if we act now — together — there’s still time to build a future where people, the economy and the earth can all thrive. every one of us has a role to play. choose yours.





                    donate
                  



                      donate monthly
                    



                      renew your gift
                    



                      make a tribute gift
                    



                      plan a gift in your will
                    



                      other ways to give
                    







                    take action
                  



                      sign a petition
                    



                      help stop misinformation
                    







                    get a green job
                  



                      work at edf
                    



                      edf climate corps
                    



                      degrees green jobs podcast
                    






close

featured




                    $2-for-$1 match today.donate now.
                  



  




















                    how we can fight climate change misinformation
                  



  
























back







                                  news and stories
                              

stay informed and get inspired with our in-depth reporting about the people and ideas making a difference, insight from our experts and the latest progress in the climate flight.





                    headlines
                  



                      expert commentary
                    



                      stories and articles
                    



                      video explainers
                    







                    research and resources
                  



                      published research
                    



                      press releases
                    



                      blogs
                    







                    stay informed
                  






close

featured




                    edf’s caribbean team receives prestigious aaas award for science diplomacy
                  



  




















                    vital signs, our digital magazine, will make you think and give you hope
                  



  
































 
















triple your impact for the planet

                  we will never stop fighting for a safer climate and healthier future for the people and places we love. give now and your gift will be matched $2 for $1.
                


                    donate now
                  








 























let’s protect what matters, together

                  extreme weather and pollution are threatening our health, our jobs and our families. we must act now to protect the people and places we love.
                


                    see how
                  








 
















give now to protect our climate

                  you can help create healthier communities and a safer climate now and for future generations.
                


                    donate today
                  








 
















fishers seek to preserve an island paradise

                  see how fishers on a bahamian island are calling for sustainable development, as a proposal for a limestone mine threatens the rich ecosystem and local jobs.
                


                    watch video
                  








 
















slow global warming fast with methanesat

                  we launched this groundbreaking satellite to speed up cuts in methane emissions worldwide — and you can help this critical mission.
                


                    see how
                  
































        your browser does not support the video tag.
      









we are environmental defense fund
we are a global nonprofit organization tackling climate change — the greatest challenge of our time. our bold, game-changing solutions put people at the center of all we do.
our goals:

stabilize the climate
strengthen people and nature’s ability to thrive
support people’s health






together, we’re creating a vital earth. for everyone.



3.5m+
members, supporters and activists




1k
scientists, economists, policy experts, lawyers and more




50+
years of driving real, meaningful change




30+
countries around the world where we work




 



issues we address
we’re tackling the biggest issues and striving for maximum impact to ensure a clean energy transition, healthy communities and the ability of people and nature to thrive.




 















 
















 energy transition 




advancing toward a clean energy future





 















 
















 natural solutions 




boosting nature’s ability to capture and store carbon





 















 
















 sustainable fishing 




making fishing communities stronger and fish more plentiful





 















 
















 hydrogen 




helping the world get hydrogen energy right





 















 
















 clean air 




helping a billion people breathe cleaner air in this decade





 















 
















 methane 




slashing methane to slow global warming right now





 















 
















 agriculture 




transforming agriculture to benefit billions of people globally





 















 
















 safer chemicals 




moving from toxic chemicals to safer, sustainable alternatives









how we get results that last
we bring together people from all sides and draw from deep expertise to tackle environmental issues from every angle.







scientific evidence

applying evidence to identify the most effective solutions








economic sustainability

using economic forces to protect our environment








powerful partnerships

creating alliances across a wide range of allies








climate justice

building a more equitable home on this planet we share








strong advocacy

shaping public policy and taking legal action








commitment to diversity

making transformative change for diversity, equity and inclusion










vital signs
latest stories
we bring you in-depth reporting about the people and ideas making a difference. 
see all stories






green living
 this valentine’s day, show your love with eco-friendly flowers




 



















explainer
 air and water are not going to protect themselves




 



















analysis
 ban on cancer-linked red food dye shows importance following science




 



















explainer
 what is the paris climate agreement? and why does it matter?




 

























maximize your impact
protecting our planet is a big job — it takes millions of people like you to bring bold solutions to life around the world. your support matters.



give now to protect climate progress
together we will protect and defend the places and communities we love.




 






















another easy way to help

join a powerful force of over 3.5 million allies
get tips on how you can protect the environment
get alerts when there are crucial petitions to sign


email address



















about edf



commitment to diversity


careers


offices







news and resources



news and updates


reports and publications


for the media







members



become a member


take action


contact










twitter




linkedin




instagram




facebook




tiktok




copyright © 2025 environmental defense fund. all rights reserved. privacy statement. terms of use.
environmental defense fund is a nonprofit, tax-exempt charitable organization under section 501(c)(3) of the internal revenue code. donations are tax-deductible as allowed by law. tax identification number 11-6107128.
edf operates with the highest standards of ethics and open, honest communication. read our whistleblower policy or report a concern through our confidential, third-party compliance site.





 
















