


trend hunter - #1 in trends, trend reports, fashion trends, tech, design










































menu

search






ideas
insights
innovation
services
ai
gpt
dashboard
books
keynotes
training
events
categories


about    
log in
search
share







ideas
explore the world's #1 largest database of ideas and innovations, with 485,108 inspiring examples.




trend reports
discover why 1,306 brands rely on our ai-powered trend reports to get better, faster insights.




newsletter
join 102,034 subscribers who rely on our weekly newsletter to keep up with need-to-know trends and insights.




how to hunt
learn more about how to hunt megatrends, ideas, patterns and opportunity.






consumer insights
uncover major shifts and emerging opportunities with our exclusive pro research.




trend reports
discover why 1,306 brands rely on our ai-powered trend reports to get better, faster insights.




newsletter
join 102,034 subscribers who rely on our weekly newsletter to keep up with need-to-know trends and insights.




how to hunt
learn more about how to hunt megatrends, ideas, patterns and opportunity.






advisory & services
accelerate innovation and ignite disruptive thinking with our award-winning programs and research.




trend reports
get fast, customized trend reports, presentations and deep dives 20x faster than traditional research.




plans
get started today with a free consultation, our self-serve tools, or a dedicated program.






articles & magazine
get inspired with our 4,235 innovation strategy articles, keynote, videos and innovation tools.




innovation awards
trend hunter’s innovation strategy awards recognize the best innovation tactics gathered from our interviews with some of the world's most notable business leaders, authors and change makers.




advisory & services
accelerate innovation and ignite disruptive thinking with our award-winning programs and research.




innovation assessment
enhance your innovation potential with a deeper understanding of your unique innovation archetype and how your organization benchmarks.




futuristu
prepare for the years ahead with 100+ lessons, tactics, tools and frameworks with our full learning database.




innovation books
join 20,000,000 people getting better and faster with our new york times bestselling books and keynote videos.






jeremy gutsche
ignite your event or virtual event with our ceo, a ny times bestselling author and one of the top innovation keynote speakers.




our team of speakers & virtual presenters
inspire your group with our most popular speakers on innovation,  trends, change and futurism.




custom training & events
bring the future festival experience directly to your team or co-hosted custom event.






custom masterclasses
join the world's leading brands who leverage our custom programs to accelerate innovation.




futuristu 5-day program 
become a futurist with our immersive 5-day program at future festival world summit.




online elearning
learn the fundamentals of futurism and trends with 100+ online courses about innovation.




how to hunt
learn more about how to hunt megatrends, ideas, patterns and opportunity.






contact
get in touch to learn more, ask a question or submit a tip.




about us
learn more about trend hunter and how we accelerate innovation.




follow-us
join our 3,500,000 social media followers, on the cutting edge.




how to hunt
learn more about how to hunt megatrends, ideas, patterns and opportunity.




faq
get answers to common questions about trend hunter.




community
stay on the cutting-edge with the help of the trend hunter community.




team
meet the team trusted by hundreds of leading businesses worldwide.




jobs
find opportunities to accelerate your career with the #1 trend firm.




news
catch up on noteworthy trend hunter news and media mentions.




join
build a portfolio and put your trend-spotting abilities to the test.




advertising
supercharge your marketing by partnering with trend hunter.






dashboard
track your market, topics and categories. plus, collect favorite articles, build custom lists and filter down to your next opportunity!




portfolio
visit your public portfolio and browse your past articles.




add a trend
write up an article and showcase your trend-spotting skills.




my trends
edit your articles and see how they stack up on the leaderboards.




settings
edit your profile, connect your social media accounts, and more.




login
add a trend, customize your dashboard, or track topics.






future festival innovation events
join the world's top innovators at our in person events.




free webinars
learn to innovate through chaos, navigate the new normal and maintain work culture from home.




custom training & events
bring the future festival experience directly to your team or co-hosted custom event.






all

ai

tech

life

culture

design

ads

business

eco

good

luxury

fashion

bizarre

keynotes





search our database of 485,108 cutting edge ideas.


search






join 102,034 entrepreneurs, innovators and ceos who rely on our weekly trend report to stay ahead of the crowd.you'll get special access to premium content and trend research that cannot be found anywhere else.
view last week's newsletter


subscribe now

follow trend hunter














allaitechlifeculturedesignadsbusinessecogoodluxuryfashionbizarrekeynotes
dashboard
research
keynotes
events









create the future

									spark new ideas with trend hunter ai, the world's #1 largest, most powerful trend platform. we unlock insights with a global network of 383,041 hunters, billions of views, ai and a skilled team of researchers and futurists. join 3,500,000+ on the cutting edge:
								










advisory services
free 2025 trend report











top 20
todayweekmonth

#1: adorably decorated slippers
french knot marks mother's day with stunning embroidered slippers full article















sponsored
future festival valentine’s day promotion
register for tickets to get a free 3-month thgpt trial
celebrate innovation this valentine’s day with an exclusive future festival offer! from february 10–14, 2025, purchase tickets to future festival miami (feb 25–26), future festival new york (june 3–4), or future festival world summit (sept 23–25) and unlock a 3-month extended trial of trend hunter gpt (thgpt)—trend hunter’s revolutionary ai product generator .

powered by the world’s largest consumer trends database, thgpt deliver...more





ideas


lists


videos


photos


insights


show all
the best













sustainable packaging solutions
allen field co. showcased its latest packaging advancements
				allen field co. is considered a leader in sustainable packaging solutions and the company recently showcased its latest advancements at the sustainable manufacturing expo & west pack 2025. with a...
				more








braided cord bracelet collections
kimitake debuted three new designs ahead of v-day
				japanese luxury jewelry brand kimitake expanded its samurai braided cord bracelet collection just in time for valentine’s day. the label introduced three new designs available in both yellow and...
				more








enhanced production facilities
kruger invests $6.5 million to upgrade its wayagamack mill
				kruger inc. has announced a $6.5 million investment to modernize and diversify production at its wayagamack mill in trois-rivières, québec. this thoughtful initiative is supported by a $2.5...
				more








groundbreaking skincare concentrates
vivier debuts the crème 47 luxe concentrate
				premium pharmaceutical skincare brand vivier has introduced a groundbreaking skincare concentrate to celebrate its 25th anniversary. the crème 47 luxe concentrate is designed to address the...
				more








upgraded beauty stick formulas
boom! beauty upgrades the formula and packaging of its boomstick
				boom! beauty has unveiled significant updates to its iconic beauty stick. the boomstick collection now delivers enhanced formulas and sustainable packaging as part of its boom! better beauty...
				more








inaugural designer-led ready-to-wear fashion
atelier victoria’s secret x altuzarra is sensual
				victoria’s secret has unveiled its latest venture — atelier victoria’s secret x altuzarra. this collaboration with celebrated womenswear designer joseph altuzarra marks the brand’s first...
				more








southwestern-inspired boutique hotels
arrive by palisociety expands with arrive albuquerque
				the debut of arrive albuquerque marks a significant expansion for avi brosh’s arrive by palisociety. situated along central avenue — a segment of the iconic route 66 — the hotel occupies a...
				more








sustainable transportation efforts
pet valu added two electric volvo trucks to its logistics fleet
				pet valu, a leading canadian retailer of pet food and supplies, has introduced two volvo vnr electric trucks to its fleet as part of its commitment to sustainable transportation. these class 8...
				more








sustainable campus transportation efforts
the sgef and campus rec at usfsp are improving mobility
				the student green energy fund (sgef) at the university of south florida st. petersburg (usfsp) has partnered with campus recreation to enhance access to sustainable transportation on campus. this...
				more








fully-electric tractor heads
mober released the first electric tractor head in the philippines
				mober, a leading green logistics service provider in the philippines, has introduced the country's first fully electric tractor head truck. this new addition to their fleet is designed to enhance...
				more






data trends by trend hunter ai


insights
ideas
topics
places
events
products
people
brands

1. trinket marketing1. florally peachy cafe drinks1. food1. uk1. future festival 20251. iphone1. maui jim1. nike2. ai projector2. precious chocolate lockets2. ai2. canada2. toronto world summit2. apple watch2. gordon ramsay2. tiktok3. mobile ssd3. premium headwear collections3. cosmetics3. us3. valentine's day3. mac3. becky g3. starbucks4. revived analog4. romantic elegance-inspired fashion capsules4. drinking4. london4. easter4. pro4. willy chavarria4. adidas5. compostable phone5. qualitative data analytics5. branding5. japan5. music festival5. cream5. rick owens5. sephora6. sweet bun6. automated seo tools6. health6. miami6. reading and leeds6. capsule elite6. tom dixon6. lego7. silicone sponge7. rapid photo visualizers7. shoes7. toronto7. mother's day7. descent g27. executive vice president7. apple8. hyperlocal evolution8. educational valentine's campaigns8. design8. new york8. hanami8. box8. post malone8. instagram9. filtered focus9. humanized ai content9. games9. united states9. lpga of japan tour9. n109. cecilie bahnsen9. youtube10. automated laundry10. gilded valentine's day smartphones10. home10. los angeles10. beneath the surface10. japan10. emi jay10. tajin


sports streaming


major streaming services evolve to offer better options for sports fans
trend - though streaming services like netflix, hulu, paramount + and more have transformed consumers' relationships with television, they have yet to crack the code on live events. that is, until, the recent rise of sports-specific streaming partners and services. expanding programming into these areas ensures larger viewership, especially around huge events like the super bowl.

insight - the target demographic for live sporting events has changed in recent years; take, for example, the super bowl -- between rihanna's halftime show and taylor swift's much-covered relationship with kansas city chiefs tight end travis kelce, the event has begun to attract more than just football fans. this introduces an opportunity for not just increased eyeballs, but additional merchandising and programming. as streaming services develop into production houses and even media conglomerates, their ability to seize these opportunities becomes irresistible.


workshop question - how can we leverage changing audience demographics and expanding media capabilities to innovate our offerings?
								

trend themes
industry implications
read more






5.3
score

popularityactivityfreshness







patterns
megatrends







super bowl streaming services
tubi is streaming the 2025 super bowl through its free platform
				tubi, a free, ad-supported streaming service, has announced that it will be streaming the 2025 super bowl on its platform. known for its expansive library of movies and tv shows, tubi also works to...
				more








sports-only streaming services
directv is adding the 'mysports' streaming app to its services
				mysports is a new sports-only streaming service launched by directv, aimed at providing sports enthusiasts with a tailored viewing experience. the service offers a selection of 40 sports and...
				more








livestream football apps
the nfl officially launches its streaming service called 'nfl+'
				the national football league has launched its highly-anticipated streaming service called nfl+, which to start will only be available on mobile devices. 

of course, the app is being released ahead...
				more








live streamed sports games
roku is streaming major league baseball sunday leadoff games
				roku is exclusively streaming major league baseball sunday leadoff games that kick off on may 19th between st. louis cardinals and the boston red sox. the game is airing live on the roku channel...
				more










circular manufacturing programmes
the eu's horizon europe program funded 'diameter project'
				the diameter project, funded by the european union’s horizon europe program, aims to demonstrate a sustainable circular-by-design manufacturing system based on additive manufacturing. the project...
				more








net-zero target commitments
basf is targeting net-zero emissions across its portfolio by 2050
				basf has set ambitious goals to reduce its scope 3.1 emissions by 15% across its entire portfolio by 2030 and achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. scope 3.1 emissions refer to...
				more








sustainable battery manufacturing platforms
sakuu aims to revolutionize battery production
				sakuu's kavian® platform is designed to revolutionize battery manufacturing by introducing a sustainable, dry-process technology for printing battery electrodes. this innovative platform supports...
				more








tropical stevia-sweetened juices
ocean spray zero sugar tropical punch juice drink is refreshing
				ocean spray zero sugar tropical punch juice drink is being added to the brand's existing zero sugar range as a refreshing beverage option that's crafted with flavor and nutrition in mind. the drink...
				more








all-in-one 3d content projectors
the black warrior 4k uhd laser projector offers immersive visuals
				the black warrior 4k uhd laser projector has been engineered as an all-in-one multimedia solution created with immersive content in mind to provide viewers with the ultimate way to enjoy their...
				more








edible wrapper snack bars
one good thing bars have a no-waste formulation
				snack and protein bars have become very popular but are often wrapped in a foil, paper or plastic wrapper that needs to be disposed of after being opened, which is something the one good thing bars...
				more








urbanite worm compost systems
the 'revermi' vermicomposter by sam kauranen is easy to use
				the conceptual 'revermi' vermicomposter has been designed by sam kauranen as a stylish piece of equipment for urbanites to keep in their home as a way to dispose of organics and expedite the...
				more








coconut shell charcoal productions
jacobi group invests in sustainable coconut charcoal production
				jacobi group has invested in sustainable coconut shell charcoal production as part of its broader "go green" initiative. this initiative aims to replace products based on coal and other fossil...
				more








off-grid exploration hiking sneakers
the danner trail junction sneakers are casually rugged
				the danner trail junction sneakers are a new casual footwear style created by the brand with performance, comfort and style in mind to work well for modern explorers. the shoes are construct with a...
				more








modernized cement plant operations
lafarge canada and abb are improving cement sustainability
				lafarge canada, a member of the holcim group, has selected abb to update the process control system at its bath cement plant in kingston, ontario. this modernization initiative is part of lafarge's...
				more








digital pet board games
tamagotchi collections is for two to four players
				the tamagotchi collections board game is a pastime created with the digital pet toys in mind to offer avid or amateur fans alike with a new way to interact with the tamagotchi universe. the board...
				more








eco-focused chemical partnerships
lg chem is working with acies bio to foster sustainability
				lg chem and acies bio have announced a strategic collaboration to advance sustainable production of chemicals. this partnership leverages acies bio’s onecarbonbio™ microbial platform, which...
				more








exclusive scent sample sets
the uncrate x heretic fragrance discovery set has five scents
				the uncrate x heretic fragrance discovery set has been created by the fragrance brand exclusively for the men's product buying guide as a way for consumers to find their next scent in a simple way....
				more








shelf-stable herb expansions
edible garden's 'squeezables' enhance sustainability efforts
				edible garden ag incorporated has expanded its squeezables line, a new range of shelf-stable, stir-in paste herbs designed to redefine fresh flavor. the company's pilot production was successful,...
				more








black comedy cosmetic collections
the white x lotus kiehl's resort reset collection is celebratory
				the white x lotus kiehl's resort reset collection has been created in partnership between the cosmetic brand and warner bros. discovery global consumer products as a range of personal care products...
				more







view more







about us & contact     
						innovation keynote speaker     
						best innovation conference     
						custom trend reports


trends ⓒ 2025  trend hunter inc.        
						terms of use, copyright info & privacy policy











