






unc kenan-flagler business school
















skip to content
skip to programs navigation













































































































 



apply


undergraduate


master of accounting


full time mba


evening executive mba


weekend executive mba


charlotte executive mba


online mba


phd




give



search


























home


about


faculty


research


news


events


alumni




programs


undergraduate business


master of accounting


mba programs


phd program


executive development






recruiters and companies


current students


give to unc kenan-flagler
































make an impact for a better world.
transform your skills and yourself to lead the future of business.  





get ready.
prepare for success in any field with rigorous, hands-on learning. 





become an asset.
how can deep accounting skills and knowledge power your career. 





inspire. execute. lead.
master the knowledge to accelerate your career. 





curiosity, applied.
generate the evidence that will transform the field. 






undergraduate
master of accounting
mba
phd










work for something
even bigger than success.
at unc kenan-flagler you learn to lead for a better world. our values-driven culture, commitment to real-world learning experiences and deep expertise with today’s increasingly unpredictable business dynamics ready you for long-term career success.


 




 











custom leadership development for your organization grounded in the latest research, our cohort-based programs build your leaders’ capabilities and equip them with practical skills they can immediately apply to your organization.
learn more about unc executive development





 










making summer matter. unc kenan-flagler is launching the tar heel business academy, a week-long pre-college summer program for high-school students at our charlotte campus.
learn more about the tar heel business academy





 










business for life. you’ll keep learning.
you’ll stay relevant.
you’ll make connections.
you’ll join a family like no other.
explore what makes unc kenan-flagler special





 






top stories

view all 














the limits of leniency
how leaders respond to employee misconduct matters.  











welcome our new faculty members
join us in welcoming our newest faculty members to unc kenan-flagler. they are excited to contribute to our tradition of excellence in teaching, research a...











going for the goal
former unc soccer star darcy mcfarlane (bsba ’16) is combining her passion for sports and talent for marketing into a dream career at nike.











this website uses cookies and similar technologies to understand visitor experiences. by using this website, you consent to unc-chapel hill's cookie usage in accordance with their privacy notice.

i accept







top
























© 2025 unc kenan-flagler business school




contact us
institute/centers
star
branding guide
kenan-flagler myke
ubp intranet


admitted students
working at unc kenan-flagler
subscribe to newsletter
accessibility
privacy







give to kenan-flagler
go to unc.edu





 

 


 


  



© 2025 unc kenan-flagler business school






 


