






apm buildings














    









 


pole buildings

residential garages
agricultural buildings
attic storage buildings
horse barns
lean-to buildings
3-sided buildings
wood buildings
custom quote


pricing

pricing catalog
custom quote
order samples
ordering process


projects
info.

building options 
paint colors
warranty 
sample building plans 
product information 
builder locator 


diy guide

getting started 
builder codes 
glossary 


about 

our history
manufacturing
trusses by apm
endura metal by apm
tuff-posts by apm
t&g boards by apm


contact












          apm buildings is a leading supplier & manufacture of
 pole buildings kits & components delivered right to you

 pole building kits 



 



pole building kits shipped directly to you
 building kits



 residential garages 


agricultural buildings 


attic storage buildings 


horse barns 


lean-to buildings 


3-sided buildings 


wood buildings 


custom quote 










what exactly do we do?
we offer pole building kits

apm buildings is a leading supplier of pole building kits in the mid-atlantic. at apm buildings our job is to help you choose the right building. we are proud to design & manufacture our own posts, trusses, metal roofing, and siding - which we package all together to create and deliver quality buildings directly to you. 




we design buildings 




we provide plans




we manufacture components




we deliver it all to you










our customer project
 success stories











1 gambrel attic pole building
easy access, plenty of room, paired with a classic look.








2 standard pole building
building for extra storage with natural lighting.








3 pole barn with porch
a beautiful shelter to keep goats out of bad weather.










apm buildings takes pride in working with customers to bring their pole building dreams & needs to reality.
through the years we've worked with many customers to help deliver the best building for the job. be it a standard pole building, garage kit, or a customized combination of the two styles, apm buildings will always be happy to work with you to design a building custom tailored to suit your needs now and in the future. click the button below to explore a few of the buildings we've had the pleasure to help make a reality over the past years.
 view all projects 






ready to create your own building?
contact apm today!
apm buildings will always be happy to work with you to design a building custom tailored to suit your needs now and in the future. start your building project today by calling us at 888-261-2488 or sending us an email directly.


  call us!
 email us! 










apm buildings



 44 gettysburg street | arendtsville, pa 17303
 monday thru friday 7:00am - 4:00pm





 call us 888.261.2488 

  email us directly!
  sitemap















 copyright © apm buildings  - all rights reserved. 
          developed by   cre8tive logic 







