
















homepage | nation law











      skip to main content
    










call us now 1(800)nation-law

1(877)324-7071

se habla espanol



























home


about



our firm


our attorneys


videos

 

practice areas



insurance claims


motor vehicle accidents


personal injury


slip and fall


wrongful death


see all

 

our results



verdicts and settlements


testimonials

 

blog



florida insurance blog


personal injury blog

 

contact us





















injured?
              

            wrongful death?


mark nation can help.

            


call us 1(877)324-7071
free case review













you owe it to yourself to see our results











homepage





we're committed to helping you win


$18.2
million

 tobacco litigation (engle progeny case)

        our client sued rj reynolds and philip morris for contributing to causing his deceased wifes copd. we admitted that our...


    


$10.7
million

$10.7 million

        mr. nation was retained to represent a corporate client that had significant storm damage to its properties. the insurance company...


    


$5.4
million

 fork lift accident

        our clients foot was run over by a fork lift, causing a severe foot injury. the driver of the fork...


    


$5.0
million

 defective product

        client died as a result of a defectively designed product.


    


$4.75
million

  consumer protection

        customers were being overcharged for certain consumer products because of illegal price fixing.


    


$4.3
million

 premises liability

        client killed from release of toxic gas.


    


$3.5
million

 defective product

        clients child was killed by a defectively designed product.


    


$3.2
million

 construction site negligence: john doe v. general contractor

        client severely injured on construction site.


    


$3.2
million

 negligence: john doe v. traffic engineer, general contractor, county

        minor client severely injured as a result of defectively designed and constructed traffic light.


    


$3.2
million

 workers compensation: injured worker v. roofing contractor

        client severely injured when he fell through a skylight.


    


$3.0
million

 medical malpractice: jane doe v. hospital and doctor

        failure to timely perform c-section causing brain damage to fetus.


    


$2.8
million

 road construction defect

        client was severely injured in a trucking accident which occurred in a road construction site. the accident was due to...


    



see our results








to protect and serve

            accomplished orlando lawyers fighting for your rights
          

            we're committed to helping injury victims and family members in wrongful death cases recover
            financially from serious accidents
          









            as a trial lawyer, i have had the privilege of representing thousands of people through very difficult times. i know and understand what you are going through and i am committed to my clients."
          
attorney mark nation
founder of the nation law firm




you can count on us
experience our difference








get a free case evaluation












first name



last name



phone number



zip code



e-mail



- case type -
- case type -airbag injuryanimal attackbirth injurybusiness disputecar accidentchildhood sex abusecivil rightsclass actiondangerous drugsdata breachdefective productsemployment issueenvironmental issuesgardasilgeorgia biolab disasterhair relaxerhurt at workinsurance disputemaui wildfiremedical injurymesotheliomanursing homeotherother injuryproduct injuryslip & fallsocial media harmsocial securitytepezzatrip and fallunpaid wages/earningsveteran disabilityweight loss drugworkplace discrimination


please describe what happened






i hereby expressly consent to receive automated communications including calls, texts, emails, and/or prerecorded messages.by submitting this form, you agree to our terms & acknowledge our privacy policy.














extra info













we're your trusted partner
you can count on the nation law firm



































footer menu


home


terms of use


privacy policy



your privacy choices.




            © 2025 the nation law firm. all rights reserved. 
            570 crown oak centre drive, longwood, florida, 32750
           


attorney advertising. please note that you are not considered a client until you have signed a retainer agreement
            and your case has been accepted by us. prior results do not guarantee or predict a similar outcome with respect to any future matter.
            the information contained on this web site is not medical advice and is not intended to be medical advice.
            nor is it a substitute for seeking appropriate medical, or other professional advice.
            your privacy choices.



















