









paradise island foods






































































our products
recipes
find us
fundraising
contact us


 


select page


  
 
 















new look
get $1.00 off coupon








grilled chicken caprese sandwich
get the recipe








fresh veggie pizza
get the recipe








lactose-free cheese board
get the recipe




















where it began
since 1978, paradise island foods has strived to make various food products more accessible to vancouver island residents.
while accessibility remains a priority, our focus has shifted to providing natural and organic dairy options in response to our customer’s evolving needs.







paradise island takes pride in—and inspiration from—the tranquil pace and environmentally progressive nature of vancouver island and its residents.













staying true to our roots, our passion for quality extends to our concern for the environment.
our production and distribution practices are environmentally responsible and we’ve replaced our trucks with a low-emissions fleet to deliver you quality without compromise.















it’s not always easy, but it’s rewarding
we’re proud of the role we play in the global effort towards building a healthier world.













our commitment to you helps us stay rigorous in our search for innovative ways to bring responsibly produced, high-quality food to every canadian table.













what makes us different











made with 100% canadian milk.









family owned and operated.









no modified milk ingredients, antibiotics, growth hormones, artificial preservatives fillers, gluten or animal rennet.











organic cheese alternatives available.









quality products at accessible prices.









environmentally conscious production and distribution methods.



 












would you like to learn about our cheeses, get delicious recipes and coupons?
sign-up to paradise island foods e-newsletter
name*


first



last

email*

emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  





























we’re close by.

find paradise island products at a store near you.

find a store







have a question about our products or want to get in touch?

contact us





a bothwell inc. brand







© paradise island foods inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy | terms of service



 










we use cookies and scripts to provide you with the best browsing experience, personalise content of our site, and analyse its traffic. see our privacy policy for more information


agreei understand
i only agree to statistics
settings
decline
close

consent id:  consent date: 
powered by wp full picture pro

 














































