






frank murphy














































 


skip to content



menubiobone zonespodcastspeaking requests
 





homepagenewframe2024-09-06t00:38:52+00:00 
improviser on-air, on stage and online
hi, i’m frank murphy, a television and radio host in knoxville, tennessee.you may have seen me as the host of tennessee scholars’ bowl or up close with frank murphy on east tennessee pbs and you may have heard me on the radio on fun 105.9.
i hope you’ll subscribe to my podcast, the frank & friends show on youtube. you can also listen to it on your favorite podcast app.
i’m available to give presentations about the books written by my friend dr. bill bass, the famous forensic anthropologist and creator of the body farm.
i’m working on a book that will be a collection of anecdotes mostly from my broadcasting career. i was fortunate to work at some popular radio stations like wava, kroq, and klos, which gave me lots of memorable experiences.
read my full biowhat’s frank up to these days? 











podcast




if you enjoyed frank’s stories on morning radio, you’ll enjoy the frank & friends show on youtube or your favorite podcast app. frank is joined by one of his friends to talk about all the quirky things that happen when he’s around.



                                            subscribe                                        














scholars’ bowl




the 40th season of tennessee scholars’ bowl, which aired in 2024, marked frank murphy’s eighth season as host. reruns of the show air regularly on east tennessee pbs and other pbs affiliates around the state.



                                            learn more                                        














radio




frank spent a good portion of his career working in radio, both behind the scenes and on the air. frank can currently be heard on weekday afternoons in the knoxville area on fun 105.9, a station playing classic hits of the ’70s and ’80s.



                                            frank’s radio history                                        














up close




up close with frank murphy airs once a month on east tennessee pbs. the show gives frank the opportunity to have a half-hour one-on-one conversation with fascinating people in east tennessee.



                                            view past episodes                                        






frank is available to give presentations on dr. bill bass, creator of the body farm. to schedule an appearance, contact susan seals.learn moretestimonials 




“frank murphy recently spoke about the ut body farm at our women’s organization meeting. it was standing room only (over 100 people) and everyone was completely enthralled with his presentation. frank made a serious, sometimes morbid, topic enjoyable and educational. dr. bass couldn’t have selected a better spokesman for his achievements.”



nancy gaul |


president |


tellico village kahite women’s organization







“frank has been master of ceremonies for the east tennessee writers hall of fame since 2019. he is a pleasure to work with and makes sure the program keeps moving smoothly. frank is always well-prepared but can pivot if something unexpected occurs. i highly recommend him.”



teresa brittain |


executive director |


friends of literacy







“give him the microphone and frank will own the crowd. he’s witty, engaging, clever, knows the scene and then goes to work making it look easy.”



fr. michael woods |


pastor |


st. francis of assisi parish







“frank murphy is the epitome of a seasoned media personality. he is articulate, affable, and polished. his charisma and eloquence make him a perfect host, and he is an asset to any event. frank is a credit to his profession.”



carroll mcmahan |


author |


historian and event organizer






blog 







instagram s’mores are heating up!


instagram has figured out that i slow my scroll when marshmallows are involved. i’ve always loved marshmallows and used to jokingly refer to myself as a marshmallowaholic. i’m easily satisfied by plain marshmallows. i....



read more












it’s not what you think!


are any of you blessed with the 17-year cicadas in your area? brood xiii, the northern illinois brood is emerging in 2024, as are the 13-year cicadas of brood xix, the great southern brood.....



read more




frankly speaking.sign up for the monthly mailing list for tips, tricks, insight, improv and more!


untitled(required) email(required)


 














 
 
©2024 | all rights reserved


 
 
page load link


















go to top




