




digital transformation solutions & services | software ag



















































         software ag no longer operates as a stock corporation, but as software gmbh (company with limited liability). despite the change of name, we continue to offer our goods and services under the registered trademarks .
      


read more







































					
					products
						








back

					






		what do you want to do today?
	











enterprise applications


use adabas & natural to build and deploy high-performance applications on ibm z®, linux or cloud while connecting seamlessly to the latest innovations.
















business process management & process mining



use aris to streamline your processes, gain complete control over your business ops—and become a champion of efficiency.





















data virtualization & movement



use connx to easily access, virtualize and move your data—wherever it is, however it’s structured—to power new apps, analytics, ai and hybrid cloud.
















looking for something else?


we will work with you to help you solve your next digital transformation challenge. let’s talk!

















			what makes us different
		















one partner, unlimited potential 


in this multi-cloud, ecosystem-driven world, you can't afford to work with one-hit wonders. see where we rank across categories in gartner magic quadrant reports.













					
					resources
						








back

					







        explore










blog



what's new and noteworthy in digital transformation










developer center




a one-stop-shop for developer resources










communities




connect and collaborate with your peers










upcoming webinars & events




expert guidance on tech trends and tactics










education & training




learn and get certified on our products










news center




the latest news and media resources








        learn







resource library








customer stories








on-demand webinars









free trials









articles









demos









datasheets









videos









white papers












		hot off the press
	









aris is a leader in the 2024 gartner® magic quadrant™ for process mining platforms



read the report











compare vendors in the 2024 gartner® magic quadrant™ for industrial iot platforms



read the report












					
					customers
						








back

					















customer stories











services











support











education & training











trust portal
















community











support portal











global ambassador program











		featured
	















read real stories of digital transformation from real customers.


read all customer stories

















get the most from your product through an intensive engagement with our team of services experts.



see our fast track services












					
					partners
						








back

					







        for partners










become a partner










sign into partner hub









        looking for a partner?










partner program overview










find a partner











		featured
	

















our partners are your partners


tap the software ag partner ecosytem to bring your next big idea to life.













					
					developers
						








back

					















developer center










tech community











user groups










documentation & learning











free trials











		featured
	















collaborate (and connect!) with your peers. ask and answer questions in our tech community.


visit tech community

















get everything you need to get the most out of your products, all in one place.


access the developer center













region changer







































selecting a region changes the language and/or content of this page.










                            international
                            (english)




                            brasil | 
portuguese




                            france | 
french




                            deutschland | 
german




                            日本語 | 
japanese




                            대한민국 | 
korean




                            españa | 
spanish











schedule a demo






contact us


















































 adabas & natural

do more with your core applications



trust the applications you've run on for decades—but modernize them for the decades to come. 











schedule a demo




meet the platform






































 connx

your data integration solution


see why analysts rank us a champion among pure-play data integration vendors.











schedule a demo




meet the platform
















































%







                the percentage of data breaches that involve internal actors.




maximize security
 



























k







                the number of enterprises that are making digital transformation happen. want to know how?




read their stories
 



























%







                the percentage of it decision makers that say technical debt has increased in the last year.




read the research
 



























         what can we help you with today?
      



try for free











schedule a demo











meet our professional services team


















































adabas & natural


enterprise applications



                get more out of your enterprise systems. develop, modernize and deploy your mission-critical applications on ibm z® systems, linux® or cloud while connecting seamlessly to the latest innovations.




learn about adabas & natural
 







































connx


data virtualization & movement



                use connx to easily access, virtualize and move your data—wherever it is, however it’s structured—to power new apps, analytics, ai and hybrid cloud.




learn about connx
 





























         want to try for yourself? be our guest.
      






































                    build modern applications faster
                



develop high-performance applications in a modern devops environment
run on-prem, in the cloud or hybrid
connect seamlessly with new innovations





try adabas & natural community edition





see how deljis uses adabas & natural































         if our customers can do it, you can too.
      










































deljis: keeping delaware safe with one criminal justice system
deljis has continuously modernized their it—while relying on the rock-solid security and resiliency of its ibm z platform to host decades of sensitive, highly regulated criminal justice data in software ag’s adabas database.




read their story

































tel aviv stock exchange (tase) customer story
with software ag, tase modernized & adopted devops for 10,000+ natural programs & adabas databases that process 300,000+ clearing & settlement transactions per day.




read their story

































application modernization case study | aafmaa
learn how aafmaa chose software ag’s application modernization with adabas & natural to lower costs while also enabling them to better attract new members.




read their story

































va dmv: from legacy to leading edge with a modernized mainframe
discover how the virginia dmv modernized its mainframe with software ag, streamlining operations, integrating apis, and improving customer satisfaction.




read their story

































ensuring business continuity with adabas & natural at tryg
adabas & natural maintains tryg’s core insurance systems, mitigates skills shortages via outsourcing and education, and ensures seamless integration with its 2050+ strategy. 




read their story
















































         just browsing? here are some good reads.
      










































datasheet


future-proof your mission-critical apps with adabas & natural 2050+



                transform legacy applications while optimizing costs, modernizing development, and attracting new talent. adabas & natural 2050+ helps you balance innovation with efficiency.




read datasheet
 

































white paper


mainframe data integration for digital innovation and cloud analytics



                leverage your mainframe data to make better decisions and serve customers. the right approach to a hybrid architecture allows seamless operations between on-premises applications and cloud platforms.




read white paper
 

































webinar


access, analytics & ai: the 3 a's of mainframe data demands



                explore secure access, analytics, and ai for mainframe data. learn scalable, no-code solutions that transform data management without sacrificing performance.




watch webinar
 

































datasheet


adabas & natural managed services



                overcome workforce challenges and optimize your adabas & natural environment with software ag managed services.




read datasheet
 






























 




let's stay in touch.

sign up to receive our newsletter
















or try one of our free trials












































welcome









                analysts
            



                developers
            



                investors
            



                partners
            



                press
            



                government
            



                job seekers
            






discover









                about software ag
            



                services
            



                training
            



                resource library
            



                blog
            



                trust portal
            



                research
            



                sustainability/esg
            



                industry awards
            






connect









                contact us
            



                get support
            



                find a partner
            



                join a community
            



                attend an event
            



                subscribe to updates
            



                find us
            



                connect with user groups
            



                reporting system
            











                    reality check 2024: a new wave of technology chaos
                

                    a chaos of connectivity is putting businesses at risk
                














the name software ag and all software ag product names are either trademarks or registered trademarks of software ag and/or its subsidiaries and/or its affiliates and/or their licensors. other company and product names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective owners.













© 2020-2025 software gmbh

social responsibility


terms of use


imprint


privacy


responsible disclosure policy



cookie preferences 
















































































































































ics


jpg


pdf


wrd


xls







