















health services






















ou homepage
search ou
the university of oklahoma





skip navigation
health services














































 






your healthcare on campus






the mission of ou health services is to support the academic goals of the university community by delivering high quality health care and prevention education.





ou health services at goddard health center offers the convenience of an on-campus location and the commitment of a high-quality primary care staff to students, faculty, staff, and their dependents aged 12 and older. ou health services is within the division of student affairs at the university of oklahoma norman campus.




 








goddard health center



click the link below for after hours care.

phone: (405) 325-4611
hours: monday - friday, 8 a.m. – 5 p.m.
emergency: if there is an immediate medical emergency, call 911
after hours care



 








clinic updates





bullhorn




international students! check out our resources here!





flu shots available. call 405-325-4441 to schedule an appointment. more info here.
2024-25 moderna covid vaccine is now available. call 405-325-4441 to schedule an appointment. more info here.
 







online appointment booking
we now offer online appointment scheduling. to schedule an appointment online, set up your account on healthconnection.ou.edu. you can book through the appointments tab (calendar icon).
book an appointment online







please let us know how we can improve our services!
take this quick 2-minute survey to tell us about your patient visit. 
patient satisfaction survey



 








quick links



  




make an appointment









access medical records









visit the pharmacy




  




mental health services









insurance & billing









presentations & outreach




  



services
we offer laboratory services, x-rays, physical therapy, travel consultations, and more.
 
learn about our services








costs
contact your insurance carrier to discuss your plan coverage details and out-of-pocket costs. 
 
view costs






subscribe to our newsletter!
* indicates required
 
email address *  
 
 

 








 














job opportunities



we are almost always looking to hire new staff and student assistants. all jobs are posted at jobs.ou.edu.



 








social media & events





facebook: ou health services





skip facebook widget

 





twitter: @goddardhealthou




tweets by ou health services 





instagram: @ouhealthservices




        view this profile on instagram            ou health services (@ouhealthservices) • instagram photos and videos 

  









affiliations

























 













 ou health services 

          620 elm ave
norman, ok 73019
        


  





accessibility
sustainability
hipaa
ou job search
policies
legal notices
copyright
resources and offices
ou report it!

        updated 2/13/2025 by ou health services: goddard@ou.edu




















