




fau erlangen-nürnberg


















































 



skip navigation
skip to navigation
skip to the bottom







simulate organization breadcrumb open




simulate organization breadcrumb close





friedrich-alexander-universität erlangen-nürnberg  







please enter the search term for searching into the documents of this website:


 suche öffnen




deutschstudoncampofaudircareeruniklinikumuniversity library







friedrich-alexander-universität erlangen-nürnberg 


navigation
navigation close

faunewswelcome to faustrategy and objectiveshistory and remembrancecampus locations at fausite development at fauorganisation and committeeslegal regulationsfinding your way around: contacts and directionsfaculties and organisational unitsfacultiesuniversitätsklinikum erlangencentral research institutionscollaboration and partnershipsfaupeoplestudentsemployeesresearchersalumniworking at faujobs at fauprofessorshipsenergy technology and technical building servicesvocational training at fautraining and career development at faugender/diversity/familynew at fau/onboarding/incomingoffboarding/outgoingpeopleeducationstudent orientationdegree programs on offerapplication and enrollmentapplication and enrolment for internationalsadvice and servicesstudy organisationtips for getting started at fausemester datesre-registration and semester contributiondegree programme and examination regulations (link to our german website)internationalinformation for international applicantsgoing abroadstudent lifeteaching at faueducationresearchresearch profileresponsible researchcollaborative researcheu collaborative projectsdfg projectsfederal projectscollaborative research in bavariaoutstanding individual researchgottfried wilhelm leibniz prizealexander von humboldt professorshiperc grantsheinz maier-leibnitz prizeresearch projects and partnershipsmax planck institutesfraunhofer instituteshelmholtz institute erlangen-nürnbergenergie campus nürnbergnuremberg campus of technologymedical valleywelcome center for international researchersearly career supportdoctoral degrees at fauservice for young academicsservices for researchersadvice for third-party funded projectspublications and research dataresearch information systemscience communicationfauconnectresearchoutreacheventsinventions and patentsintellectual property (ip) policy of fauservice for inventorsinnovation and start-upspartnerships and collaborationsinnovation platforms and networksconsulting services for start-upsprofessional developmentdonationsfau innovation funddeutschlandstipendium (germany scholarship)fau for companies and organisationsscience for citizensfau shoppress officeoutreach 








 




many different ways – one destination: studying at fau





 




shaping the future – pushing boundaries: research at fau





 




encouraging an entrepreneurial spirit: innovation at fau







stop slider





prospective studentsstudentsresearchersstaffalumnicompaniespress 



                        landing page                    

news








research with hops: more than the heart and soul of a beer








hops are not only an essential raw material for brewing beer, but have also been valued as a medicinal plant since ancient times. this is the starting point for fau researchers luisa kober and marco dürsch, who are investigating the positive effects of hops.continue












photovoltaics: highly relevant basic research








photovoltaic systems play an important role in sustainable energy generation. chemists phillip greißel and dominik thiel from fau are researching how this process can be optimized. their findings could contribute to the development of a new generation of solar cells.continue












astroparticle physics: record-breaking neutrino detected








the km3net neutrino telescope off the coast of sicily recently registered a neutrino with an estimated energy of around 220 million billion electron volts - a value that has not yet been recorded for neutrinos.continue







news portal

study at fau for a promising futurechoose from over 280 degree programslearn more









studying at fau

with more than 280 degree programs, fau offers an inspiring learning environment, student community and numerous opportunities to discover your passion. a lively metropolitan region with plenty of places to go out and get to know other students and breathtaking natural surroundings for outdoor activities awaits you. choose your future. fau is the right choice for your academic career.

study portal











research at fau

fau is a full-spectrum university with a long tradition of research. long-standing partnerships with international research institutions such as max planck, fraunhofer and helmholtz give staff and students the opportunity to look beyond the boundaries of their own subjects, network with others and consider questions from different perspectives. fau encourages its members to think in every direction. this diversity makes fau one of germany’s leading research universities.


research portal












working at fau

fau is one of the largest employers in the nuremberg metropolitan region. spread over the three cities of erlangen, nuremberg and fürth, our university is the perfect location for research, studying and working, with more than 14,000 members of staff. fau is always looking for talent in all areas, who are prepared to dedicate themselves to their work at fau with passion, creativity and commitment. our job vacancies might have just what you’re looking for.


career portal



discover fau’s strength in innovationin the spotlight: zollhof - tech incubatorshaping innovation

get to know fau





























upcoming events at fau

23aprstart of lectures in the summer semester 202507may10:00 am – 5:30 pmethnographic writing workshop: weaving the world by paul stollerseminar room 0.235, hartmannstr. 14, building d1, erlangen
19junjune 19, 2025 – june 22, 2025festival „arena… of the young arts”erlangen
20junjune 19, 2025 – june 22, 2025festival „arena… of the young arts”erlangen
21junjune 19, 2025 – june 22, 2025festival „arena… of the young arts”erlangen
25julend of lectures in the summer semester 2025

more events





























display external content
at this point content of an external provider (source: youtube) is integrated. when displaying, data may be transferred to third parties or cookies may be stored, therefore your consent is required.
you can find more information and the possibility to revoke your consent in our privacy policy.
i agree






























more fau videos



 
 
 




 





 





contact
press office
intranet
what to do in an emergency
reporting errors
imprint
privacy
accessibility
 
instagramtiktokblueskymastodonyoutubefacebookxinglinkedinfau communitythreads 


up





























