





ridenow gainesville: powersports dealer in gainesville, fl





































































®


































































skip to main content




toggle navigation





 









4820 nw 13th street gainesville, fl 32609





352-376-2637



gainesville






españolenglish





search

go










inventory

showroom
all inventory
new inventory
pre-owned inventory
clearance inventory

sell / trade your vehicle

can-am®
sea-doo® watercraft



finance

6 months deferred interest*


apply now
get pre-qualified
get an insurance quote 

oem promotions
what's my buying power



service

service department


free tire install request
winterize your motorcycle
need cash for your ride?



parts & accessories

parts department
parts request
free tire install request



info

about us
map & hours
schedule an appointment
vin check

employment


newsletter signup

reviews

perks


contact us






ridenow powersports

4820 nw 13th street
 gainesville, fl 32609
us

phone: 352-376-2637
email: gainesvillewebsales@ridenow.com,pstrebbing@ridenow.com,nrqjgksa@mailparser.io

fax:
			














get out and ride now

search our inventory of hundreds of new & pre-owned models.

search

go









can-am. farmers and ranchers can get a rebate of up to $2,000 with the purchase of several can-am atvs and sxss. certain conditions apply. get offer.can-am. farmers and ranchers can get a rebate of up to $2,000 with the purchase of several can-am atvs and sxss. certain conditions apply. get offer.
yamaha. up to $3000 customer cash on select models. get out and ride sales event.yamaha. up to $3000 customer cash on select models. get out and ride sales event.
honda. up to $1,500 bonus bucks on select 2024 and prior model year talons. see offer terms.honda. up to $1,500 bonus bucks on select 2024 and prior model year talons. see offer terms.
cash offer - ride in. cash out.ridenow gainesville - new &amp; used powersport vehicles, service, and parts in gainesville, fl, near high springs, ocala, palatka, and cross city
free tire install - with the purchase of any in-stock tires. bring in your estimates & we will match the priceridenow gainesville - new &amp; used powersport vehicles, service, and parts in gainesville, fl, near high springs, ocala, palatka, and cross city








previous



pause



next










new inventory
shop now




pre-owned
shop now





sell us or trade
your vehicle


















motorcycles
view models





side x sides
view models





atv
view models





watercraft
view models











ridenow powersportsgainesville

+ read more







shop by manufacturerour brands




honda® 





suzuki 





yamaha 






can-am® off-road 





sea-doo 





spyder® 





ryker™ 





scarab ™ 






kayo® 





ducati 





segway 





ssr 





benelli 






motorcycle & powersports dealer in gainesville, fl
welcome to ridenow gainesville, the go-to destination for powersports enthusiasts in gainesville, fl. our dealership has every type of powersports machine riders can look for, offering a diverse range of atvs, boats, electric motorcycles, motorcycles, pwcs, scooters, side-x-sides, and utvs. we feature leading powersports and motorcycle brands like can-am, sea-doo, yamaha, honda, and suzuki.
located in gainesville, we also cater to customers in nearby areas, including jacksonville, orlando, tampa, spring hill, and ocala. ridenow gainesville is dedicated to delivering powerful new and used vehicles and a complete powersports experience with our service, parts, and financing centers. get ready to rev up your engines and hit the road, water, or trails with confidence and style.
used and new powersports machines in gainesville
explore the ultimate riding experience with ridenow gainesville's extensive collection of new and used powersports vehicles. our showroom is stocked with the classic and latest models from segway, kayo, benelli, ducati, zero, scarab, and more. our pre-owned vehicles offer reliability on a budget, with each vehicle rigorously inspected for your peace of mind.
whether you're in the market for the sleekness of a motorcycle, the excitement of a jet-ski, or the versatility of an atv or side-by-side, we have the perfect machine for your riding needs. check out our online inventory today and find your ideal powersports vehicle.
accessible powersports financing
embark on your powersports journey with ease, thanks to ridenow gainesville's flexible financing options. our finance center is equipped to provide various financing solutions tailored to your budget. applying online is straightforward, ensuring a hassle-free process to owning your dream ride.
whether browsing from home or seeking in-person guidance, we are ready to assist you all the way. start your online application here and get your desired powersports model.
reliable service and parts center
our commitment to your powersports experience relies on our quality service. our service and parts centers are ready to provide all your maintenance and customization needs. we specialize in brands like suzuki and honda while offering comprehensive services and a vast selection of genuine parts and accessories.
whether it's routine maintenance, repairs, or custom upgrades, our capable technicians will ensure your vehicle is always adventure-ready. schedule a service appointment or request parts online and experience the ridenow gainesville difference.
ridenow gainesville: atvs, motorcycles, side-x-sides, and pwcs in florida
ridenow gainesville is more than just a dealership; it's a community for powersports enthusiasts. serving riders from jacksonville to tampa and beyond, we're committed to providing an unbeatable selection of vehicles, exceptional service, and a stand-out customer experience. 





roadway loan (installment)

					*all credit products are issued by webbank. an origination fee of 4% applies. the dignifi interest waived program applies to all approved customers. interest will be charged to your account from account opening at 9.99%‐36.00% apr. if the full loan amount is paid within the first 90 days, you will receive a refund in the amount of any accrued interest that was charged. a minimum monthly payment is required. additional principal payments will be required to pay off the loan amount before the promotion expires. interest will be waived if you make all of your scheduled payments on time and pay off your loan in full within the first 90 days. the application generally takes a few minutes. all applications are subject to approval pursuant to standard underwriting criteria. the maximum approved amount, terms, and the annual percentage rate (apr) will be based on an evaluation of credit history. webbank funds the repair amount once repairs are completed and documents are executed.
					


expressway credit (revolver card) 

					*all dignifi expressway credit cards are issued by webbank. an annual fee of up to $79 may apply. six-month deferred interest promotional offer is available on all approved purchases of $350 or more using the dignifi expressway credit card. no interest will be charged on the promotional purchase if you pay the promotional purchase amount in full within 6 months. if you do not, interest will be charged on the promotional purchase from the purchase date. a minimum monthly payment is required. the required minimum monthly payments may not pay off the promotional purchase by the end of the promotional period. account must be open and current to be eligible for this offer. regular account terms apply to non-promotional purchases and, after promotion ends, to your promotional purchases. please see any special promotion advertising or other disclosures provided to you for the full terms of any special promotion offered. all applications for credit are based on an evaluation of credit history. the annual percentage rate (apr) ranges from 27.99%–36%. if you are charged interest, the charge will be no less than $2.00.
					














contact information


4820 nw 13th street
gainesville, fl 32609

phone: 352-376-2637

hours

monday closed
tuesday 9:00 am - 6:00 pm
wednesday 9:00 am - 6:00 pm
thursday 9:00 am - 6:00 pm
friday 9:00 am - 6:00 pm
saturday 9:00 am - 6:00 pm
sunday closed










quick links

new inventory
pre-owned inventory

value your trade
test ride
fleet vehicles
get an insurance quote

connect





like ridenow powersports on facebook! (opens in new window)





check out the ridenow powersports youtube channel! (opens in new window)





follow ridenow powersports on twitter! (opens in new window)










copyright© 2025 ridenow powersports  |
					all rights reserved


unsubscribe |
					policy |
					privacy |
					accessibility |
					terms |
					site map









































































