




post office in paradise: mail and postage stamps of nineteenth century hawaii














stamps




missionary stamps

boston engraved issue

numeral issue

boston lithograph issue

bank note issue

provisional government issue

pictorial issue

official issue

revenue issues

kahului railway issue

q & a





postal cards & envelopes




postal cards

postal envelopes

q & a





foreign mails & covers




pre-postal mail

mail rates

treaty period

inaugural treaty period

early treaty period

middle treaty period

late treaty period

convention period

upu period

soldiers mail

registered letters

q & a





local & inter-island mail




rates

routes & post offices

covers

maps of hawaii

q & a





postal markings




describing postal markings

pricing, terms & condition

honolulu postmarks

town postmarks

service marks

auxiliary marks

cancels

foreign postal markings

mysteries

q & a





news & notes




auctions

discoveries

articles

book project

current exhibits

hawaiian philatelists

resource links





guestbook




dealers/auctioneers

collectors: a - f

collectors: g - l

collectors: m - r

collectors: s - z





site map












































site map to navigate









            you are at a site dedicated to the study and sharing of information about the stamps and postal history of hawaii in the years before it became a territory of the united states on june 14, 1900. “stamps” include postage stamps, revenue stamps, foreign office stamps, private issued stamps, postal cards and postal stationery. this category includes studies of counterfeit stamps. “postal history” is the study of stamps used on their original “covers” (envelopes or other mail pieces) to show the routes covers used to their destinations and the rates paid for the service. this category also includes the postmarks and service marks applied by post offices or by other people, such as forwarders or expresses, who handled mail.









              henry whitney, hawaii's first postmaster and the man who conceived and produced the famous missionary stamps 
              of hawaii, showed hawaii's place in the world on a map included in his 
              1890 guide to hawaii.  the hawaiian island chain stretches across the top of
              the north pacific along a nearly two thousand mile arc, but the eight inhabited islands depicted c.1890 in
              barnes' hawaiian geography are the hawaiian islands we connect with their
              stamps and postal history.













            this site is intended to operate in the nature of a study group. use of the site for commercial purposes is 
            inconsistent with the collaborative research purpose of this site. you are welcome to share information, 
            questions, discoveries and perplexities. please sign in the guestbook to 
            register your interest. post office in paradise is unaffiliated with the united states postal service and is not
            sponsored by the usps or the postal service of any other country. 

            if you are new to stamp collecting or if you are thinking about adding hawaii to your existing collection, see 
            the page tips for beginners.  there you will find some information about how
            and where to get started collecting hawaii.

            for a list of some societies and clubs a collector of hawaiian stamps and postal history should consider 
            joining, please go to societies and clubs. if you need to have a stamp or 
            cover examined to be sure it is genuine and as described, expert services to contact for a certificate are 
            listed at expert services.  for a general bibliography of important 
            treatises and auction catalogues frequently referenced in this site, please go to general
            bibliography.

            pages are being updated constantly as newer information becomes available.  before using any page you may have
            offloaded, be certain you have the latest version by comparing its date with the current update shown on the
            website page. 

            post office in paradise thanks the several organizations and publications who have honored it with recognition.
            in addition to the 
            
federation internationale de philatie
            and  
            
stamps2.com awards displayed at the 
            top of this page, other awards and honors can be seen on the recognitions
            page.  by clicking on the image, you can learn more about the award and the organization that conferred it. 
            these recognitions are truly gratifying, but the feedback, support and encouragement of those who find post 
            office in paradise promotes their enjoyment of the hobby is why the site has been a joy to create and maintain. 

            hawaii's postal history is rich and varied. to enter the domain, please go to the 
            site map and select the topics of your choice. 









 
  stamps
	  	| 
  postal cards & envelopes
      	        |
  foreign mails & covers
		| 
  local & inter-island mail
		| 
  postal markings
		| 
  news & notes
                | 
  guestbook
                | 
  site map
                | 
  feedback











        this site last updated: 28 january 2025











copyright © 1999 - 2025 post office in paradise. all rights reserved. 
 
website designed by a. w. associates









