








thoroughbred country south carolina





































things to do

calendar

event submission   search attractions thoroughbred country sc itinerary things to do for free kid-friendly activities video gallery where to shop where to golf things to do in aiken county things to do in allendale county things to do in bamberg county things to do in barnwell county revolutionary war virtual thoroughbred country   where to stay where to eat plan your visit

thoroughbred country itinerary tidbits and trivia regional map   










                south carolina's thoroughbred countrywe're way more than horses  information, points of interest, accommodations and more!  
 
 come visit undiscovered south carolina. feel the thundering hooves of horses; smell the homemade bread baking; sample the fresh peaches or strawberries; view revolutionary war and living history; enjoy the songs of birds in our natural areas. we invite you to join us in thoroughbred country!  thoroughbred country, consisting of aiken, allendale, bamberg and barnwell counties, is one of eleven state-appointed tourism regions in south carolina. the program, sponsored by the lower savannah council of governments, began in 1980 to help attract visitors to this area of the state. the program is funded by the state of south carolina through the department of parks, recreation & tourism.   click here for immediate access to our thoroughbred country visitor guide.   view the guide      what's new   thoroughbred country news - january 2025  thoroughbred country annual report 2023-2024  thoroughbred country's annual events  hometown history: the silver bluffs  george wingard receives the 2024 south carolina humanities akers prize  racing hall of fame and museum recognized by official best of america  aiken recognized as a south carolina cultural district  barnwell state park's ashley audette named regional ranger of the year  discover what's new in thoroughbred country south carolina  2024 ag + art tour  the palmetto porch podcast: ep. 5 creativity abounds in barnwell  aiken center for the arts named a 2023 'angel'  williston disc golf course expands to 18 holes  horse events at bruce's field pump millions of dollars into the local economy  aiken unveils electric vehicle charging station  aiken county historical museum's premiere virtual exhibition  reintroduction of red-cockaded woodpeckers  savannah river site museum's virtual exhibit: 'in my heart forever'  the allendale rural arts team: 'thank you' mural       featured articles   history, antiques and the epicenter of equestrian autumn  wellness & nature - retreat & reconnect in thoroughbred country, south carolina  thoroughbred country, sc: so much more than horses!  5 south carolina destinations to visit this season  artists and makers, festivals and discoveries: slow travel in thoroughbred country, south carolina  master your golf game in thoroughbred country south carolina  25 amazing small towns in america you need to visit this year (2024)  one city, two itineraries: thoroughbred country, south carolina  aiken offers 'thoroughbred' golf  family friendly experiences for all ages in thoroughbred country sc  art flourishes among the thoroughbreds  thoroughbred country, south carolina, offers unique year-round experiences  mud slingers - when the mud flies, the crowd roars at twitty's mud bog.  this south carolina town has every christmas tradition a southerner could want  thoroughbred country south carolina for history buffs  outdoor recreation for every season  5 hidden gems in thoroughbred country   more      upcoming events  view all      


   02/19/2025 stable view: hunter/jumper institute     02/19/2025 full gallop farm: recognized horse trials     02/19/2025 windsor trace continuous drive   









copyright © 2025 thoroughbred country. all rights reserved. website designed by powerserve



request a visitor guide sign up for our newsletter about us

partners tourism advisory committee   media

media policies thoroughbred country sc newsletters travel media press room published articles   

































