

home of the traveling penguin








 
welcome to the traveling penguin page, home of the world's 
most famous and well-traveled penguin!  the penguin has been all around the 
world, visited 39 countries so far and posed with people such as sir richard 
branson, paul stanley 
from kiss and sir edmund hillary. 
for details of the penguin's travels and some views of where he's been so far, click on
photos & travels.   




        




 

    
	





update:   
sep 6, 2023:  lots of new pics and adventures added!  check 'em all 
out at the penguin's fb page!
 
apr 18, 2019: 

vietnam was awesome and photos are here! 

and taiwan photos here!  check 'em out!


 
apr 30, 2018:   tiki peeps and the penguin!   check out the 
gallery on the facebook page (facebook account is not required) with all the 
cool tiki peeps from events ranging from tiki oasis, tiki caliente & tiki kon to 
numerous tiki bars along the way!  too much fun!  

check it out here!



photo by kari hendler!
 
apr 24, 2018:  now back from sri lanka!   had an awesome time - 
pics to be posted shortly.  in the meantime, you can find them here in the

sri lanka gallery on facebook!
 
nov 29, 2017:  just got back from ecuador & the galapagos and had an 
absolute blast!  stunning flora and fauna and met tons of great folks.  
a truly unforgettable trip.  lots of pics to be posted here soon but in the 
meantime, check out the

ecuador gallery on facebook, here!    and now... off to 
jamaica!
 
may 16, 2017:   had a blast seeing tom & thompson wilson again - a 
couple of our favourite peeps!    and more recently got to check 
out u4, a fantastic u2 tribute band.  if you get a chance, do go see 'em!  
and u2 played vancouver may 12 to kick off their joshua tree tour after 
rehearsing here for a couple of weeks at bc place.  sadly, never ran into 
any of the guys even though they were often in my 'hood and just missed 'em by a 
few minutes in some cases.  the concert was awesome though!  the 
penguin was too big to go unfortunately so the little penguin did it's best to 
fill in.   next up, la and palm springs... tomorrow!!


  

  

  


 
jan 6, 2017:   off to hawai'i... today!   watch for us on 
oahu and say hi!   in the meantime, check out the facebook page for 
all the latest trips and photos!  
 
may 11, 2016:  whoa, it's been busy!  lots of little trips in the past 
year, back and forth to toronto and la and in fact back to la and then palm 
springs tomorrow for tiki caliente!   will update all when back next 
week; in the meantime, check out the facebook page for all the recent updates!  
 
sept 2, 2015:  the penguin had an awesome time at tiki oasis in san diego!   
so great to see everyone there!   and the stops at trader sam's and 
tiki ti in la before-hand and at the tonga hut in north hollywood and in san 
fran, trader vic's, forbidden island, longitude, tonga room & smuggler's cove 
afterwards were fantastic as well.  tons of photos are now posted on the 
facebook page - check 'em out at....

tiki oasis 2015 san diego  and 

california tiki tour aug 2015 !
 
aug 
10, 2015:  ready for the next trip.. to la, san  diego & san 
francisco!  tiki oasis, here we come!   with a few stops along 
the way - tiki ti & trader sam's to start.  



 
july 
8, 2015:  photos from tiki caliente in 
palm springs now posted!  had an absolute blast at the event and special 
thanks to the awesome westjet crew as always for a great flight!  and fun 
to meet the bachelorette party girls on the same flight!  
 
  
  

  

  


 
may 
13, 2015:  all set for the next tiki trip to palm springs!  but first, 
u2 and the tour kick-off show in vancouver tomorrow, may 14!
   

  


 
jan 
23, 2015:  finally catching up with some awesome photos with deke dickerson 
and los straitjackets!  plus photos from la & palm springs!  too much 
fun!


  

  

  

  


 
nov 
21, 2014:  the penguin had an awesome time on the tiki tour through l.a. 
and palm springs!  too much fun was had at the tonga hut, tiki ti & don the 
beachcomber in l.a. as well as the tonga hut & bootlegger tiki in palm springs.  
can't wait to go back!  lots of photos to be posted soon but in the 
meantime they can be found at

the penguin's facebook page here. 
and recently the penguin met david suzuki and also had a 
book signed by john cleese.  thanks for the photos and for the book!   
yay!
   

  

  


 
oct 
5, 2014:  the penguin is going on another road trip, this time a tiki road 
trip!  we'll be in palm springs tuesday oct 7 checking out the tonga hut 
followed by the newly opened bootlegger tiki on wed oct 8.  thursday oct 9 
will find us at tiki ti in l.a. celebrating a friend's birthday.  friday 
oct 10 we're planning on the tonga hut in north hollywood.  saturday oct 11 
we'll be stopping by the international tiki marketplace at don the beachcombers 
in huntington beach followed by the brian wilson concert that night.  and 
finally sunday oct 12-15 we'll be back in palm springs checking out joshua tree 
national park and a few other local attractions before surely refreshing back at 
the tonga hut and bootlegger tiki.  it's certainly going to be action 
packed!  and if you see us around, do come up and say hi!
photos from nepal and india finally posted, yay, woot 
woot!  check 'em all out on the travel page!

  

  

  

  



sep 
29, 2014:  the penguin had an absolute blast at 
tiki oasis!  everyone was awesome and so much fun was had.  we 
can't wait to go back for next year!  lots of photos now posted on the 
travel page!

  

  

  

  


aug 
12, 2014:  next trip coming up is to san diego to check out tiki oasis!  
this is going to be fun!  if you see the penguin around, do come up and say 
hi!read all about tiki oasis at 
www.tikioasis.com
 
apr 
15, 2014:  the penguin just got back from an exciting and adventurous trip 
through nepal and india, two new countries for the penguin bringing the total 
visited now up to 35!  lots of photos to go through and should be 
posted soon, along with some new photos from hawaii!
dec 
9, 2013:  had a blast cruising around southern ontario for a couple of 
weeks in november.  thanks to tom wilson, the penguin was on the guest list 
for a couple more lee harvey osmond concerts, one in london and the other in 
gravenhurst.  both great shows!  thanks again tom!  and 
then the penguin had an invite to visit kim cattrall on the set of her upcoming 
new show 'sensitive skin'!  it was awesome and good fun to meet kim along 
with don mckellar, who is directing and also starring in the show, and to catch 
up with the show writer and old friend bob martin.  thanks for the set 
visit and for the great photos!

   

   


vytas gataveckas, cousin of the penguin's wrangler, meets 
tom wilson and ray farrugia of lee harvey osmond following the concert in 
gravenhurst, ontario.

   


 
oct 
31, 2013:   had a great time at the lee harvey osmond concert, 
featuring tom wilson, bassist extraordinaire john dymond and always fun ray 
farrugia.  openers the lion the bear the fox were a pleasant surprise, 
having never heard them previously.  an awesome concert all around!   
and the penguin met a fellow traveller, hilly the wombat from norway!  good 
fun!

    

    

    


oct 
22, 2013:  had a blast at the home and design show here in vancouver this 
past weekend and met 'property brothers' jonathan & drew scott as well as 
jillian harris, former bachelorette and current host and designer of love it or 
list it vancouver.    also finally posted some great pics from 
the zombie walk this past summer.  the penguin was 'attacked' by numerous 
zombies and quickly became a zombie-penguin!  and was then a very popular 
phtography subject by zombies and spectators alike!   beware, some of 
the zombie pics are not for the squeamish.  check 'em out
here or of course via the photos and travel 
section.  

   

    


oct 
11, 2013:  so many adventures in the past six months or so!  met some 
amazing folks including tommy thayer of kiss, artist roy henry vickers, alan 
doyle of great big sea as well as attended a fabulous wedding in the spring and 
had a great road trip around ontario, not to mention another great time in 
hawaii!  lots of new photos posted to the celebrity section.  wedding 
and travel photos coming soon!

    

    


 
march 
22, 2013:  today marks the grand opening of what promises to be the most 
authentic tiki room in vancouver's history, the shameful tiki room.  the 
penguin has always had an appreciation for all things tiki which certainly helps 
to make hawaii one of our favourite places in the world.    and 
so in anticipation of the grand opening tonight of the shameful tiki room, 
here's a few more photos from the last original tiki bar in honolulu, la mariana 
sailing club....
    

    

    

    



jan 5, 2013:  
colombia photos posted!  and the penguin is off on the next adventure... a 
few days in toronto and then on to mexico to check out some mayan ruins!  
watch the penguin's facebook page for new photos as we take 'em!

  

  


dec 24, 2012:  
merry christmas and happy holidays to one and all, from the penguin and the 
penguin's wranglers, bernie & brian!check out our jibjab ecard
here!



 
dec 20, 2012:  the 
penguin recently took in the killers concert, with openers tegan & sara, in a 
private suite with plenty of food & drink courtesy of peak fm here in vancouver.  
we had an awesome time and it was great to meet morning hosts cory & laurie and 
some of our fellow peak listeners.  thanks again for the awesome concert 
experience!

  

  


 
dec 1, 2012:  the 
penguin had a great night out recently by attending a concert by canadian supergroup blackie & the rodeo kings, comprised primarily of tom wilson, stephen 
fearing & colin linden.  the guys were joined on this tour by amy helm, 
kendel carson & matt anderson with harlan pepper opening.  it was a 
fantastic show and fun to reunite with the guys!    the penguin 
also recently had the pleasure to meet one of the vancouver canucks, mason 
raymond!

  

  

  


 
sept 21, 2012:  
the penguin has had an exciting couple of months with a quick trip to colombia 
followed by a drive across canada from toronto to vancouver.  the canada 
section now has some new photos so check 'em out!    the colombia 
photos will be up as soon as the penguin gets back from the next trip which is 
to... hawaii, leaving tomorrow for a couple of weeks!

  

  

   
june 27, 2012:  
the penguin recently met mary zilba, recording artist & real housewife of 
vancouver along with actress & producer mashiah vaughn.  both women are 
fantastically nice, exceptionally gracious and a true pleasure to meet.  
thanks for the photos mary and mashiah!

  

  


 
may 25, 2012:  we 
were thrilled to meet sir richard branson this morning!   a true 
business icon and always a gentleman, he graciously posed for a couple of photos 
and even famously flipped the bird!   thanks for the photos, sir 
richard!

  

  


may 9, 2012:  it's 
been a busy couple of months for the penguin with concerts by coldplay, skygdiggers, jeremy fishger, ed sheeran, snow patrol and once again the always 
entertaining tom wilson!   the penguin also got to take in a keg party 
in toronto which was great fun.  a big thanks to brock & krista for a great 
evening!  bc place here in vancouver had an open house recently and so the 
penguin had the pleasure of meeting travis lulay and akeem foster of the bc 
lions  as well as a bevy of the lions' cheerleaders, the felions!   
the newly renovated stadium looks great and will surely be a great home to the 
bc lions and the vancouver whitecaps.    these pics are now in 
the canada and the celeb sections with a few highlights below!
at the coldplay concert in vancouver, april 20:

 
skydiggers, andy maize & josh finlayson!  and jeremy fisher and ed 
sheeran!  and penguin wranglers with ed!


  

  

  

  


 
beer for jesus keg party in toronto!  thanks brock & 
krista!

  

  


tom wilson and his girlfriend daniele, and  ray farrugia, 
at a house concert in toronto!

  


open house at bc place with travis lulay & akeem foster!  
and the bc lions felions!  and the grey cup!


  

  

  

  

  


 
 
march 30, 2012:   
photos from cambodia and hong kong are now posted in the travel section!  
check 'em out!
 
jan 18, 2012:  
check out this video of the penguin in action at ehukai beach, oahu, hawaii.  
watch for the plot points!
 
 
dec 24, 2011:  
merry christmas and happy holidays to one and all, from the penguin and the 
penguin's wranglers, bernie & brian!


the penguin recently visited the vancouver christmas market, an 
awesome market set up in downtown vancouver in the german christmas tradition.  
the penguin loved the bratwurst, not to mention the mulled wine!

  

  

  

  

  

  


 
following the win of the grey cup by the bc lions, the penguin 
took part in the celebrations and had the great pleasure of meeting some of the 
bc lions cheerleaders, known as the felions, as well as posing with the grey 
cup!

  

  

   
nov 6, 2011:  
after a brief stop in hong kong, the penguin is now in cambodia.  the 
country is experiencing severe flooding and in fact a couple of weeks ago 
tourists had to be airlifted from angkor wat.   the roads are 
apparently clear now so hopefully the penguin will see some of these amazing 
sites.  here's the penguin's view coming into land at phnom penh... 

  


and recently the penguin had a great time attending the roger 
daltrey concert with roger performing the tommy album along with a number of who 
and solo songs.  a great show and as a bonus the penguin got to meet simon 
townshend, the brother of pete and roger's guitarist!  simon had a great 
time with the penguin!  thanks again for the great show and photos!

  

  


the penguin also took in william shatner's show.  the show 
was surprisingly good and a lot of fun.  a photo with bill wasn't possible 
unfortunately unless the penguin paid $300!  and the penguin just doesn't 
have that kind of money, dammit.  and besides, the penguin never pays for 
it!   still, here's a few photos of the penguin enjoying the show and 
checking out the vip party afterwards.

  


the penguin made a quick trip to toronto recently and enjoyed 
one of the city's best coffees, courtesy of balzac's in the distillery district.  
if you're down that way, definitely check it out.  and thanks to westjet 
for allowing the penguin to try it's hand... er, wing, at the controls.  
who said penguins can't fly?!  

  

  

  

  


 
oct 4, 2011:  the 
penguin has been one busy bird lately!  last friday the penguin attended 
the cbc celebrations here in vancouver and met a number of cbc folks, including

erin karpluk (being erica), allan hawco (republic of doyle), ron james, jian 
ghomeshi, adam beach (arctic air), natalie lisinska (insecurity), johnny reid, 
ian hanomansing, george stroumboulopoulos, kevin weekes & mark lee (hockey night 
in canada), chris hyndman (steven & chris), kary osmond (best recipes ever) & 
bruce croxon from dragons' den.  they were all incredibly nice and yes, 
they all posed with the penguin!   thanks for the great time everyone!
 

  

  

  

  

  



  

  

  

  

  


the penguin also 
took in a couple of great concerts.  first there were the hawaiian legends 
- ledward kaapana, nathan aweau, dennis kamakahi & mike kaawa.  an awesome 
display of fantastic slack-key guitar.   and after that was the show 
by canadian great garnet rogers.  always inspiring and entertaining!  
check out the celeb section for all these photos and info!

  

  

  

  




the penguin also crashed another wedding!  congrats to nicole & jonathan!



  

  


 
and the penguin did the grouse grind!  the grouse grind is 
a 2.9km hike up the face of grouse mountain in vancouver with 2,830 stairs, an 
elevation gain of 853 metres with the summit being 1,127 metres.  on 
average it takes about an hour and a half to do the hike but the penguin made it 
well under that time!  pretty good for a penguin!  thankfully there 
were some nice... beverages.. waiting at the top.  along with some grizzly 
bears!



  

  

  





  

  

  


 
 previous updates:
july 
19,2011:  the penguin recently had not only the great pleasure to meet gene 
simmons of kiss once again but also to meet his lovely partner shannon tweed and 
their awesome kids nick and sophie!  and not only did gene and his family 
pose with the penguin but shannon had her way with the penguin!  thanks 
again for the great photos - you guys all rock!

        

        


july 16, 
2011:  new photos from barcelona, spain finally added to the travel 
section.  and the penguin managed to catch another wedding in barcelona!  
congratulations again to josephine and robert!  

        

        


mar 2, 
2011:  new hawai'i photos now posted in the travel section!  once 
again we had a fabulous time in hawai'i.  big thanks to the folks at the 
aqua waikiki wave and the aston waikiki beach hotel for making our visit such a 
pleasure.  and thanks to jon & jean for the full moon beach party - 
definitely a highlight for the penguin!  a hui hou!

        

        


jan 8, 
2011:  the photos from france and monaco are now posted!   check 
'em out in the travel section.  and the penguin is on the road, or rather 
wing,  again.  next stop, hawai'i!
nov 6, 
2010:  the penguin had an awesome time at the great big sea concert!  
once again, the boys in the band threw the biggest kitchen party this side of 
newfoundland!   thanks again for the great show, guys!    
also, france, monaco and barcelona photos coming very soon!

        


sept 4, 
2010:  the penguin is on the road again!   this time we're off to 
france and will wind up in barcelona.  if you see the penguin, come on up 
and say bonjour or perhaps hola, or even just hi!   in the meantime, 
some photos from singapore and malaysia have finally been posted.  as well, 
the penguin took in a couple of awesome weddings recently.  congrats again 
to lianne & dan and jo & zen!  you can check out the wedding photos
here or under the travel section!

        


sept 3, 2010:  
the penguin recently got to meet iconic big band leader dal richards!   
an impressive talent at any age, even more so at 92!  thanks for the photo 
and of course the music, dal!  


and some time ago, the penguin took in the star wars in concert 
show.  great fun was had posing with the various folks in star wars outfits 
and taking in the displays and concert.

        

        


may 27, 2010:  
the penguin is getting ready to try out those wings and crash another wedding!   
photos to come shortly.  in the meantime, the penguin checked out the 
$11,000 22-karat gold-wrapped billboard along 4th ave. near granville island in 
vancouver.  pretty impressive what 2 oz of gold can do!


march 27, 2010:  
the penguin had an awesome time at the reception for melissa & jeff at the 
watermark restaurant last night, posing for numerous photographs with the 
wedding guests and taking in the great performance by barenaked ladies!   
thanks for the great show guys and for the photos!  

        

        


march 26, 2010:  
the penguin successfully crashed another wedding!   virgin radio 
organized the "wedding crashers" wedding event for melissa & jeff with every 
detail determined by the radio audience.   melissa, the bride, wearing 
a scuba outfit, arrived to rev's bowling alley by garbage truck.  jeff the 
groom was quite dashing in a chicken costume.  flowers were a lovely head 
of broccoli, the cake was a giant pancake with the bridesmaids and groomsmen 
dressed as ninjas.  tamara taggart officiated, truly making it an 
unforgettable wedding!  you can see the wedding photos
here or under the travel section.

        

        


 
march 19, 2010:  
starting as the ring bearer for our own wedding in fiji, the penguin has 
increasingly become a favourite wedding crasher, having now chanced upon 
weddings in jamaica, fiji and australia.  if you'd like the penguin to 
crash your wedding, drop us a line and perhaps the penguin can make an 
appearance.  the penguin is of course already dressed for the occasion.  
you can see some of the various wedding photos here 
or under the travel section.

        

        


march 18, 2010: 
the penguin had a great time at 
the tribute concert to the music of the mississippi sheiks.  awesome 
performances by colin james, jim byrnes, oh susanna, bob brozman, steve dawson, 
john hammond, alvin youngblood hart, the sojourners and all the others.  
huge thanks to steve dawson for putting together this amazing event!

        

        


march 9, 2010:  
the vancouver 2010 olympic winter games photos are here, yay!  a fantastic 
couple of weeks with an incredible vibe throughout the entire city!  the 
penguin had a great time checking out the olympic medals, the stanley cup, 
meeting numerous torch bearers and athletes and visiting the pavillions and 
venues.  check out all the photos in the photos & travel section!

        

        


feb 17, 2010:  
the olympic winter games are well under way here in vancouver and the penguin 
has been having a great time checking out all the sights and sounds around town.    
a few days ago the penguin was interviewed by folks from microsoft which was 
fun.  you can see a mention in their
blog here.   this morning the penguin was watching stephen 
colbert film his tv show the colbert report and was promptly interviewed by
the tyee.  you can 
read the mention of the penguin
here.   and then in the afternoon 
while viewing the olympic cauldron, the penguin was interviewed by both voice of 
america and nbc.   the penguin is making news!   a very 
interesting day to say the least.  lots of photos coming soon.  
in the meantime, you can see the latest updates on the penguin's facebook page.
feb 4, 2010:  
jamaica photos are finally here, yeh mon!  the penguin had a great time 
touring out to nine miles to visit bob marley's childhood home, hiking up dunn's 
river falls and of course just hanging out at the fabulous sandals dunn's river 
falls resort.  a big hi and a huge thank to the fantastic staff of sandals 
for making our stay so memorable!  check out the photos section for all the 
jamaican photos!

        

        


dec 4, 2009:  
a great night was had by all at the elvis elvis elvis performance.  three 
great elvis impersonators captured the look, moves and sound of elvis throughout 
the 50s, 60s & 70s.   excellent performances by donny edwards, kavan & 
garry wesley!   and the penguin is soon off to jamaica to marinate in 
rum and red stripe!  watch for the photos, along with the long awaited 
photos from singapore, malaysia and alaska!

        


nov 25, 2009:  
the penguin had the pleasure of meeting billy bragg after an in-store 
performance at zulu records here in vancouver.   it was a treat to 
hear billy up close and personal!  and billy loved the penguin, even 
incorporating the penguin into a couple of songs on the fly.  well done!  
thanks for the great set and the great photos!

        


and check out this video of billy performing the gordon lightfoot song 
"early morning rain",  with a glimpse of the 
penguin at 3:38 !



 
nov 6, 2009:  
the penguin took in a few concerts recently.  first of all, a great show by 
lee harvey osmond, aka tom wilson and bandmates at st james hall in vancouver.  
next up was mika, with the penguin being able to pose with mika himself and also 
with his band!  two great penguin outings!  

        

        


aug 22, 2009:  the 
penguin had a great time at the summer of love here in vancouver the other day 
and managed to pose with the fab fourever, a fantastic beatles tribute band as 
well as the gracious and super-talented susan jacks.   thanks for the 
shows and the photos!   and the photos from the alaska cruise will be 
up shortly!

        


july 26, 2009:  the 
penguin took in a recent concert by lee harvey osmond, the latest group project 
by tom wilson which also includes members of junkhouse, skydiggers & the cowboy 
junkies.  an impressive canadian collective and definitely worth checking 
out!   colin linden and stephen fearing, members of blackie & the 
rodeo kings along with tom, and great singer-songwriters in their own right, 
were in the audience for the show as well.   it was great to catch up 
with colin, stephen, tom and introduce tom's son thompson and ray to the 
penguin!  thanks for the great music and of course for the photos!

     

     

     

     

     


nov. 9, 2008:  the 
penguin just returned from a trip to singapore and malaysia, bringing the number 
of countries visited now up to 26!  lots of photos to come soon!   
and the penguin also recently posed with comedian jimmy pardo as well as marcia 
wallace, possibly best known as carol from the bob newhart show and now the 
voice of mrs krabappel on the simpsons.

        


sept. 19, 2008:  the 
penguin finally posed with chris isaak!   chris was determined to have 
a goofy expression for the photo and it looks like he succeeded.  as well, 
the penguin met up with brook silva-braga, the director and star of 'a map for 
saturday', for a few drinks after the vancouver premiere of his film.  a 
good time was indeed had by all!  thanks for the photos guys!

        


march 26, 2008:  the 
penguin was recently in mexico and had a great time as always.  a big thank 
you to jack fm for making this trip possible and a big hello to all the other 
jack winners!   thanks guys for such a fun trip!

        


feb 11, 2008:  the 
penguin was recently in hawaii and managed to spend some time on each of oahu, 
maui and the big island.  it was a fantastic time of course as hawaii is 
definitely one of our favourite places.  surf, sand and mai tais - how can 
you resist?!  lots of great new photos so check 'em out in the travel 
section!

        


oct 19, 2007:  the 
penguin recently took in a show by canadian rock legends april wine.  
another great show at the river rock casino.  the band sounded great and 
kudos to drummer jerry mercer - a fantastic drummer at any age but at 68?  
phenomenal!  thanks for posing with the penguin!


sept 4, 2007:  the 
penguin attended the inxs show at the river rock casino this past week and met 
up with singer jd fortune and drummer jon farriss.  thanks for the great 
show and for the photos guys!

        


 july 9, 2007:  the 
penguin recently met and posed with music manager extraordinaire terry mcbride 
of the nettwerk music group.  terry is the manager of many amazing artists 
including barenaked ladies, sarah mclachlan, chantal kreviazuk, avril lavigne 
and many many others.  check out nettwerk and their artists at
www.nettwerk.com.  thanks again terry 
for taking time out from your incredibly busy schedule!


may 24, 2007:  the 
penguin just met stewart copeland, drummer from the police of course, as they're 
in town rehearsing and setting up for the north american portion of their 
upcoming tour, kicking off here in vancouver next week.  thanks stewart, 
you're a gentleman and a scholar!  


may 13, 2007:  last 
night, the penguin took in the show by canadian punk icons teenage head and 
managed to pose with the guys after the show.  thanks guys!

        


may 8, 2007:  the 
penguin made a quick trip to la conner, washington, to check out the tulip 
festival.  check out some of the photos in the usa section.  and the 
penguin is now on facebook!  join the penguin's group by doing a search 
for, what else, the traveling penguin !

        


april 20, 2007:  the 
penguin recently went to see the u2 tribute band, elevation.  the guys put 
on an absolutely fabulous show and having seen u2 three times,  i feel like 
i've seen them four times now!  the guys graciously posed with the penguin 
and even gave the penguin a backstage pass.  check out elevation's website 
at www.u2tributeband.com and if you 
get a chance, definitely go see them!  tell them the penguin sent you!

        


jan 19, 2007:  the 
ireland photos are finally here!  despite the gale-force winds and monsoon 
rains, the penguin had a great time in ireland and can't wait to go back.  
a big hi and thank you to kevin and frank for the great tour; hi to the guys at 
the stag's head pub; thanks to everyone who bought the penguin a pint, very much 
appreciated!  and a big thanks and hi to mart & jaume at the guinness 
brewery for the perfect pint!  photos are in the travel section!
 

        


nov 20, 2006:  the penguin is on the road!  or rather, a wing!  
this time we're visiting the netherlands and ireland.  if you see the 
penguin en route, come on up and say hi!  details and photos to come!
nov 9, 2006:   
a very sad day yesterday, gyoza, one of our cool cats and long-time companion of 
the penguin passed away.   a unique cat with an awesome personality, 
temperament and spirit, gyoza was the perfect embodiment of 'catness'.  
indeed, with his sinuous walk, large eyes and huge paws, gyoza was more like a 
tiger or panther.  he was a sight to behold and will be dearly missed.  


gyoza
november 7, 1993 - november 8, 2006

oct 5, 2006:  wow, 
does time fly!  quite unlike penguins!  in any case, the penguin had a 
great night out some time ago to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary.  
as the penguin was 'the best penguin' at our wedding in fiji, the penguin just 
had to accompany us to our anniversary dinner.  we had a great time at joe 
fortes and greatly appreciated the personalized service and fantastic wine and 
food!  we can't wait to go back!  special thanks to peter and the 
whole gang at joe fortes!

        

        

     
  
august 18, 2006:  
the penguin recently had the pleasure of meeting two local actors, tyler labine 
and bruce harwood.  tyler recently played dave groves on invasion and will 
be seen in the upcoming season of boston legal.  bruce is of course best 
known for his role of john byers, one of the lone gunmen on the x-files.  
thanks for the photos guys!

        


the 
penguin has had an exciting july.  at the beginning of the month we went to 
new york and had a great time visiting the city.  we also went to see the 
drowsy chaperone, a play co-written and starring our friend bob martin playing 
on broadway at the marquis theatre.  the play was nominated for 13 tony 
awards and won 5!  way to go bob!   the play is awesome, both 
imaginative and hilarious.  the penguin also had a great time meeting the 
cast afterwards.  special thanks to bob, sutton foster, lisa lambert and 
georgia engel for graciously posing with the penguin!
if you get a chance, make sure you go see this play - you won't be 
disappointed!  check out the info at
www.thedrowsychaperone.com
new york completely surpassed all our expectations, in safety, cleanliness 
and friendliness.  we can't wait to go back and see more!   the 
photos are in the celebrity section and in the travel section!

        


more recently, the penguin went to another chris isaak concert.  as 
you may recall, the camera jammed as i was about to take the photo of chris with 
the penguin so no photo with chris.  this time around, bernie and the 
penguin managed to spend about 3/4 of the concert sitting on the lip of the 
stage with perhaps 10 other people so that was quite the experience for them.  
afterwards, we dutifully lined up to try again for a photo with chris.  the 
security people were constantly barking out "no photos allowed" and "only chris 
isaak merchandise will be signed".  well, chris certainly saw the penguin 
on stage all night and having met the penguin before, perhaps he'd make an 
exception.  we finally get in front of chris, he looks at the penguin and 
says "i can't sign that".  as we're about to say "good, we don't want you 
to", he promptly signs it!  in permanent marker.  auggggh!   
i ask if we can get a photo of him with the penguin and he declines saying he 
can't as the security guy will slap him otherwise.  so once again no photo 
with chris and the penguin is disfigured with his signature!  damn you 
chris isaak!  :)   we may be the only people in the world that 
want to get rid of his signature!
after the show, we chatted briefly with rowland, kenney and hershel.  
hershel is definitely one of the nicest guys you'll ever meet and he graciously 
posed with bernie and the penguin.  thanks hershel!
the next day the penguin had the opportunity to meet brent butt, comedian 
and star of the tv show "corner gas".  brent also graciously posed with the 
penguin.  thanks brent!  and by the way, i think you need the penguin 
in an episode of corner gas.  saskatchewan definitely needs a penguin!  
in the photo you can see chris' signature on the penguin - damn you chris isaak!  
:)

        

        


may 20, 2006:  the 
penguin, along with a media frenzy and a good throng of fans and supporters, was 
on hand to welcome home today colin angus and julie wafaei at the totem pole in 
kitsilano, the same place where they set out to circumnavigate the world under 
their own power nearly two years ago!  colin is now the first person to 
circumnavigate the world under human power alone.  julie joined colin for 
much of the expedition and she in fact is now the first woman to row across the 
atlantic from mainland to mainland.    the penguin was 
particularly proud and honoured to meet such intrepid travellers!  
congratulations on your incredible achievement and welcome home!   you 
can read about their expedition at
 www.expeditionplanetearth.com
          


may 15, 2006:  the 
penguin has had quite an exciting time the past few weeks.  first of all, 
the penguin went to a book launch party for vancouver author chris needham and 
of course had to pose with the author!  and this past weekend, the penguin 
got to meet canadian olympic curling gold medalist brad gushue as well as 
canadian paralympic curling gold medalist sonja gaudet.   brad and 
sonja were great and even let the penguin try on their gold medals for size!  
the penguin goes for the gold!  and as a nice bonus, the penguin got to 
meet another of the jack fm family here in vancouver, kim seale, who handles the 
traffic reports from high in the sky over vancouver and the lower mainland.  
check out the photos here and in the celebrity section!

        

        

        


april 3, 2006:  the 
penguin recently attended another arrogant worms show with opening act, the 
polyjesters.  both groups were great and highly entertaining.  if you 
get a chance, definitely go see either or both of these groups if you can!


         

and if you're so inclined, you can check out a photo of the 
penguin's room-mates, gyoza and zebu.  
click here for gyoza and here for 
zebu.
march 6, 2006:  the penguin is now back from cuba!  this is the 
23rd country the penguin has been to and had a great time.  the people we 
met were awesome and everywhere we went, it was "hey, el penguino!"   
the penguin now has a lot of fans in cuba!   new photos added in the
photos & travels section.
check out this story - giant penguin found in new zealand - posted on 

palaeoblog featuring the penguin !
and in other penguin news, the penguin is currently featured in the 
student traveller magazine, published by the canadian federation of 
students-services and travel cuts.  it's great to see the penguin being 
recognized in print!  check it out if you get a chance.
december 6, 2005: 
the penguin went to the chris isaak concert on friday night. 
however, the penguin had to be checked into the cloak room as no "foreign
objects" were allowed into the theatre.  it's the first time the
penguin has ever been checked but managed to handle it fairly well. 
apparently chris isaak concerts in the states tend to be
rather...rambunctious!  after "wicked game", chris said this was
a rock and roll show and invited everyone to come down front.  well, lots
of people did just that and seeing as how we had front row seats, perhaps it was
a good thing the penguin was hiding in the cloak room as it might just have been
crushed.  chris put on a great show and was incredibly entertaining,
telling fun stories and running through the audience.  
after the show we lined up for an autograph session with about 200 other
people.  chris was signing autographs very quickly, moving down the line of
people under heavy security guard with a few quick words with each person. 
there were signs everywhere "no cameras" and "no photography
please".  didn't look good for a photo with chris.  chris came to
us and looked rather surprised at the penguin.  i explained the story of
the penguin and chris said "you'd like a photo?"  i said sure if
possible.  chris said something like "we don't do photographs"
and then in a lower, quiet voice "but go ahead."  i said great
and fumbled my camera out of my pocket.  he leaned down beside the penguin
and said to me  "you can't take photographs....but go ahead. 
know what i mean?  no photographs....but go ahead...."  i tried
to focus on chris and the penguin....and the camera wouldn't focus! 
d'oh!!!  tried again, still wouldn't focus.  finally solved the
problem but by then chris had to move on to the next person and the security
guys swooped in and ushered me along.  so unfortunately no photo of chris
with the penguin.  we'd go see chris again in a second so hopefully we'll
have another chance someday.  however, kenny, hershel and rowland of chris'
band silvertone were all signing autographs in the lobby area as well and were
more than approachable.  each posed with the penguin and were great to chat
with.  thanks guys!  the pics are of course in the celebrity &
personality section but here's the pics as well.
           
          

 october 17, 2005: 
the penguin had quite the weekend.  first off, the penguin took in the tom
wilson and bob lanois show on friday night.  tom and bob were in fine form
with tom being his usual entertaining self.  tom and bob showcased their
new album, the shack recordings.  check it out at www.theshackrecordings.ca
and pick up a copy.  you'll love it!   

on saturday, the penguin went to the home and garden show and managed to
meet mike holmes from "holmes on homes".  he was swarmed by
several thousand fans with many female fans looking for a nice hug.  mike
was more than happy to oblige and seems to be enjoying his job even more these
days!  :)  thanks mike for putting on such a great show and shaking up
the renovation industry.

later that night, the penguin went again to see tom wilson and bob
lanois.  the penguin was on the guest list for the show and since this
being the first time the penguin's been on a guest list, well, we just had to go
again.  another excellent show with some good laughs and great songs. 
be sure to catch tom and bob if you can on their current tour. you can find
their tour info at www.theshackrecordings.ca  
and be sure to tell tom "the penguin sends its regards"!

            

            



 october 6, 2005: 
the penguin recently got to meet up with a number of local celebrities and
personalities including sammy salo from the canucks, christopher gaze from bard
on the beach, vijay from jack fm and bc premier gordon campbell.  the penguin also had a good time going to see the
documentary/movie 'march of the penguin'.  other theatre-goers were
thrilled to have the penguin in their midst!  and it was nice to see the
penguin's name in lights!
              
 march 31, 2005:  the
penguin has now returned from a great trip to china.  the penguin managed
to spend a few days in each of beijing, chengdu and shanghai.  lots of new
photos to check out!  and read bernie's write up on the trip to china here!

 february 22, 2005: 
this past weekend proved to be quite the penguin experience.  on friday,
the penguin went to see the arrogant worms, canada's premiere comedy folk
troupe!  the penguin seemed to be recognized as soon as we entered the
theatre as there were quite a few shouts of "the penguin!!!".  i
guess it's hard not to recognize the penguin!  the penguin spent the second
half of the concert on stage with the band, much to the delight of the audience
and indeed the band had a great time bantering about the penguin and making
reference to it in just about every song.  at one point a couple of folks
dashed to the stage and gave the penguin a monkey hat to wear.  the penguin
was suddenly transformed into a "monkquin", a penguin that can swing
from icebergs!  perhaps you had to be there.  in any case, a great time was had by all and
if you get a chance, be sure to check out the arrogant worms (www.arrogant-worms.com)!
on saturday, the penguin went to the adventure and travel show and had the
pleasure of meeting rupert from survivor!  yes, rupert!  full of
energy, passion and enthusiasm, he gladly posed with the penguin.  voted
the fan favourite from 'survivor all-stars' and the recipient of a cool million
bucks, he was definitely a crowd favourite on saturday with a huge crowd and
line-up to meet him.  a very nice and fun guy!  good going rupert!
the pics with the arrogant worms and rupert can of course be found in the celebrity & personality
 section.  check 'em out!
the penguin has now returned from the latest trip to hawaii, australia and
fiji!  the penguin was a big hit down under, particularly when we went to
phillip island to visit its relatives, the fairy penguins!  in sydney, the
penguin was even interviewed and filmed for a tv travel show!  be sure to
check the photos & travels section for the new
photos added.
the penguin also got to meet and pose with the band blackie and the rodeo
kings.  this is of course tom wilson, colin linden and stephen
fearing.  tom, having met the penguin several times previously, invited the
penguin to spend the concert on stage with the band.  some of the audience
remembered the penguin from the time with tom wilson when he participated in the
storytellers cabaret.  tom took several questions from the audience and
each question was about the penguin!  tom finally had to say, "ok,
enough about the penguin already!"  the band was great and graciously
posed with the penguin afterwards.  go and get their cd's - you won't be
disappointed!  start with their latest, bark.  and check out their
website - www.rodeokings.com - for more 
bark info.
the penguin also posed with opening act, joel kroeker.  he played a
great set and we'll all be hearing more of him in the future.  check out
their photos in the celebrity & personality
section.
 the penguin has recently been on jack radio here in vancouver.  not
that the penguin could say much but the penguin got to meet larry and
willy!  thanks guys!  you can check the photo out in the celebrity
& personality section.  
the penguin also recently posed with neil and tim finn, the finn brothers
of split enz and crowded house fame.  although late for their soundcheck,
they took the time to meet the penguin and graciously posed for the photo. 
they went on that night to play a great concert here in vancouver on the opening
night of their current tour.  be sure to check out this new photo in the celebrity
& personality section, added july 23, 2004.
the penguin previously  got to meet gordie johnson of big sugar.  gordie
conducted a gibson guitar clinic and played, chatted and answered questions for
an hour and a half!  it was a great experience and gordie graciously posed
with the penguin afterwards.    
the penguin has been back for some time now from an awesome trip to the cook islands -
rarotonga and aitutaki are definitely a tropical paradise!  check out the
photos  under the photos
& travels section  


our page represents our range of interests and our on-going projects.  it spans the range from the serious to the not-so-serious and as a rather eclectic collection of information, it will be continually transformed and updated.



hey look at this!  we actually won an award as a "key resource" for penguins!!!


 



links2go
penguins

  


for comments, questions or suggestions, you can email us at "penguin 
at  thetravelingpenguin.com"  or mail us at the address below. 
the email address is written that way to avoid the plague of spam so be sure to
change the "at" to @.

bernie & brian, 308 - 1928 w. 2nd avenue, vancouver, b.c.  v6j 1j3 canada             
cool!      
recipe!
© penguin productions - all photographs by brian verch /
bernie abromaitis


