








hartworks - creative alternatives























































↓ 
 


		javascript is disabled. please enable javascript on your browser to best view this site.







			hartworks
creative alternatives 


 


our websites

websites of rosana hart
websites of kelly hart


art & photography

kelly hart photography

san francisco’s psychedelic sixties
elemental hawaiian splendor


kelly’s films

kelly’s animation


kelly’s wood sculpture
full circle sculpted tiny home
tree of life sculpted tiny home
marquetry or wood inlay


sustainable architecture

websites of kelly hart
a sampler of alternative homes, dvd
building with bags dvd
rolling shelter
remodel green
earthbag architecture


dogs, cats & llamas

websites of rosana hart
telepathic communication

telepathic communication with animals dvd
telepathic communication with a cat


the tellington touch, or ttouch

the tellington ttouch for happier, healthier cats
the tellington ttouch for happier, healthier dogs


some short dog videos
llama training with bobra goldsmith, a video


mexico

our videos of life in mexico


cozy mysteries

dead in the stacks
bad weather, bad man
the dog barked murder





 


hartworks offers you…


hartworks llc creates artwork, books, ebooks, websites, videos, and dvds… generally about alternatives to the mainstream ways of doing things. it’s the home-based business of kelly and rosana hart, and our products reflect our diverse interests. we have been offering fast and friendly customer service since our first products came out in 1984. this photo shows us around that time.

hartworks.com is our flagship website. our online presence began right here in 1998. we’ve expanded a lot since then. see a list of kelly’s websites, mostly on sustainable architecture and natural building. rosana’s interests are eclectic; see a list of her websites. her trilogy of curious librarian cozy mysteries begins here.
she’s working now on a series of memoirs. for details, see her website zanahart.com, or click on the images to go to their pages at amazon:
  
 
.
.
.
sustainable architecture
we are happy to be part of the exciting movement to build alternative homes made of sustainable materials. kelly’s program, a sampler of alternative homes: approaching sustainable architecture, is one of the most popular programs he has created. as a result of what we learned while making this program, we built our own home out of earthbags. and then we made a program building with bags, about that. if you are interested in this topic, also be sure to take a look at this list of kelly’s websites on the topic and the several books he has written as shown on the sidebar to the right.
dogs,  cats, and llamas
we explore alternative ways of healing animals in our dvds for dogs and cats, featuring linda tellington-jones:

tellington ttouch for happier, healthier dogs
tellington ttouch for happier, healthier cats

we also produced a dvd on telepathic communication with animals, featuring penelope smith. stories about a psychic dog and a psychic cat (both our animals) along with a page of tips about communicating telepathically with pets, round out this section.
we raised llamas for some years and made information products about them… here is a page about llama training.
art, photography, and videos
kelly has delved into wood sculpture, and is enjoying this medium, as it reflects his enduring interest and experience in working with wood. you can see some of his recent work here.
kelly is still doing  photography, and this page tells you about it and how you can check out his work at flickr. kelly’s book san francisco’s psychedelic sixties is described on its page here. elemental hawaiian splendor is a collaborative book kelly made with his sister, molly hart, and you can find out more about it on the linked page.
for many years kelly was immersed in film-making as a profession and you can review some of this on this page, as well as his animation.
we’ve made youtube videos about a variety of these topics, so here is a page about our dog videos and one about our videos of living in mexico.
we have a delightful friend who is a fine landscape painter now in her 90s. kelly created a book of her paintings: the seasons of geneva weiss. take a look at her art in the book right on that page.





 hartworks llc, our business which operates this website,  is a participant in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com. 
categories

art and photography

cozy mysteries

dogs, cats, & llamas

mexico

our websites

sustainable architecture


books by kelly hartearthbag architecture
remodel green
rolling shelter: vehicles we have called home
san franciso’s psychedelic sixties
elemental hawaiian splendor
cozy mysteries by zana hart#1 dead in the stacks
#2 bad weather, bad man
#3 the dog barked murder
search the site

search for:




pageshome
about
contact
sitemaps
privacy policy
terms
 




©2025 - hartworks  
 
 

↑








