

home





 








sign in
sign-up




 




 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close











winter haven skatepark






winter haven skatepark  page
what's new page
current photos
one nation contest pictures
lube cubes
about skatepark and me
contact me
skateboarding/ reference links
guest book page




welcome!and sorry for not updating the site as much as i should
this site is dedicated to getting us a skatepark in winter haven. it includes everything from pictures, to news, to instructions for new skateboarders. enjoy the site, and if you have any suggestions, go to my contact page.



photo gallery
i need the skaters of polk help i need you to send me photos this will help me get new pic in an out because i know we are all tried of th same pics 
winter haven skatepark news
i was in the news paper about the skate park and site every thing came out real good and got some new contacts and hopefully things will fall into place and we will get are skate park.... we also need to help out the skaters in bartow and call the city manager their and in winter haven if we do that and show them we have a voice things will start to change.....


citizens of winter haven info
we need the citizens of winter haven to support the development of a publicly funded skateboard park in our town. many other cities across polk county have opened such parks, and few have reported problems or lawsuits.  studies have shown that skateboarding is no more dangerous than tennis or basketball, and certainly poses less of a liability threat than a public pool: all of which are provided for in some part by the city. we have recognized the need for and benefits of a skatepark; and we believe that our city should at the very least aid us by parceling a portion of public land for this use, and at least fund, build and maintain a skatepark as it would a tennis court, basketball court, swimming area, playground, baseball diamond, or other general use public area. contact me if you have any comments on this.
mparr53536@aol.com



for new skateboarders
i will periodically put trick tips when i can, but you can also e-mail me and i can help you. 
mparr53536@aol.com



 














