












home








































menu





home

 
services

 
samples

 
contact
 
















































hi there! my name is tom. i am a tech writer. i have interviewed executives at google, apple, linkedin, and many others.i have written thousands of blog posts for technology companies.my content creation process uses three simple steps.










i discover the most popular content.i have advanced tools that search the web, looking for the most shared articles.








i research the topic thoroughly.i use content clusters to cover all the aspects related to a particular topic.








i write articles that drive traffic.i create content that attracts website visitors and pleases the top search engines.










my servicesi write various types of content. that's what my business is all about. so, contact me to get high-quality articles, blogs posts, white papers and ad/sales copy without having to pay exorbitant prices. i offer great content at great prices. guaranteed.read more



















how-to content samples








how to choose a mobile phonewhen you are looking for a new phone, there are dozens of models to choose from. according to datareportal.com, smartphones account for three-quarters of all the mobile handsets in use today. but how do you know which one is best for you?the key question is what sort of phone you want. do you need a high-end device that has all the latest apps and features? are you interested in a more basic handset, which is better suited to less demanding tasks?read more








how to create images for the weban image can be a fantastic communication tool. the right photo creates the right mood for a message, tells a story, and evokes a powerful emotion. in fact, images may be more important than the server you choose to host your site. they aren't just a bunch of digital files with fancy shapes and carefully chosen white space.but how can you find that perfect image that portrays your brand? in this article, i will discuss the elements you need to think about when you're ready to create an image for your next blog post or website page.read more








how to improve internet speeddid you know that more than half the homes in the u.s. don't have a solid wi-fi connection? the cause is simple: according to data-alliance, most routers which use the 2.4 ghz band have ranges of under 100 feet indoors and 200 feet outdoors. and things get much worse when various obstacles (walls, fish tanks, electronic appliances, etc.) get in the way.when it comes to long-range wi-fi, the newer 5 ghz band is practically unusable, because radio waves tend to bounce much more at higher frequencies.read more








how to create strong passwordsif you work in it, you have certainly encountered people who use passwords such as "123456" or "password". in fact, several recent high-profile data breaches have resulted from the use of weak passwords like these. a survey by the national institute of standards and technology (nist) found that most people use weak passwords, and just 1 in 5 are confident that they can remember complex passwords.computer scientists define a password as being a string of characters which is used to authenticate a user.read more










client testimonialtom has created several blog posts for me. i enjoy his style and clarity! he is an excellent writer and an all-around nice guy. one of his articles was written so well it attracted dozens of facebook shares. i am sure that you are going to love his work too.paul grantham










need high-quality content?contact me



























