












earthjustice: because the earth needs a good lawyer


























































skip to content





 













 







 
about us about earthjustice our team offices never rest financials your donation at work career opportunities diversity, equity, and inclusionour work how we work our programs our clients our stories victories press room en españoltake action action center action alerts the action tip guide make a tribute gift manage monthly gift other ways to givedonatesearchwe take on many of the biggest environmental and health challenges of our time and stick with them. the law makes change.because the earth needs a good lawyer.













 













 



donate












 
about us about earthjustice our team offices never rest financials your donation at work career opportunities diversity, equity, and inclusionour work how we work our programs our clients our stories victories press room en españoltake action action center action alerts the action tip guide make a tribute gift manage monthly gift other ways to givedonatesearchwe take on many of the biggest environmental and health challenges of our time and stick with them. the law makes change.because the earth needs a good lawyer.








 










 



    because the earth needs a good lawyer






for 50 years and through 14 presidential administrations, earthjustice has fought for clean water, clear air, and a healthy environment for all. we’re not stopping now.
we are prepared to fight back against a deregulatory and pro-polluter agenda because no one voted for dirty air and water. no one voted for toxic chemicals harming our communities. no one voted for a spiraling climate crisis.
with your support, we are ready for this moment. give monthly today, and your support will be matched $1:$1 for 12 months!








double my impact








because the earth needs a good lawyer
for 50 years and through 14 presidential administrations, earthjustice has fought for clean water, clear air, and a healthy environment for all. we’re not stopping now. we are prepared to fight back against a deregulatory and pro-polluter agenda because no one voted for dirty air and water. no one voted for toxic chemicals harming our communities. no one voted for a spiraling climate crisis.
with your support, we are ready for this moment. give monthly today, and your support will be matched $1:$1 for 12 months!








double my impact








 










 



    behind nearly every major environmental win, you’ll find earthjustice.




















 




        15      

        offices      

offices






 




        200      

        lawyers      

lawyers






 




        620      

        active legal cases      

active legal cases














 


earthjustice was founded on the belief that everyone has the right to a healthy environment.





the law is the most powerful tool for change. when we go to court, we get results.





we serve hundreds of public-interest clients, providing top-tier legal representation free of charge — and we win.







see our impact
















 


where the trump administration is going and where we stand







learn








 


we will not just watch our government get dismantled







learn
















 



    we’re a nonprofit in the business of building a better future.








donate








 


clean air.
clean water.
wild places.
at earthjustice, we think they’re worth fighting for.









 











 















 



    about







who we areen españoldiversity, equity, and inclusionboard of trusteesannual reportsvictoriescareer opportunitiesprivacy policycontactrequest for legal assistance





 



    get involved







donateaction centeremail & text alertsrenew your supportbecome a justice partnerlegacy gift planningearthjustice storesupporter faq





 



    member center







manage your monthly giftmanage your email subscriptionsmanage your postal mail subscriptionsupdate your contact informationview your donation history





 



    the law makes change






stay informed on how we hold accountable those who break our environmental laws.








sign up











follow earthjustice on facebook





follow earthjustice on instagram





follow earthjustice on bluesky





follow earthjustice on threads





follow earthjustice on youtube





follow earthjustice on tiktok





follow earthjustice on linkedin





follow earthjustice on reddit










 













 










 


© 2025 earthjustice. we respect your privacy. earthjustice is a 501(c)3 nonprofit. your contribution is tax-deductible. ein 94-1730465.






 











 













