















california congress of republicans







































































 


















home
president’s page

speaker series
from the capitol


ccr

speaker series
ccr editorials
ccr chapters

chapter events
chapter newsletters


leadership
bylaws
ccr chapter starter kit


join the ccr
donate
contact ccr
 





select page


  
 



 



 












zoom opens feb 20 5:45 pm










ccr - meet the candidates quantity


add to cart















a word frommark hershey, ccr president




my review of the 2024 presidential election

it has been a busy, but exciting last several months for republicans in california. ballots dropped in early october and the counting ended in december. we celebrated thanksgiving, christmas, and attended many family and friend get togethers. and last monday, we witnessed a most beautiful inauguration of our 47th president donald j. trump.overall, quite good results for republicans. the return  of donald trump to the presidency seemed essential to our nation’s survival and he won in deciding fashion with a majority of the popular vote as well as 312-226 electoral vote shellacking. he won all seven of the competitive states including the entire “blue wall.”thank you to everyone for your hard work assisting local campaigns  and getting our message out to the voters.republicans are only 24% of the registered voters in california. presidential elections historically have higher voter turnout, with 70% voting in 2020. due to the terrible policies by the current democrat controlled regime have caused high inflation, unprecedented gasoline prices, poor economic conditions for businesses,  out of control crime, massive homelessness problem, open border crisis, fentanyl deaths, and demonization of parents by public school officials. it is not realistic to think we can win every race, but we must re-elect our republican incumbents while we add more republicans to congress, assembly and state senate. the most impactful influences on our own living conditions are the policies and ordinances made by our local offices. do not overlook the importance of electing qualified, responsible candidates for city council, water board, and school board offices. removing the one party dominated legislature begins with baby steps, but i believe we can make a big jump in the next election cycle.









welcome to ccr! mark hershey, ccr president
the ccr has many objectives, some of which are: (a) to become an influential political force for constructive action to preserve and protect responsible constitutional government, (b) to educate members and the public at large regarding pending legislation, candidates for public office, and the important issues of the day, (c) to encourage qualified republicans to seek public office, (d) to help republican candidates get elected, (e) to increase republican registration and voter turnout, and (f) to promote unity, effectiveness and loyalty among all republican groups.
my lastest posts

ccr shines at cagop convention
a holiday message from our president
congress of republicans endorse the yes vote on governor recall election
no more taxes. please
introduction to ccr

presidents page



speaker series
to achieve some of ccr objectives, we partnered with south peninsula area republican coalition (sparc) to provide a monthly “speaker’s series” presentation.  an important and timely topic is selected and then an outstanding speaker is scheduled for the event. these topics include: “what’s next for the supreme court”; u.s. and china relations; california ballot initiatives; post-election analysis; legislative attacks on proposition 13; and the effects of propositions 47 and 57 on the criminal justice system.
 


 
 
speaker series





about the ccrthe california congress of republicans (ccr) is a grass-roots political organization, founded in 1989 and permanently chartered by the california republican party. ccr is built upon the shared republican principles of limited government, lower taxes to create genuine economic opportunities, individual liberty, personal responsibility and leadership in world freedom.
 

continue



join the ccrcalifornia congress of republicans provide an opportunity for like-minded individuals who share important core values to network and socialize with each other. this camaraderie can be furthered by participating in or joining a chartered organization in their community.  because ccr is statewide and a chartered organization, its members’ voices are heard at the california state republican party level.
 
donate
join





ccr chapterscalifornia congress of republicans (ccr) is a statewide organization, permanently chartered by the california republican party with chapters throughout the state of california. many of our members also serve on their respective county republican central committees and local republican clubs.
new chapter website for south county congress of republicans: http://sccrepublicans.org/
 
chapter events
 
ccr chapters hold local events. you can view all the current events here
 
 
chapters



chapter newsthe numerous chapters of the ccr publish newsletters or important information for their respective chapter.
recent news

hemet-san jacinto congress of republicans newsletter

 
news





leadershipthe page contains a listing of all the ccr and ccr chapters leadership and their titles.
 
 
leadership



from the capitolnews/articles from sacramento

new: gavin newsom calls for bill modeled on texas abortion ban to crack down on gun manufacturers

gavin newsom aims to ban oil drilling

newsom recall
no more taxes please
kalifornia

from the capitol





donatethe california congress of republicans provides resources to its chapters throughout the state, and hosts monthly events to inform voters. please help us continue to make these services available to california voters. you can enter the amount that fits your budget.
 
 
 
 
donate



contact uswe welcome new members with diverse ideas, who relish the power of teamwork. we will assist you in building your chapter. ccr helps identify, bring forward and endorse statewide candidates.
to discuss or have questions concerning the ccr or it’s chapter’s you can reach out to:
 

mark hershey – ccr presidentpresident@ccr-gop.com
john murphy  – membership secretaryjohn.murphy8801@gmail.com

contact us






register republican




ccr chapter starter kit



 








contact uspresident
 mark hershey
email 
president@ccr-gop.com


membership secretary john murphy
email 
john.murphy8801@gmail.com


recent posts


sierra ccr: february 2025 featuring congressman kevin kiley


a hand-hewn letter to citizens of the free world


my review of the 2024 presidential election


ccr & sparc: january 2025 speaker series featuring david tangipa


hemet san jacinto congress of republicans january 2025


sparc: how to take back california featuring will swaim


sparc holiday party 2024


join the california congress of republicansmake a differencejoin a chapterthe ccr has many chapters located throughtout the state. 
 
donatedonations keep the ccr strong. 



home
president’s page
ccr
join the ccr
donate
contact ccr
 
 





facebook




x


© 2025 california congress of republicans.  

 
 
 



































































