
















	illinoispress > home









































 











site
web


search









register



login
















homeadvertisingipa media kit ipa mediamembers - advertising servicesdownload network adsdownload network flyersdownload insertion ordersdownload certificate of publication certificate of publicationservicesservices homemember resourcesmedia servicesjob bankreal news real newsnewsmatters real newspress release serviceipa pay centerpresslinesabout usabout illinois pressipa boardcontact usmembershiplegal & legislativelegal & legislative homefoia & oma issuesadvertising issuespublic notice lawspublic notice guidelegal defense fundnewspaper & business issuesmedia & courtspostalpni house adseventsevents homeconvention conventioncontest contestpast events/contest winners past events/contest winnersadvertising sales awards advertising sales awardseditor/reporter awards editor/reporter awards









 
 
 


homeadvertisingipa media kitmembers - advertising servicesdownload network adsdownload network flyersdownload insertion ordersdownload certificate of publicationservicesservices homemember resourcesmedia servicesjob bankreal newsnewsmatterspress release serviceipa pay centerpresslinesabout usabout illinois pressipa boardcontact usmembershiplegal & legislativelegal & legislative homefoia & oma issuesadvertising issuespublic notice lawspublic notice guidelegal defense fundnewspaper & business issuesmedia & courtspostalpni house adseventsevents homeconventioncontestpast events/contest winnersadvertising sales awardseditor/reporter awards













site
web


search






register

              |
              login
















homeadvertisingipa media kit ipa mediamembers - advertising servicesdownload network adsdownload network flyersdownload insertion ordersdownload certificate of publication certificate of publicationservicesservices homemember resourcesmedia servicesjob bankreal news real newsnewsmatters real newspress release serviceipa pay centerpresslinesabout usabout illinois pressipa boardcontact usmembershiplegal & legislativelegal & legislative homefoia & oma issuesadvertising issuespublic notice lawspublic notice guidelegal defense fundnewspaper & business issuesmedia & courtspostalpni house adseventsevents homeconvention conventioncontest contestpast events/contest winners past events/contest winnersadvertising sales awards advertising sales awardseditor/reporter awards editor/reporter awards













home


wednesday, february 19, 2025

















certificate of publication





click here for details.













public notice illinois








save
save
save
save












 




all





 

 




link
top web









 




link
advantage newspaper consultants (anc)









 




link
metro creative graphics









 




link
january spring































all (697)

industry news (126)

ipa news (24)

obituaries (121)

people in the news (94)

what you said (64)

impact (25)













ipa headlines















10



illinios press association back for another try


						  posted on 2/10/2025 1:55:00 pm 




						chronicle vying for division c's top prize 
						
read more

 categories: all, ipa news |   





10



jack helbig: caustic critic had love for teaching, chicago theater


						  posted on 2/10/2025 1:35:00 pm 




						the theater critic jack helbig was famous for withering capsule theater reviews in such publications as newcity and the chicago reader, demolishing productions he found wanting in a pithy sentence. he famously called one show "the worst thing that happened in chicago since the st. valentine's day massacre" and, in an apocryphal story that became legendary in chicago theater circles, and that helbig loved, a famous playwright once hurled a retaliatory insult across a crowded room that compared he...
						
read more

 categories: obituaries |   





10



obituary: jane lethlean


						  posted on 2/10/2025 1:25:00 pm 




						freeport, il — my name is jane lethlean. i was born on december 10th, 1958, to a wonderful mother, doris meier lethlean quakenbush, and to a father, robert lyle lethlean. later in life, my step-father howard quakenbush came into my life and stepped into the role of father. my older brothers curt, steve, and bob lethlean welcomed me home from the hospital.
						
read more

 categories: obituaries |   





10



officially in the running


						  posted on 2/10/2025 1:01:00 pm 




						jaleel jones wins second hearing, will be included on april ballot as candidate for ward 1 alderman
						
read more

 categories: industry news |   


page 1 of 226 firstprevious [1]2345 nextlast









































quicklinks





member log-in 
+ contact us 
+ events 
+ presslines 
+ job bank 
+ advertising toolbox 
+ upload pages 
+regular member newspapers





















press releases



subscribe to rss headline updates from: powered by feedburner 






























































 

















 












for immediate release: january 8, 2025

contact information:
                                    christopher weishaar
                                    digital public relations specialist
cweishaar@studentloan.org
                                    (515) 273-7140
                                     

six $1,500 scholarships now open to midwest high school seniors
high school seniors from six midwest states have a chance to earn the scholarships
                                     
west des moines, iowa — high school seniors from illinois, kansas, missouri, nebraska, south dakota and wisconsin now have a chance to receive one of six college scholarships worth $1,500. registration is open now through april 30, 2025. parents are also able to register their student.

                                    high school seniors or their parents may register for the isl midwest senior scholarship at www.iowastudentloan.org/midwest. isl education lending will award $1,500 scholarships to six students whose names are randomly drawn after the registration period. there are no financial need, grade point average or class rank requirements. the isl midwest senior scholarship can be used at any eligible institution in the united states.

                                    registered participants also receive emails highlighting financial literacy tips, such as the importance of early career and college planning and ways to reduce student loan indebtedness.

                                    “student loan debt is a huge concern for new college students,” said steve mccullough, president and ceo of isl education lending. “as a nonprofit, we provide tools and resources to help high school seniors plan so they can reduce the amount of debt they need to take on while achieving their education goals. students sign up for a chance at a $1,500 scholarship, and we take that opportunity to share information with them about our free resources.”

                                    the isl midwest senior scholarship is open to legal u.s. citizens who are seniors at a high school in one of the qualifying states during the 2025-2026 school year and who intend to attend college, either virtually or physically, in fall 2025. it is a no-purchase-required program, and full rules and details are available at www.iowastudentloan.org/midwest.

additional resources available
                                    in addition to offering student loans, isl education lending has other resources for families planning for college and for students who intend to pursue advanced degrees. the parent handbook consists of valuable tips to help families of students in sixth through 12th grades prepare for success in college and other postsecondary options. parents of students in eighth through 12th grades can also sign up to receive twice-monthly emailed tips on academic, college and career planning through the student planning pointers for parents program. the college funding forecaster helps families understand the total cost of four years of college based on a freshman-year financial aid offer. information about these resources is available at www.iowastudentloan.org/smartborrowing.
# # #
about isl education lending
                                    established in 1979 as iowa student loan liquidity corporation, a private, nonprofit organization, isl education lending helps students and families obtain the resources necessary to succeed in postsecondary education. isl has helped nearly 400,000 students pay for college, offering student loans and other products under the name isl education lending. the organization, based in west des moines, iowa, also provides an array of borrower benefits, financial literacy tools and community reinvestment programs, including support for free college planning services for students and their families. for more information, visit www.iowastudentloan.org.

 





























 












for immediate release: january 7, 2025

contact information:
                                    illinois state medical society
                                    jann ingmire
janningmire@isms.org
                                    (312) 520-9802
                                     

illinois state medical society offers free programs for health professionals to address human trafficking awareness
                                     
as january marks national human trafficking awareness month, the illinois state medical society (isms) is offering a free, two-part webinar series aimed at equipping physicians and other health care professionals with the tools to identify and support those individuals exploited by human trafficking. the series, which is available on demand, is designed to challenge stereotypes, clarify the various factors contributing to trafficking, and provide practical approaches for assisting survivors of both sex and labor trafficking.

                                    health care professionals are uniquely positioned to identify and assist trafficking victims due to their frontline access and trusted roles within the community. by offering these programs, isms aims to raise awareness and offer resources to professionals who may come across survivors in their care.

                                    january 11 is recognized as national human trafficking awareness day, and the month as a whole is dedicated to increasing awareness of trafficking, which affects millions globally. according to a 2017 survey of 127 human trafficking survivors, 69% reported having accessed health care services at some point during their exploitation. of those, 85% sought treatment for injuries or illnesses related to their trafficking. despite this, only 6% of health care workers reported having treated someone who was a victim of trafficking.

                                    the two no-cost, on-demand programs, available 24/7, offer continuing medical education (cme) credits and are designed to help health care professionals recognize signs of trafficking, improve their response, and ensure proper support for survivors.

human trafficking: identification and response in a healthcare setting 

presented by anna pastor, coordinator, cook co. human trafficking task force

human trafficking: practical approaches and resources in a healthcare setting

presented by traci kurtzer, m.d., medical director for trauma informed care and education, northwestern medicine

                                    the programs are free to all health care professionals and the public. 
###

 
















































 






















































































































































disaster checklist for newspapers





click image to find the ipa disaster checklist!
 




































2501 chatham rd. , suite 200              


springfield, illinois 62704


217-241-1300



  


 
 



















copyright 2021 by illinois press association
|
privacy statement
|
terms of use

  

















