




leadership development for youth--white stag leadership of california





















































get our leadership sourcebook | sitemap | contact us | 


















 


  

home
apply for camp 
information for...

parents
leaders
youth
alumni
media


about the white stag program

a brief history
parents guide to white stag
about the white stag venture crew
about the leadership program
media relations


choose your leadership level 

patrol member development program
patrol leader development program
troop leader development program


why white stag works

learning, not teaching
a multi-year experience
spirit and traditions
success oriented
volunteer non-profit
"training" vs. "developing" leaders
coeducational experience
a place to fail and grow
 a contract for personal growth
building for the future


the eleven skills of leadership

getting and giving information
understanding group needs and characteristics
knowing and understanding group resources
controlling the group
counseling
setting the example
representing the group
planning
evaluation
sharing leadership
manager of learning
the historical background of the leadership skills


the aims of white stag

character development
citizenship training
physical fitness
leadership


turning teens into teams

the direct approach
the evaluation attitude
the hurdle method
the infinity principle
the manager of learning methodology
the outdoor approach
the patrol method
the system approach
spirit and traditions


origins of the white stag program

white stag history since 1933
u.s. wood badge origins in white stag
national junior leader training origins in white stag

1971 national bsa pilot test of white stag
historical background of leadership development
white stag leaders' address to the national bsa council
world scouting reference paper no. 1 by bela banathy
leadership development by design--a report on an experiment


baden powell's 1933 jamboree farewell
report on the 1933 jamboree
principle organizers

béla h. bánáthy
fran petersen
maury tripp
joe st. clair
uncle paul sujan


press coverage of white stag 
the symbolism of the white stag


team leadership skills for teens













white stag sierra events

key camp dates
july 13-19, 2025 summer camp in the sierras
white stag camp


 
 







 






teens learning leadership 
	  hands-on in the california sierras
 white stag leadership camp is for teens 11-18. located 21 miles (33 km) west ofâ truckee, california, it is set amidst tall fir trees and high alpine meadows in the tahoe national forest, far from the uncomfortable hot weather and dry, dusty conditions common in interior coastal california.
during leadership camp, you learn by doing, while enjoying swimming, canoeing, rowing, rock climbing and rappelling, hiking. there are nightly campfires and songfests. you'll hike multiple trails leading to the many nearby lakes and peaks.â 

white stag sierra will make your summer memorable. enjoy new friendships and learn leadership. white stag sierra leadership camp is set for july 13-19, 2025 at camp robert cole in the tahoe national forest, california. early bird camp fees are only $575,  less than many comparable programs. only 120 candidates are accepted. apply early to assure yourself a space.




white stag sierra at camp robert cole, california, was founded in 1958. it has provided leadership development experiences to thousands of youth from across the world. 
fun with a purpose
we build trust, confidence and self-esteem. we challenge youth to use their skills, teamwork, and strategy to overcome challenges. depending on their age, youth gain skills in leadership including planning, communicating, personal interests and abilities, setting achievable goals,  time management, negotiating and counselling. white stag is much more than a camp. it's where future leaders are developed.
white stag camp is fun with a purpose. camp outdoors all week, sing your heart out, cook outdoors, go hiking, and learn 11 leadership skills at white stag sierra. choose from any of its three  programs:

youth 10½ to 13 usually attend patrol member development. .
youth 13 to 15 typically go to patrol leader development. 
teens age 15-18 typically attend  troop leader development. 
      

what makes white stag distinctive 
at white stag, while playing games, hiking, camping, and cooking outdoors, you learn and practice leadership and problem solving skills, how to make decisions, assess your individual strengths and   weaknesses, goal-setting, planning, and   self-advocacy. learn more about what makes white stag leadership camp distinctive.

mirroring the real world, we offer a coeducational learning opportunity. youth are fully supervised at all times. we take a holistic approach to learning, giving participants an experience that affects their hands via outdoor skills, head via leadership skills, and heart via our spirit and traditions. 

leadership skills for youth
we believe in leadership development by design. we know that good leaders never stop learning. we constantly check to see how we are progressing. we continue to focus on the basics, teaching eleven leadership competencies.








 
 copyright © 1998— all rights reserved. brian t. phelps. contact me.
design, development and hosting provided as a public service by phelpstek





