






















bahamas day cruise enjoy the day - bahamas day cruise































































home
 






















menu

home
the ship
vacation packages

hotel and cruise package


cruise prices
 










bahamas day cruise enjoy the day










bahamas day cruise to bimini and freeport | enjoy the day


cruise to freeport or bimini, from fort lauderdale




port everglades to the bahamas




people having fun on the bahamas day cruise

on board the bahamas day cruise:welcome aboard the discover island cruise as we cruise to grand bahama island…schedule itinerary of activities:the perfect getaway for everyone on our 1 day cruise to grand bahama island from ft. lauderdale, florida.bahamas vacation packages:for vacation packages that include grand bahama island hotel and resort stays.lauderdale vacation packages:for vacation packages that include fort lauderdale hotel stays plus the island cruise.






bahamas day cruise
it is time for you to enjoy your day off.we can cruise you to a tropical island in the bahamas and get you back for work the next day.

time to relax on the bahamas day cruise
only $ 99.00
call usa 954-969-0069
rated 3.0 out of 5 based on 20 customer reviewsfrom june 20, 2012, and april 15, 2013
















departure point
fort lauderdale ( port everglades )south florida is a great place to visit and even better to live, and one of the many things that makes it even greater is the proximity to many tropical and sub-tropical islands. whether you are planning a vacation, a birthday or wedding celebration, an important meeting, or any special event, consider a revitalizing cruise to grand bahama island for a day. furthermore, we tempt you to reserve a cruise with a hotel package, inviting you to enjoy the island for a few days. we can also reserve a great hotel in ft lauderdale so you can relax and enjoy all south florida has to offer before you set sail on the caribbean sea. we’ll even have a hotel waiting for you when you get back with a host of ideas to fill your days.


the port of fort lauderdale 1 day cruise, leaves at 8 am from ft lauderdale, with rates starting at $99 plus tax per person, for details, please call954-969-0069to travel to the bahamas for the day, us citizens need a valid passport  stay on the island for a while longer? choose one of our exciting grand bahama resort packages.itinerary:leaves from fort lauderdale at 8:00 am gets tofreeport grand bahama at 11:30 amleaves freeport at 6:30 pm returns tofort lauderdale at 9:00 pmcall 954-969-0069cruise to grand bahama island, from fort lauderdale florida, usa*99.00/person
a valid passport is required for u.s. citizens to travel to or from the bahamas. permanent alien residents of the u.s. must present a valid alien registration card (green card) for travel.stay on the island for a while longer? choose one of our exciting. (passport is required.)grand bahama resort packages.










 

share








tweet


 pin it

 










bahamas day cruise copyright © 2025.
theme by travel411 












