




sheely's furniture, mattress, & appliance store



































 

 

 




skip to main content




free local delivery!
















search























                        location_on
                    


come say hello!


aurora, oh


north lima, oh



view all





account_circle




cart


0






search





search
















locations


view cart 0


sign in













































































































































































what customers are saying about sheely's...




 navigate_before 


our delivery team was wonderful. they delivered our washer and dryer today and it was perfect. they were fabulous. we have purchased from sheely's for years and everyone is always fabulous!
- jodie f.
i called to compliment our delivery team of rickie and austin on their attitudes and professionalism. they were quick and efficient and did a great job.
- tim r.
i wanted to call and compliment our delivery team of preston and david. we were very pleased as they put everything where we wanted it.
- tom s.
we love our new furniture. the guys who delivered it, tom and josh, were wonderful and did a great job.
- ladonna o.
i just have to compliment steven and aaron on their professionalism today during our delivery. they were great!
-dan c.


 navigate_next 

see all comments



shop living roomshop bedroomshop dining roomshop entertainmentshop home officeshop appliances shop mattressessheely's furniture & appliance is located in northeastern, ohio. the furniture, mattress and appliance store services the ohio, youngstown, cleveland, pittsburgh, pennsylvania areas.with two furniture, appliance and mattress showrooms that combined exceed over 145,000 sq ft and an additional 150,000 sq ft of warehouse, sheely’s has ohio’s largest selection of furniture appliances and mattresses.  we are a one-stop shop for everything you need to make your house a home including living room, dining, bedroom, youth, cribs, entertainment, home office, accents accessories and more!  plus, we service and sell appliances including top brands like frigidaire, whirlpool, ge, lg, kitchenaid and speed queen.  our newly updated mattress gallery offers you the opportunity to test over 50 mattresses from quality vendors like tempur-pedic, sealy, simmons, sterns and foster and whitedove. we offer everyday low pricing, free local delivery, free haul away on old bedding and appliances and a price match guarantee so you can shop sheely’s everyday with confidence that you are getting the best value, service and product.  whether your home is in the surrounding areas of aurora, boardman, canfield, chagrin falls, columbiana, hudson, poland, twinsburg, salem, solon, warren, youngstown, ohio or aliquippa, beaver falls, coraopolis, cranberry, new castle, north hills, sewickley, or ross township pennsylvania sheely's is your destination furniture, appliance and mattress store for all your design needs.










don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?




















north limaaurorastay connectedbbb rating: a+


sheely’s furniture & appliances features the largest section of living room, bedroom, dining room, home office, entertainment, accents and accessories as well as mattresses and appliances in northeastern ohio and western pennsylvania.  sheely’s offers everyday low pricing, free local delivery and in-house service techs in a low-pressure sales environment to the youngstown, cleveland and pittsburgh markets including boardman, canfield, columbiana, poland, aurora, chagrin falls, solon, hudson and cranberry pennsylvania.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information























×









continue shopping







email

email is required


important field



really important field



submit
no thanks












