


c. a. walker | strategic research | qualitative research | surveys | testing

























































c. a. walker
strategic research | qualitative research | surveys | testing


about us

about us
our commitment
an astute team


our services

our services
analytics


clients

current clients
testimonials


tools

tools
means test
proportions test
calculator


contact us
 




















































global market research services based in los angeles







evaluate your market attractiveness
evaluating viability of market categories, providing a richer understanding of size, demographics and other key factors, strengthening your advantages and minimizing your disadvantages.  helping uncover your points of differentiation, optimal positioning, market threats and niche opportunities.
read more 



consumer and shopper market research
profiling and segmenting your key targets, including desires, lifestyles, purchase habits, drivers and barriers. gauging attitudes, awareness and usage of your products or services, responses to your advertising and other materials, developing your optimal pricing strategies and tracking changes in metrics over time.
read more 



corporate market research
providing reactions to your new products or services, advertising and promotions, for business to business channel strategy development. custom market insights may be used in press releases, on websites and in newsletters to build your credibility and provide a value-add service to your customers.
read more 



unlock your brand value
assessing your brand awareness, image, strengths and weaknesses, versus competitors in key markets.  evaluating and optimizing co-branding appropriateness with potential impact upon sales.
read more 







 search 




 
how c.a. walker is different from other market research companies c.a. walker's senior researchers are experts, averaging 20 years experience. they oversee your project beginning to end.
our mid-size means that you get the best value for your research investments. we take pride in our responsiveness to your changing needs, and our in-house data collection, data processing, and analytic teams save you time and money.
we make sure your results are reliable and actionable. in addition to providing quality insights, we welcome the opportunity to present and discuss results with you and your key stakeholders.











about c.a. walker
at c.a. walker, we hold ourselves to the highest standards to bring you meaningful results. when our clients come back to us again and again, some for 30 years, they validate the solutions we deliver -- and the service that gets it to them.


privacy policy | © 2025 c. a. walker                | vmca


address

121 west lexington drive
suite l103e
glendale,ca 91203

phone: (626) 584-8180
email: info@cawalker.com






















