ï»¿breathtaking st. simons island resort hotel | sea palms resortskip to content  instagram for sea palms    facebook for sea palms resort    twitter for sea palms resort    linkedin for sea palms resort   book now×make a reservationhave a question? 800.841.6268check in ) check out  adults  children  book now toggle navigation    stayrooms & suitesresort amenitiesplaygolfgolf groupsmembershipdinegathermarryour venueswedding specialswedding packageswedding suiteswedding eventselopementslet's planexploreoffers welcometo sea palms resort great thingsare happening at sea palms great thingsare happening at sea palmsset among salt marshes our resort on st. simons islandlisted by travel + leisure as one of the “top 5 best us islands,” beautiful sea palms resort is set amidst the picturesque salt marshes of georgia’s golden isles. a standout among st. simons island hotels, sea palms features sumptuous accommodations in our secluded island-within-an-island retreat. learn more   image slide1, link to larger image, clubhouse seating area  unlock new memories  link to larger item photo listitemcarouselimage1stayget away from it all in our luxurious rooms and suites with views of enchanting salt marshes. our spacious and airy accommodations are available with various floor plans and amenities to suit your island holiday. each space is designed with your comfort in mind. enjoy modern amenities like high-speed wifi and smart televisions with streaming services to stay connected, or lounge on the balcony with good book to immerse yourself in nature to relax and recharge. learn more play a round  link to larger item photo listitemcarouselimage1  link to larger item photo listitemcarouselimage2playenhance your island vacation with a first-class golf experience. our course is set within the island’s lagoons and salt marshes, offering a lavish coastal getaway complete with world-class dining and special events. in addition to  golfing, you can perfect your tennis game or relax poolside at our st. simons island golf resort. resort amenities food for the soul  link to larger item photo listitemcarouselimage1dinewelcome to sago, our on-site full-service restaurant and bar. named after the native species of palms (sago), our restaurant underwent a major renovation that was completed in 2021. sit poolside on our outdoor patio, or inside our dining room for lunch, dinner, and cocktails.with a newly modernized and refreshed dining room, the addition of our new menu, and our seasoned culinary team, we are excited for you to come try all of the good things happening at sea palms.learn more host an eventlink to larger item photo listitemcarouselimage1gathersea palms has room for every type of gathering. from a small monthly board meeting, to a large annual conference, and everything in between, our facilities can be custom-tailored to suit your needs. with our brand new accommodations just steps away, and access to all of our resort amenities, your group will have the best of work and play.with 18 holes of golf, scenic and natural salt marshes, on-site dining, and peaceful accommodations, sea palms resort has it all for your next family reunion, golf outing, or team building excursion. host an event forever starts herelink to larger item photo listitemcarouselimage1marrysay “i do” without any worry when you choose to celebrate your special day with us. sea palms provides all the services a couple needs to make their day unforgettable. with beautiful outdoor venue spaces, on-site catering from our experienced culinary team, luxe hotel accommodations, and guidance from our event team, planning your wedding will be like a piece of (wedding) cake.learn more  contact & locationcareersgalleryresort policiesprivacy policyweb accessibilitysitemap footer navigation for mobile navigation   sea palms resort  515 north windward drive st. simons island, georgia 31522 united states    phone:  912.638.3351 sign up for special offers  sign up   instagram for sea palms resort    facebook for sea palms resort    linkedin for sea palms resort copyright © 2024  scroll to top  call uslocationbook now