


















representative herb conaway |





























































          skip to main content
        




























1022 longworth house office buildingemail(202) 225-4765





 








aboutcommittees and caucuseseventsour districtvotes and legislationcontactemail menewsletter subscribeoffice locationswebsite problemscheduling requestmediapress releasesin the newsissuescongresseconomyeducationenergyhealthveteransservicesart competitioncongressional app challengefederal funding freeze assistance requestcommendations and greetingsflagsgrant applicantshelp with a federal agencyinternshipsmilitary academy nominationstours and tickets







 























      image    








                      taking the oath of office
                 


a historic first: congressman herb conaway jr., m.d. sworn-in to u.s house of representatives congressman herb conaway jr., m.d. becomes the first black physician with voting privileges to serve in congress.

read more






      image    








                      newest members of congress
                 


newly elected members join seated members in the 119th united states congress.

read more






      image    








                      119th united states congress convenes
                 


the 119th congress convenes in january of 2025, and will conclude in january of 2027.

read more





slide 1


slide 2


slide 3




previous



next





























home













how can i help?








      image    





flagsflag order form
if you would like to order a u.s.




      image    





help with a federal agencyour office may be able to help resolve a problem or get you the information you need.




      image    





tours and ticketsrequest tickets and tours for various washington d.c. destinations. all tickets are provided to constituents on a first-come, first-served basis so request tickets early.


more services




























latest news








conaway jr., md, foushee, barragán, sánchez, pressley, chu introduce bill to expand child care access 



february 13, 2025 press release

washington d.c. — today, reps.


read more 








congressman herb conaway jr., md hosted his first town hall meeting as a member of congress



february 13, 2025 press release

washington d.c — last week, congressman herb conaway jr., md, hosted his first town hall at the burlington county library, where he engaged with constituents on critical issues facing the community and the nation.


read more 








democratic doctors oppose rfk jr.’s nomination to lead hhs



february 4, 2025 press release

washington d.c.— today, all six democratic physicians in the house of representativesspoke out against the nomination of robert f. kennedy jr. to become secretary of health and human services (hhs). representatives maxine dexter, m.d. (or-03), ami bera, m.d. (ca-06), raul ruiz, m.d. (ca-25), kim schrier, m.d. (wa-08), kelly morrison, m.d.


read more 






more news










stay connected
subscribesign up to receive e-mail updates from me on issues that are important to you.














      image    













meet herb
congressman herb conaway is currently serving his first term in congress as the representative of the 3rd district of new jersey.  read more














facebook



  house democrats










instagram



    view this profile on instagram           house democrats (@house democrats) • instagram photos and videos










x



tweets by @repherbconaway 






















 
back to top button 



















nj03







contact us



washington dc office1022 longworth house office buildingwashington, dc  20515phone: (202) 225-4765











copyright


privacy


house.gov


accessibility


rss






indicates required field




opening text
please sign up here to receive email newsletter updates from representative conaway. you may cancel or unsubscribe at any time.



your information



first name: 



last name: 



email:






            captcha: enabled to secure this form.
          







if you are having difficulty using captcha's visual option, please visit the accessibility page for more assistance.



 


















































































