


roger reece seminars: training, motivational speaking, team building






























































 







dynamic seminars & keynotes by motivational speaker, trainer 
                        & facilitator, roger reece
creating value 
                          through productivity and teamwork






your people 
                        are your most valuable resource. 
                        invest in their growth, develop 
                        their skills and build
                        a greater spirit of teamwork throughout 
                        your
                      company or organization.













we 
                          provide dynamic training seminars in:
 









leadership 
 time management
 stress management
goals & achievement
customer service
 team building
selling skills


communication
assertiveness
conflict resolution
working with difficult people
 creative 
                            thinking 
embracing 
                            change










a 
                          high-energy, fun and 
                          challenging group 
                          learning experience
roger reece's training 
                              seminars and team 
                                building programs are motivational, lively and provocative. 
                              roger uses examples from his personal experiences and draws 
                              on the expertise of members of the group. 
 group discussions, business simulations, 
                            team games and group activities ensure that everyone stays involved 
                            and immersed in learning throughout the seminar. roger's highly 
                            interactive teaching style and quick sense of humor consistently 
                            bring in the highest ratings from seminar participants and meeting 
                            planners. 





 

creating value
the primary mission of every organization 
                              is the creation of value. businesses 
                              measure value in terms of equity, revenue and bottom line 
                              profits, but value creation extends far beyond financial statements.

in what ways do you create value? 
how can you increase the value 
                              you create:
                              
for your organization?
for your team?
for yourself and your 
                                  family? 



this focus on creating value is central 
                            to every one of our keynotes, seminars and team building workshops. 
                            whether the specific topic is leadership, time management 
                            or customer service, attendees receive practical tools & 
                            techniques for creating and building lasting value. 















 moving out of the comfort zone
people naturally gravitate toward 
                                    their comfort zones. it's the path of least resistance. 
                                    most people are productive working there, because it's 
                                    often their area of greatest competency. but real growth 
                                    comes from learning and exercising new skills and techniques. 
                                    by exposing your people to new ideas through motivational 
                                    skills training, you will provide them the catalyst 
                                    they need to move from their comfort zones to greater 
                                    levels of productivity and competency.





schedule 
                            an in-house training seminar 
our productivity training and team building 
                                seminars are designed to motivate and empower your people 
                                to expand beyond their current productivity levels. 
by sponsoring in-house time management, 
                              stress management or team building seminars, you'll send a 
                              signal through your organization that you're serious about 
                              productivity and teamwork. contact 
                                us today to schedule a seminar.




for more information about our seminars and to find out how 
                            to book motivational speaker and trainer, roger reece for your 
                            next meeting or conference, contact 
                              us.











roger 
                                  reece seminars is based in atlanta, georgia, and 
                                  focuses on enhancing the productivity of individuals and 
                                  teams through training seminars, team building workshops 
                                  and motivational keynotes.






 
roger 
                            reece is an accomplished motivational speaker and seminar leader
                            with 40 years of public speaking, training and business experience. 
                            he holds an mba from emory university and is a member of the 
                          national speakers association.







 


 
 




















 




 
              email: info@rogerreece.com


1425 market blvd, suite 
              530-250 • roswell, ga 30076 (atlanta) 
              • 770-642-9298
              © copyright 2017, roger reece seminars, all rights reserved
 
 












