










home page - commission on accreditation for pre-hospital continuing education
















internet privacy disclosures and consumer rights statements

i accept
view document
















home

user resources

about
contact
faq
privacy
privacy contact form

reviewers

reviewer application



providers

providers



capce certificate assistance


remote conferences guidance




courses


find a course




applications

my online applications
application information
request online application key
organizational application
capce pricing standards



log in







































































































			welcome to the commission on accreditation for
			prehospital continuing education (capce) web site.
			capce is an accrediting body charged with the review
			and accreditation of ems continuing education (ce).
			we are not a provider of ems ce.  however, you can use
			this site to
			find capce accredited educational providers 
			and capce accredited courses including
			on-line courses, live courses and virtual instructor led training
			refresher classes.
		

			if you are an individual or company that provides ems
			continuing education programs, you can use this site to
			complete and submit your application for capce accreditation.
			information about capce and its accreditation standards can be
			found in the capce accreditation manual.
			most of your accreditation
			questions can be answered by reading the
			capce accreditation manual.
			please feel free to contact us in the office at any time if you have
			additional questions.
		





					 challenge coins available for pre-order
				





capce-ems.myshopify.com





				capce has become aware of various continuing education providers who falsely represent that they are accredited by capce.
				below is a list of those who presently state or imply that they and/or some of their courses are capce accredited.
				their courses are not capce accredited and may not satisfy any certification or recertification requirements.
				you may contact capce to confirm the status of any capce accredited provider, or follow this link
				to see the list of capce accredited education providers.




						emergency medical institute training center (emi-tc auh)
					










application key: if you want to apply for accreditation,
			click here for an online application key.
		

resources
		

capce 2023 accreditation manual/manual de acreditación 2023
curriculum matching
capce data ownership standards
capce accredited online refresher courses
combined application for one time event, multiple event and distributive learning fees 3.2024
capce pricing standard - organizational accreditation
remote conferences guidance
capce accredited courses
capce accredited continuing education providers
capce publications



national ems museum




capce is pleased to support the national ems museum project.
		

			click the icon for information about this effort dedicated to
			memorializing and commemorating the history of ems and the
			individuals and organizations that provide emergency care.
		




capce and peer reviewed journals
			the capce board of directors strongly encourages accredited providers to cite peer reviewed journals. thus, the following links are offered:
			

link to annals of emergency medicine website
www.annemergmed.com


prehospital emergency care
informahealthcare.com/pec


academic emergency medicine
www.aemj.org






					capce represents only that its accredited
					programs have met capce standards for accreditation.
					these standards require sound educational offerings
					determined by a review of its objectives, teaching plan,
					faculty, and program evaluation process. capce does not
					endorse or support the actual teachings, opinions or
					material content as presented by the speaker(s) and/or
					sponsoring organization. capce accreditation does not
					represent that the content conforms to any national,
					state or local standard or best practice of any nature.
					no student shall have any course of action against capce
					based on the accreditation of the material.
				






            © 2025 - commission on accreditation for pre-hospital continuing education | privacy policy






