






















hamilton relay | hamilton relay


























share



        share this page on…    

facebook
twitter
google+
linkedin

 





text size:–+










menu
↓
↑



what is relay service?
how it works
state services
our team
news & events












            hamilton relay is available at no cost, 24 hours a day, every day – making it possible for individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, deafblind or have difficulty speaking to communicate over the telephone.
        












the hamilton relay connector is going green!
stay connected to all the latest news from hamilton relay.


sign up today







‹
•
›





latest news


may 01, 2024
hamilton relay now providing service to tennessee


march 01, 2024
celebrating our first national community leader award winner


july 01, 2023
hamilton relay now providing service to nevada


july 01, 2023
hamilton relay now providing service to mississippi




hamilton relay







        the hamilton difference
    






                hamilton relay focuses on what matters most to relay users – fast connect times and highly professional communication assistants who facilitate calls seamlessly.
            

                most importantly, hamilton relay understands that each relay user is unique. so we listen to our customers and work to match the right services to specific situations. not just filling a need, but empowering and enhancing the lives of our customers.
            









                    hearing on the phone may be a source of frustration for you or someone you care about – but it doesn’t have to be.
                


                    designed exclusively for individuals with hearing loss, the hamilton® captel® phone works just like any other phone. when the phone rings, you answer it. when you want to make a call, you dial the number. the clear difference is that with hamilton captel, you can listen and read word-for-word captions of everything said to you over the phone.
                
learn more about hamilton captel solutions today







more about hamilton relay


            hamilton relay has been providing telecommunications relay services for individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, deafblind or have difficulty speaking since 1991. hamilton relay is a division of hamilton telecommunications®, a diversified telecommunications service provider headquartered in aurora, nebraska. established in 1901 as a small regional telephone company, hamilton telecommunications has grown to not only provide local telephone service and relay services, but also provide internet service, data center services, information systems, business-class ethernet and digital iptv for its customers.
        

            hamilton relay began providing traditional relay services (trs) within its own home state. over the years, hamilton has expanded to provide trs and captioned telephone service in numerous contracted states and also provides internet-based captioned telephone services such as hamilton captel for web/ios/android™ nationwide.
        

            for more than a century, hamilton’s culture and values have been shaped by our employees, customers and shareholders as a driving force to our success. we value the spirit of hard work, responsibility, innovation, collaboration, diversity and inclusion that enables our growth and guides us as we pursue our mission.
        







the hamilton captel phone requires telephone service and high-speed internet access. wi-fi capable. voice and data plans may be required when using hamilton captel on a smartphone or tablet. hamilton captel may be used to make 911 calls, but may not function the same as traditional 911 services. for more information about the benefits and limitations of hamilton captel and emergency 911 calling, visit hamiltoncaptel.com/911. federal law prohibits anyone but registered users with hearing loss from using internet protocol (ip) captioned telephones with the captions turned on. ip captioned telephone service may use a live operator. the operator generates captions of what the other party to the call says. these captions are then sent to your phone. there is a cost for each minute of captions generated, paid from a federally administered fund. to learn more, visit fcc.gov.









what is relay service?
how it works
state services
service notifications
careers




news & events
newsletter
better hearing and speech month recognition awards
deaf community leadership awards
high school scholarships




we’re here to help
contact us
get updates
sitemap




emergency calling 911 info
terms & conditions
privacy policy

hamilton relay home







facebook
twitter
instagram
linkedin









copyright © 2025 hamilton relay. all rights reserved.
hamilton® and hamilton relay® are registered trademarks of nedelco, inc. d/b/a hamilton telecommunications.
captel® is a registered trademark of ultratec, inc.
third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners.





back to top







to chat with a hamilton customer care representative, please complete the form below.

your contact information

name*



first name







last name










email*







state*



select your state...
alabama
alaska
arizona
arkansas
california
colorado
connecticut
d.c.
delaware
florida
georgia
hamilton
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota
ohio
oklahoma
oregon
pennsylvania
puerto rico
rhode island
saipan
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virgin islands
virginia
washington
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming





which service are you inquiring about?*



--
tty
vco
2-line vco
hco
2-line hco
telebraille
voice
sts
español
captel





 

chat now

* required information
                        













