




nyc psychologists the right therapist = better therapy plus life coachingcognitive behavioral psychologists, therapists, new york city
































 






cognitive behavioral psychologists, therapists, new york city

cbt & schema therapy may be right for you.
call 212-258-2577





















































































































 

new york and westchester psychologists are not all the same. cta helps you determine the right kind of therapy and matches you with the best therapist. some attempts at therapy will fail! not all forms of therapy or therapists are the same.
now with tele-therapy (zoom, phone, facetime).
the movies often portray therapy as freudian psychoanalysis, also called psychodynamic therapy. while there are elements of that kind of therapy that can be useful, for many people, particularly those who want rapid results, cognitive behavioral therapy (cbt) is the best solution. our therapists are trained in cbt and incorporate other forms of therapy when appropriate.
don’t waste your money or your time on therapy that is less likely to help.  you deserve happiness and success and the sooner you achieve it the better.  find out if  cognitive therapy or schema-focused cognitive therapy is right for you.
if you work or live in manhattan, brooklyn, westchester, nassau and the surrounding communities, chances are there is a cognitive behavioral therapist (approved by cognitive therapy associates) close to you.
call us at 212-258-2577 so we can help find the best therapist for you.
cognitive behavioral therapy (cbt) is a clinically-proven, highly effective treatment for depression, anxiety (panic attacks, phobias, ocd, and other stress disorders), relationship problems, low self esteem, and more. if you are in or near the new york city area (manhattan, westchester and long island), and are looking for a licensed professional counselor who is trained and experienced in the use of cognitive behavioral treatment techniques, including schema therapy, contact us at cta: 212-258-2577. we will match you with a therapist who is right for you, either a psychologist or social worker trained in cbt and/or schema therapy. our offices are located throughout the new york city area. phone and/or skype sessions are available as well.
there are many different modalities (types of therapeutic treatment), from psychodynamic psychoanalysis and jungian psychotherapy to the more recent developments in brief therapy and self-help.  curious how cognitive behavioral therapy compares with other kinds of therapy, check out our types of therapy section.





menu
home
cognitive behavioral therapy
schema therapy
psychotherapy – focus areas

individual counseling: cognitive therapy & schema therapy
anxiety, & anxiety disorders
panic attacks and panic disorder
phobias, fears and panic attacks
obsessive-compulsive disorder (ocd)
depression: signs, symptoms & treatment of depression
self-esteem
stress management
assertiveness training & assertive communication
anger management & control
workplace issues, stress in the workplace
drug & substance abuse, addiction treatment
eating disorders: compulsive overeating
codependency treatment
grief, bereavement and loss
executive coaching, life coach


couples, marriage and family therapy – focus areas

marriage counseling and couples therapy
family counseling: family therapy and cbt
relationship therapy
parenting issues & family therapy


licensed therapists
phone sessions or skype therapy
articles

top 10 dating mistakes
top 10 relationship wreckers
young couples and marriage
diets – it’s not what you eat, it’s what you think
top ten weight loss / maintenance power tips: on the road to weight wellness


contact / office locations
about cta





types of therapy
relationship problems & counseling
family counseling: family therapy and cbt
top 10 dating mistakes
top 10 relationship wreckers


© copyright 2001-2024. all rights reserved. cognitive therapy associates. 

licensed therapists & psychologists throughout the nyc area: manhattan, westchester, white plains, brooklyn, queens, the bronx, and long island (nassau & suffolk counties.) during the summer, additional therapists are available in the communities of the hamptons, sag harbor, fire island & the north fork.  hq 6 donellan rd. scardsdale, ny 10583 -- nyc 11 west 42nd st, 2nd floor c/o didit, new york, ny 10036

privacy policy
 








 