








high plains reader, fargo nd | your
    alternative weekly arts and entertainment newspaper





























toggle navigation

























feature

solitude among seniors this thanksgiving
writer's block
culture
hpr abroad
best bets


arts and entertainment

arts
cinema
music
outdoors
theatre
humor
geekspeak


eat and drink

all about food
beer snob
cocktail showdown


opinion

engine of inequality
editorial
letters to the editor
last word


lifestyles

live and learn
love and marriage
wellness
transcorner


calendar
about hpr

media kit






























search
















​non-profit spotlight
january 15th, 2025

by hpr staff we’re all a part of building strong, healthy and inclusive communities. but the region’s non-profit organizations do a lot of the heavy lifting. now it’s time for these organizations to step into the spotlight. we asked several north dakota and minnesota nonprofit organizations to share three easy ways our readers can help them reach their goals in 2025. from fargo-moorhead to grand forks, valley city to bismarck, these groups showcase great art, local agriculture and regional history. they rescue animals, combat food insecurity and housing discrimination and help us be more thoughtful, informed and connected citizens. they educate children, support and honor elders and lift up our most vulnerable populations.  make no mistake, giving money is great; even if an organization doesn’t specifically list donations as a top way to help, your financial contributions are usually the most effective way to help a cause. but funding is just one resource we can provide. our time, talents, in-kind donations — and even our social media activity, our chats with our friends and our attendance at community events and performances can all make a big difference. emergency food pantryemergencyfoodpantry.com “the emergency food pantry's role in the community is to provide food to neighbors who can not afford food for the entire month,” explained executive director stacie loegering. “we know that consistent, healthy food options are vital. when an individual or family is struggling with hunger, they are not able to be the best they can be. we all pay the price of hunger. as the economic and social costs of malnutrition, chronic illness, unemployment and low productivity rise, we all benefit when fewer are hungry.”three ways to help:donate non-perishable food and hygiene items: items on the wish list include canned beans, tomatoes and fruit, one-pound containers of peanut butter or rice, as well as bar soap, shampoo, toothpaste and toothbrushes.give cash to feed families: “financial donations allow us to manage the most immediate needs,” loegering explained. “a $35 donation will provide a week's worth of food to a family of five.” volunteer: the pantry needs helpers to assemble food baskets. volunteers also hold food drives, help with organizational tasks and serve on committees or on the board of directors. plains art museumplainsart.org/ “plains art museum connects art, artists and audiences to foster creative, resilient and welcoming communities,” said cody jacobson, graphics and communication manager. “plains art is the only accredited art museum in north dakota, connecting local and regional artists to national artists. the museum is also home to a thriving education department that includes a fully functional print studio, a ceramic studio and a 2d community art studio.three ways to help:give money: “your donation keeps plains art museum general admission free every day of the week,” said jacobson.…
read more...







trending

news
april 18th, 2017
armed dapl mercenary arrested in bismarck
music
may 8th, 2014
​wild hands: new dakota bluegrass
live and learn
may 18th, 2022
​it takes a village
arts
june 12th, 2014
​lost and found at the rourke’s 55th midwestern
music
october 18th, 2021
the evolution of prof


















 



recently in:



news
standing rock v. u.s.


by winona ladukewinona@winonaladuke.comit’s been eight years since the water protectors were cleared off the banks of the cannonball and missouri rivers. it was a bitter ending to a battle to protect the water; and for most of us…





culture
​non-profit spotlight


by hpr staff we’re all a part of building strong, healthy and inclusive communities. but the region’s non-profit organizations do a lot of the heavy lifting. now it’s time for these organizations to step into the spotlight.…





best bets
​north central hootenanny: a celebration of regional bluegrass music


february 22, 6-7pmempire arts center, 415 demers avenue, grand forkspolish up your dancin’ shoes there’s a hootenanny in grand forks that you won’t want to miss. twin cities-based pert near sandstone joins forces with pick…





editorial
​an electric heater-side chat about queer kids today


by faye seidlerfayeseidler@gmail.com as i write this article, it’s january, and the temperatures in north dakota are negative. i’m living in a house and our furnace just died a forever death after years of quick fixes. yet,…





gadfly
​have homo sapiens evolved to humanus stupidiens?


by ed raymondfargogadfly@gmail.comhomo sapiens are now old enough to know betteraccording to fossil experts — so far, homo sapiens have been around for about 300,000 years, evolving slowly from a few other homos, until most of the…





cocktail showdown
wine recommendations for this holiday season


by rick gionrickgion@gmail.com holiday wine shopping shouldn’t have to be complicated. but unfortunately it can cause unneeded anxiety due to an overabundance of choices. don’t fret my friends, we once again have you covered…





all about food
​optimistic about the 2025 f-m dining scene


by rick gionrickgion@gmail.com so far in 2025, announcements for new restaurant openings in the metro far outnumber closings. this is good news going into the new year for us hungry folk. in my opinion, the positive trend will…





music
​zero place: one band, two albums


by john showalterjohn.d.showalter@gmail.com local band zero place has been making quite a name for itself locally and regionally in the last few years. despite getting its start during a time it seemed the whole world was coming to…





cinema
​drew hancock finds a ‘companion’


by greg carlsongregcarlson1@gmail.com to write with any degree of detail about filmmaker drew hancock’s “companion” requires a spoiler alert. so if you have not seen the movie and hope to wring maximum enjoyment from the…





arts
​jamestown arts center celebrates 60 years


by sabrina hornungsabrina@hpr1.comin 1974, the jamestown arts center started as a small space above a downtown drugstore. it has grown to host multiple classrooms, a gallery, performance studio, ceramic studio and outdoor art park.…





theatre
fun and games with the barker brothers


by john showalterjohn.d.showalter@gmail.comhigh plains reader had the opportunity to interview two mysterious new game show hosts named milt and bradley barker about an upcoming event they will be putting on at brewhalla.  what…





humor
all hail the hotdish


by annie prafckeannieprafcke@gmail.com austin, texas – as a chinese-american, connecting to my culture through food is essential, and no dish brings me back to my mother’s kitchen quite like hotdish. yes, you heard me right –…





beer snob
​a taste of the drift prairie


by sabrina hornungsabrina@hpr1.comnew jamestown brewery serves up local flavorthere’s something delicious brewing out here on the prairie and it just so happens to be the newest brewery west of the red river and east of the…





wellness
living in the shadows: the struggles of finding community while battling grief and mental health


by josette ciceronunapologeticallyanxiousme@gmail.com what does it mean to truly live in a community  —or should i say, among community? it’s a question i have been wrestling with since i moved to fargo-moorhead in february 2022.…





live and learn
​please lead with compassion for queer and trans youth


by faye seidlerfayeseidler@gmail.com on dec 5, the turning point usa chapter at north dakota state university hosted an event called bisonfest. this event featured chloe cole, a former trans kid, known for detransitioning and…





last word
an election story with a happy ending


by jim fugliejimfuglie920@gmail.com a friend of mine, a well-known bismarck liberal (i have a few of those), came up to me after church the other day and asked, “so, are you moving out of the country?” i knew he was referring…


 
 








© high plains reader 2025



















