



   






welcome to usf college of marine science




















skip to main content


university of south floridausf college of marine science



search






search for: 







main navigation
menu



give now



about us

overviewour visioncms college factsdirectoryemploymentclam bayou marine education centerlive webcamcome visit us



research

overviewfacilities and equipmentpartners and groupsresearch vessels



education

overviewdegree programs and curriculumprospective studentscurrent studentsusf making waves reucourses offeredgraduate program handbookcontact uscome visit us



faculty

overviewfaculty directorypostdoctoral researcherscourtesy professorsresearchers


community engagement

news

news articlescms in the newspublicationsexperts guide searchrising tides newsletternewsletter sign-up






myusf
directory








welcome to usf college of marine science


previous
slide 1
slide 2
slide 3
slide 4
slide 5
next


                        				pamela hallock muller named university of south florida distinguished university professor
                        			


                        				chuanmin hu elected to 2025 class of optica fellows
                        			


                        				usf scientists deploy tsunami-sensing buoy, aiding future warning system
                        			


                        				art-science collaboration sheds new light on ocean research
                        			


                        				usf and partners launch innovative accelerator program to grow the marine economy
                        			








               				global research
               			
               				a snapshot of our fieldwork
               			

               				students
               			
               				the lifeblood of our mission
               			

               				visit us
               			
               				explore our waterfront campus
               			

               				giving
               			
               				invest in the college
               			









the florida flood hub for applied research and innovation
the flood hub is a first in florida. established by the state and based at the university
                  of south florida college of marine science, it bridges the gap between scientists,
                  policymakers, practitioners, and the public to help communities mitigate and adapt
                  to flooding risks. the flood hub’s goal is to improve flood forecasting and inform
                  science-based policy, planning, and management decisions.
learn more about the flood hub 





         blogs & perspectives 
         




         
                  pamela hallock muller named university of south florida distinguished university professor
                  
tuesday, february 18,         
               2025
               
a world-renowned biogeological oceanographer, pamela hallock muller’s incredible career
               started at the college in 1983.





        
                  students make a splash at the 41st annual graduate student symposium
                  
monday, february 10,         
               2025
               
the usf college of marine science (cms) hosted its 41st annual graduate student symposium
               (gss) on friday, january 31. gss is an opportunity for cms students to present their
               research to the community via oral or poster presentations.



calendar of events




         cms in the news
         




        
                  deep-sea shipwreck explorer looking for anchor of hmt empire windrush honoured
                  
wednesday, february 12,         
               2025
               
a shipwreck hunter searching for the lost anchor of the hmt empire windrush said he
               wants to “highlight the story of pioneers” who helped create a multicultural britain.





         
                  senate panel advances coastal resiliency bill focused on ‘green-gray infrastructure’
                  
wednesday, february 12,         
               2025
               
the proposal aims to improve coastal resiliency and lower flood insurance costs.




         join our team
         
the college of marine science at the university of south florida invites applications
         for nine-month tenure-track faculty in chemical oceanography and geological oceanography.





         publication highlights
         
zach bunnell, a doctoral student in the lab of tim conway, is the lead author on a
         paper published in geophysical research letters. the paper found that iron from wildfires
         in california makes it to the equatorial pacific, where it may influence surface productivity.
         click on the image to read more.







            rising tides newsletter
            
sign up to stay up-to-date with the latest news from usf college of marine science.






university of south florida





menu

about usf
academics
admissions
locations
campus life
research


administrative units
regulations & policies
human resources
work at usf
emergency & safety
title ix


usf health
usf athletics
usf alumni
support usf
usf libraries
usf world




140 7th avenue southst.petersburg, fl 33701, usa727-553-1634

facebook
x



youtube
instagram



copyright © 2025, university of south florida. all rights reserved.
this website is maintained by usf college of marine science.

privacy
contact usf
visit usf
accessibility



  

