











medical physics online







 


 
online





read
subscribe

aapm members
library sales
copying and other use
other aapm publications


deputy editors
editorial board
board of associate editors

ae guidelines


impact factor 4.506
submit an article

instructions for authors
submit an article







advertise
plagiarism
archived volumes
book reviews

book review template



point/counterpoint compendiums

point/counterpoint compendium volume 3
point/counterpoint compendium volume 2
point/counterpoint compendium




ph.d. abstracts

ph.d. abstract template



communications
medical physics events calendar

journal website home
aapm home




this is the website of the international scientific journal medical physics
medical physics is the scientific journal of the american association of physicists in medicine and is an official science journal of the canadian organization of medical physicists, the canadian college of physicists in medicine, and the international organization for medical physics (iomp). it publishes research concerned with the application of physics and mathematics to the solution of problems in medicine and human biology. manuscripts covering theoretical or experimental approaches are published.
click on the image to access the journal
learn about medical physics and what medical physicists do.


the editorial team


editor-in-chief
john m. boone
editor (therapy)
stanley h. benedict
managing editor
elle thomas
deputy editors
editorial board
board of associate editors


medical physics video abstracts
if you are a medical physics author interested in submitting a video abstract to the journal, please see our instructions.

 open access articles
medical physics accepts articles for open access publication for a fee of $3040 usd. 
  

freely available articles
in addition to open access articles, many other categories of  articles published in medical physics are available at no cost and can be accessed without a password. for the most recent freely available articles, please click here.

editor’s choice
editorials
award winning papers
aapm scientific reports

submit an article
  learn more about medical physics manuscript categories and requirements. please see our author guidelines for manuscript submissions.
   
subscribe to medical physics



medical physics is an official science journal of the aapm and of the comp/ccpm/iomp
john m. boone, phd, editor in chief
university of california at davis
1631 prince street
alexandria, va 22314
medphys@wiley.com
©2025, american association of physicists in medicine. individual readers of this journal, and nonprofit libraries acting for them, are freely permitted to make fair use of the material in it, such as to copy an article for use in teaching or research. (for other kinds of copying see "copying fees.") permission is granted to quote from this journal in scientific works with the customary acknowledgment of the source. to reprint a figure, table, or other excerpt, see "how to request permission to re-use wiley content" form. in addition, aapm may require that permission be obtained from one of the authors. address all inquiries to the editorial office, medical physics journal, aapm, 1631 prince street, alexandria, va 22314 | medphys@wiley.com

***the views and opinions expressed in articles published in medical physics are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of aapm, their staff or affiliates.***






