




up all night productions – matthew bodi brenowitz
















































portfolio
who is up all night
services & clients

digital marketing
video editing
event videography


how it all works
contact





























 







 







creating engaging content for over 20 years  

we create outstanding videos   

let's make something great together 

 


 





we add value to your project
engaging videos at an affordable cost
our mission is to create content that causes results and enriches the lives and work of our clients.





i'm up all night so you don't have to be








up all night productions is owned and operated by matthew bodi brenowitz.
a commercial and fine arts videographer with a varied background in the film, video, web and music industries. with over 15+ years in the production industry in miami, fl, up all night is in a prime position to bring your vision into reality.



full story ➝


hear what our clients say about us.




































portfolio 


























advet_simple_fun_b from up all night productions llc on vimeo.




paradise challenge teaser from up all night productions llc on vimeo.
	



frangipani_resort_30sec_teaser from foodquest on vimeo.
	











arroyo_vicki&amaury_master from matt bodi brenowitz on vimeo.
	



on the mike with mike sherman promo from matt bodi brenowitz on vimeo.
	



before the fame with mike sherman from mike sherman on vimeo.
	







































on the mike, johnny depp, bob sinclar, roger sanchez, billy bob thornton, jamie kennedy, pitbull, dione warwick,pharrell from onthemiketv on vimeo.
	






on the mike - steven spielberg, tom cruise, p.diddy, drake, toni braxton, snoop dogg, neyo from onthemiketv on vimeo.
	



on the mike with mike sherman promo from matt bodi brenowitz on vimeo.
	














cohen wedding clip from matt bodi brenowitz on vimeo.
	















client testimonial













contact us now to create something amazing together 







 







 

copyright © 2019 up all night productions all rights reserved
customized by simiyawordpress




















































