









bethel ridge home page













































homeabout us	our services education servicesemployment servicestransition servicesrecreational servicesresidential servicesindividual / family supportrecreationemerald balllearning centerhow to helpcontact usmake a donation 




























 
providing support
promoting independence
 
 

















				heroes work here!			



i just finished a tour of all of our homes and apartments. our avidd staff are amazing! their commitment to avidd’s mission was very evident. they truly are heroes!
terry mckeon, executive director, avidd & bethel ridge 










				transition services			



we teach and assist with developing strengths in high school students to prepare and acclimate them to the workforce.  










				heroes work here!			



our avidd staff are amazing! their commitment to avidd’s mission was very evident. they truly are heroes!
terry mckeon, executive director, avidd & bethel ridge 










				learning center			



our special education teachers provide academic and life skills support in a nurturing environment. our program enhances employability and moves individuals towards independence.  










				heroes work here!			



i just finished a tour of all of our homes and apartments. our avidd staff are amazing! their commitment to avidd’s mission was very evident. they truly are heroes!
terry mckeon, executive director, avidd & bethel ridge 




























												welcome to avidd community services & bethel ridge									

avidd community services & bethel ridge provides quality programs that enable individuals to reach their highest level of achievement and independence. these programs ensure that each individual becomes a contributing member of his or her community. community housing, job training, job placement services and social/recreational experiences are provided to support and enrich the lives of adults. 
principles of service to enhance the quality of life of the individuals we support


encouraging independence


preserving dignity


personalizing services


enabling freedom of choice


fostering individuality


protecting privacy


nurturing the spirit


involving family and friends


 





avidd and bethel ridge dedicates their efforts to supporting people with disabilities in achieving their goals.



 


we are starting 2019 off on the right foot, everyone needs to fill one out!



register winter classes





big bubble bonanza

october 6, 2019



recreation programs
















we believe that intellectual and develomental disabilities do not detract from the value that individuals hold.  with assistance, people with disabilities can fulfill their potential, become as self-sufficient as possible, and participate in the community around them.  for this reason, we dedicate our efforts to supporting people with disabilities in achieving their goals.





















92 broadway, suite 101denville, nj 07834phone (973) 664-1770 avidd@aviddnj.org






















homeabout us	our services recreationemerald balllearning centerhow to helpcontact usmake a donation 

terms of useprivacy policy









bethel ridge • copyright © 2019 • all rights reserved • design: williamkellydesign.com










