






lok n logs: custom log home & cabin kits | red pine







































































 








skip to content





























product info
models

ranch models
cape models
gambrel models
two story models
log garages


commercial

investment
business
forts and public projects


shop

log products
stains & caulk


contact








0






cart










no products in the cart.


					return to shop				












 






 








find the model that fits you
free catalog download

download









build your dream log home today!













browse our models
get started by browsing our different models and floor plans.

browse models






join the community
join our cabin lovers community and stay updated on everything log home.

join now









who we are

download catalog







global leader
lok-n-logs log homes began in 1975 and we are one of the few log home manufacturers in the country who fully pressure treat and kiln dry our logs and hand-peel them for the rustic look. over the past 45 years we have sent log packages to 42 us states and 8 countries on 4 continents.
in 1992, lok-n-logs became the first log home manufacturer committed to pressure treating all log components with sodium borate, an epa-registered preservative. we offer the industry’s first (and only) transferable lifetime warranty against damage to your log components by wood-digesting insects or decay. sodium borate will not change the wood’s natural appearance, has no unpleasant odors and provides protection for logs without potentially hazardous solvents.




log home tour
get inspired by touring our main model and office virtually!












 





full support
we have helped thousands of customers build their dream log home. we will support you through the entire process.
fully custom
start by choosing the model and floor plan that best fits your needs. our designers will then work with you to customize it to your liking.
quality product
pre-cut logs, kiln dried, pressure treated, and a variety of log styles to choose from. our product stands above.




our product
































browse models










other log products

lok-n-logs is more than a log home company. we produce a variety of rustic accents and structural logs for both exterior and interior! have a custom project? give us a call today!











log siding










log railings










log fireplace mantels










log posts










rafters and joists










stair materials




shop log products







stains & caulks

shop the top stain and caulking store!













































shop i wood care








join the community!



facebook

[efb_feed fanpage_id=”loknlogsloghomes” type=”page” words_limit=”25″ post_limit=”2″ skin_id=”86″ cache_unit=”1″ cache_duration=”days” live_stream_only=”0″ load_more=”0″ links_new_tab=”1″ show_like_box=”0″]

		



instagram

[my-instagram-feed user_id=”17841405982419575″ skin_id=”84″ feeds_per_page=”6″ caption_words=”25″ cache_unit=”1″ cache_duration=”days” load_more=”0″ links_new_tab=”1″ show_stories=”0″ ]

		





learn about log homes





 
 
 


are log homes energy efficient?
click to read









 
 
 


how to clean a log home
click to read









 
 
 


how to strip a log home
click to read








 











download our catalog today!

free download













floating buttons






      call
    



      free planning session
    



























 


        copyright 2025 ©  lok n logs. 7898 state route 12 | p.o. box 677 | sherburne, ny | (607) 674-4447 web design by hostzily 









product info
models

ranch models
cape models
gambrel models
two story models
log garages


commercial

investment
business
forts and public projects


shop

log products
stains & caulk


contact



we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. do not sell my personal information.cookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept










 




login


username or email address *required
 

password *required




 remember me

 log in


lost your password?































