








seawatch - dedicated to a healthy sea of cortez

















 




toggle navigation




 



home
who we are

our history
mike mcgettigan
advisory board

hans herrmann
(miguel sanchez navarro)
howard and michele hall
michel & barbara meyer stinglhamber
terry maas, d.d.s.
robert rubin phd.
arlene burns



research archival

seawatch 2003 website


articles & videos

2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2013
2011
2010
2009
2004


we support

espã­ritu santo es parte de ti
roc


contact

contact us
contact roc
contact authorities


donate today
 
 
 

 













past
seawatch led the change in mexican law

			  on the use of compressed air for fishing

 



present
roc boats run by former illegal

			  fishermen patrol night and day

 



present
working to restore reefs and reef fish

			  in espiritu santo national park

 
 


future
your donations continue to fund

              organizations vital to a healthy sea

 
 
previousnext
 
 




mike  mcgettigan, sea watch founder, has been diving, filming & fishing the sea  of 
			    cortez 
year around for over 47 years. he has logged over 350,000 nautical miles  in 
these
waters
on one sailboat & 3
yachts. his activist history in the sea  of cortez is here.


seawatch was founded in 1993 by group of people concerned with the rapidly declining fish populations in the sea of cortez. since then we have initiated, petitioned and gotten regulations enacted that prohibit the use of compressed air for any fish extraction in all mexico’s ocean waters.
 in 2009, seawatch working with local supporters initiated citizen driven vigilance to stop illegal fishing that was taking 20 tons of fish each night and day from the bay of la paz. this program, funded primarily by seawatch, has grown to become roc the highly successful group of former illegal fisherman who patrol the local waters of the sea of cortez day and night. roc patrol boats carrying government authorities are stopping the illegal fishing and other illegal activities harmful to the endangered and threatened marine species in the area.



there is only one place in the entire sea of cortez that has  reversed the declines in fish populations. twenty years ago the citizens of cabo pulmo national park took matters into their own hands, and with community-wide commitment, stopped the illegal fishing that was killing the reef and reef fish populations by providing 24-hour vigilance. they reversed the decline and the recovery in fish populations was spectacular. nowhere else has this happened in the sea of cortez until now. seawatch working  with several local organizations has helped create a second major fisheries  recovery at espiritu santo national park in la paz. for details please enjoy  the video below.	  	  






in 2016 seawatch initiated and is funding a very successful campaign to  replicate the success of cabo pulmo & help the regeneration in the bay of la paz and at the archipelago of espiritu santo national park.

		    “espã­ritu santo es parte de ti” (espiritu santo is part of you) is a local, grassroots campaign working through community awareness in la paz to restore  community pride, promote good practices and eliminate illegal fishing in the park.





the reef fish recovery continues in espiritu santo national park


 it is only through your generous donations we are able to fund these and other organizations vital to the regeneration of the espiritu santo national park, the sea of cortez and the bay of la paz. 
we at seawatch thank you!

 















what's new at seawatch


 seawatch annual holiday raffle
this year's annual holiday raffle in support of our seawatchâ projects featured
                       this beautiful, limited editionâ bronze sculpture, calledâ making waves,â donated byâ scott hanson.



this is one of scott's mostâ popular sculpturesâ andâ and sold in major galleries for $7200.00. 




seawatch year end raffle 

the lucky winner is gordon harris! scott  hanson donated his  popular “winter song” sculpture to seawatch for our year-end  raffle. this beautiful sculpture was raffled in january. we thank you for your support of the raffle and look forward to your support and the success of future raffles. money raised helped seawatch fund the organizations vital to the recovery of the sea of cortez. watch the video of scott hanson here...


espiritu santo es parte de ti 
				    
				    featured in conservation watch magazine 

conservation watch magazineâ is published by theâ garden club of america's conservation committee members. it's a quarterly online newsletter featuring conservation and environmental news. seawatch is proud of the campaign we originated and support espirituâ santo es parte de ti (espiritu santo is part of you) and their feature article in this magazine.â read the article...


gillnetting protected mobula rays
see this recent video and act today

the mobula rays are a joy to watch as these expert acrobats jump, twirl and belly flop through the sea. the sea of cortez is the world's premium destination for viewing the largest schools in the world, sometimes exceeding 10,000 individuals. they are seasonal visitors and visit baja in may-july and november - january. these rays are protected by mexican law read more... 






find seawatch on facebook and you tube
  

                	        

                

 
 
 


 how you can help save the sea of cortez


consume responsibly
abstain from eating all fish that protect the health of the reefs including parrotfish and surgeon fish


report illegal activities
be our "eyes on the water" take photos, record positions, and send reports to the authorities


donate
your donations contribute to the work of espiritu santo es parte de ti and the efforts of roc





info@seawatch.org· copyright © 2020 · all rights reserved · seawatch.org



 
 






