









exploring jesus-like generosity — generous giving





















































































































skip to content



























 
who we are our story our team & board our beliefsevents journey of generosity celebration of generosity canadian celebration of generosityhost talk to our team about hosting a jog jog host resources schedule my in-person jog schedule my online jogwatch all videos stories teachings past conferences












 

  
facilitator trainings
church resources
generosity resources
blog
gg connect
submit a story
contact us
 










 

  home
who we are

our story
our team & board
our beliefs


events

journey of generosity
celebration of generosity
canadian celebration of generosity


host

talk to our team about hosting
jog host resources
schedule my in-person jog
schedule my online jog


videos
facilitator trainings
church resources
generosity resources
blog
gg connect
submit a story
contact us

 









 













imagine a life with...






clear purpose






greater freedom






unexpected joy!






at generous giving, we believe biblical generosity changes everything.

























































we host conversations designed to bring more generosity into the world






watch stories of generous givers to find inspiration.














leaving a spiritual legacy






alan and katherine barnhart















giving together






jason and leslie white















a generous family






the tolmie family





















view our full video library






























it is a personal journey






we never tell you how to be generous.






we help you explore what that means.







learn more about our beliefs


































hosting a jog is a great way to be used by god as a catalyst in other people's lives. gathering people within the church to talk about a topic that is not talked about enough - giving and generosity - is so worthwhile!
melanie f.


the opportunity to invite others to hear about biblical generosity is a blessing to us. the preparation is made easy by the generous giving staff through their communication with us in the weeks leading up to the event. being able to see god move among our guests and hear the conversations they have with each other regarding generosity is exciting.steve i. 

i love the joy of having a front row seat as a facilitator to see the lightbulb that goes on their faces when they understand god owns it all—and we have the joy and privilege of stewarding what he has given us!mary k. 







































we promise to create a safe place to explore the concept of generosity.
we are completely funded by private donors so we will never ask you for money.














explore the joy of generosity







host a retreat with your friends









































generosity can change the world






what happens when we're known for our extravagant generosity, rather than the things we buy and have? through our generosity, we can share the gospel, serve the needy, and heal the world.









 





























our events
journey of generosity
host a journey of generosity
celebration of generosity









contact us
submit a story
subscribe
terms of use | privacy policy
blog











vimeo









facebook









instagram









linkedin
























© 2025 generous giving. all rights reserved.









 






















