




alaska mountain guides & climbing school, inc. | premier adventure guide service & climbing school




































































 


































menu
skip to content
activities

backpacking
mountaineering
rafting & river
rock & ice climbing
sea kayaking
skiing & snowboarding


alaska & yukon
international trips

aconcagua


other programs

day trips
educational programs
17 & under programs


why amg

frequently asked questions
meet the guides
photos
partners
employment


registration

register
dates & prices
travel insurance


contact us
shop
 

 




alaska mountain guides & climbing school, inc.
for over 30 years, alaska mountain guides and climbing school (amg) has been the premier outdoor adventure guide service with guided trips in alaska, canada and the lower 48. programs include, exceptional climbing, trekking, skiing, rafting and sea kayaking adventures that visit some of north america's most unique and intriguing places.
whether leading remote wilderness expeditions, or a multi-sport lodge based adventure, we employ the best guides and instructors in the business. they are exceptional at helping individuals learn the best ways to approach a first glacier trek, an initial kayaking trip, or excel on more advanced expeditions. we offer the highest quality customer service and safety on a wide range of adventure programming.
the international wilderness leadership school (iwls) is a division of amg that offers the highest level of technical skills training and outdoor leadership programs for university credit around the globe. the iwls award winning programs are recognized by over two dozen universities and high schools and is accredited by the association for experiential education (aee).
all of our international programs operate in conjunction with mountain guides international (mgi).
we hope you can join us!



choose an activity




mountaineering
backpacking/trekking
sea kayaking


rock & ice climbing
multi-sport
rafting/river


skiing/snowboarding
day trips
university programs





 

 featured trips 
















				glacier bay escape			











				chilkoot trail			











				intro to mountaineering			











				haines heli skiing/snowboarding			











				skagway heli skiing / snowboarding			











				upper tsirku river rafting			















pagesamg home
dates & prices
registration
shop merchandise
privacy policy



partnersalaska yukon discovery tours
chilkat guides
iwls
mountain guides international
day trips



catalogsamg & mgi (.pdf file)








contact alaska mountain guides & climbing school, inc.
po box 1081
haines, alaska 99827
1.800.766.3396 or 907.313.4422








© 2022 alaska mountain guides & climbing school, inc.


























































 

