


home - los abogados




























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember loginmenuhomeabout us our story & mission los abogados board la policies the foundation storeour programs d. ortega legacy award prof. calleros fellowshipmembership new members membership renewalsget involved 2024 la elections appointments committee civil rights committee  communications committee fundraising committee  gala committee golf committee historical committee  latina committee legislative committee  membership committee   pipeline committeesponsors 2025 los abogados golf 2025 networking sponsors  sustaining members events calendarnews & stories blogs weekly newsletter contact us











promoting diversity, education & advocacy
in arizona's hispanic legal community 

 member signup



upcoming eventsupcoming events







welcome to los abogados
hispanic bar association
 











the mission of los abogados is to develop, empower and support the latino community through the advancement of the legal profession.

los abogados was founded in 1976 and incorporated in 1988. comprised of attorneys and legal professionals, los abogados provides its members regular networking opportunities, engaging continuing legal education (cle) content, and the chance to be of service to the community.

los abogados is arizona's hispanic bar association

leading the way in arizona's legal community

 member driven, member focused






















our impact















diversity and inclusion

promoting diversity within the legal community and profession, including in the judiciary and other key leadership positions.








education

encouraging education in the latino community, through mentorship, scholarship, and connection.




advocacy

supporting the just application of civil rights, advocating for the latino community, and improving the quality and administration of legal services.





become a sponsorempower the latino and hispanic legal community by sponsoring los abogados events and programs. your support fosters crucial connections, mentorship, and professional growth, advancing the future of law and community development. join us in making a lasting impact.






 invite you to become involved ine of our six committees and be of service to the community.


join los abogados today to become part of our vibrant legal community.
 

















the mission of los abogados is to develop, empower, and support the latino community through the advancement of the legal profession.


share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter











home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









