

life purpose coaching, spiritual teaching, vibrational healing - it's all under one roof with kathy wilson, certified professional life coach in washington






 life purpose coaching and vibrational 
healing 
   
     




    
spiritual 
life purpose coach  kathy wilson, cpc 

   feeling 
stuck?nothing's 
more frustrating than wanting to make changes in your life but not knowing what 
or how. you 
feel unable to move forward no matter what you do. unable to see a way out. it's 
that sense of being unclear or overwhelmed about the best direction for you to 
take. you 
know that something's not right because your emotional guidance system is giving 
you puh-lenty of warnings. you may be feeling 
stifled, depressed, angry, resentful, confused, or just plain gritchy. maybe you 
feel all of these and more. these feelings are blinking red warning lights that 
it's time for you to get out of your quagmire and moving again in a new direction.if 
you want to get your life unstuck, you've come to the right place.in 
my life coaching practice, i specialize in helping my clients get their life unstuck 
so they can move forward and create the great life they desire... and deserve. 
here's 
a few success stories about my coaching clients* who felt stuck - like you're 
feeling now - and wanted to get their life moving again. this time in a better 
direction. a 
successful editor and author, v. had become stuck and was experiencing a severe 
drop in income. during 
our first session we worked on her awareness of what was draining her energy and 
how she could plug these energy leaks. after 
just the one session she plugged the energy leaks, giving her so much energy and 
drive she didn't need another session. she created and scheduled several classes 
and workshops with local community colleges and acquired new clients because of 
them. to 
this day, years later, she is still teaching her classes and is now writing yet 
another book. she's doing something she dreamed of for years - facilitating a 
writer's salon. at 79 years of age, she now has the energy of a 30 year old. 
when d. contacted 
me for coaching he was working as a personal trainer at a gym and hated his job, 
but didn't know how he could afford to quit. he is a highly sensitive person and 
had issues with loud noises and too many people and activity around him. 
during our coaching he came to appreciate the benefits of being an hsp. he learned 
to shift his perspective from being a victim to the issues of hsp. he began seeing 
the traits of hsp as beneficial to him in his work as a massage therapist and 
personal trainer. after 
getting clear about exactly how much income he needed in order to quit his job 
and how much he was already receiving in his off-hours private practice, he discovered 
he could quit his job. he gave notice and now has a private practice that's so 
successful he's in the sweet/regretful position of having to turn some clients 
away. he also has raised his prices to double what he was charging. 
b. was stuck in 
a marriage that had died and in two jobs that were stifling her creative passion 
for music. although 
she was very unhappy in her marriage she was afraid to leave it because of familial 
influences and financial concerns. through 
our coaching sessions she discerned how much income she needed to move into the 
apartment she wanted and to support herself. she then explored ways she could 
create this income through private lessons and classes. she used her core life 
values to determine what was most important to her in a relationship and what 
was missing from hers. she then created personal boundary language to inform her 
husband and her family of her decision to leave the marriage. she 
quit the stifling jobs and began teaching at a liberal school that's more in alignment 
with her life values. free from a marriage that was draining her, she has recovered 
the energy to fuel her creative passion and now has successful classes, workshops, 
and summer music camps for kids, and is composing beautiful music. are 
you ready to create your own success story? if 
so, here's how i can help .... personal 
life coaching - life purpose coaching, personal life coaching, 
spiritual coaching, nlp coaching, and coaching with the tarotworkshops, 
classes, and teleseminars - personal discovery and development, spiritual, 
and life bettermentvibrational 
healing 
- interdimensional 12 strand dna activation, reiki-seichim, and vibrational healing 
with the dnafree 
newsletter 
- the journal of spirited coaching is sent twice monthly (on or about the 1st 
and the 15th) with inspirational, motivational, and just plain fun articles. you'll 
also be the first on your block to hear about new products, classes, workshops, 
special events, and other offerings.i'm 
kathy wilson.... 
life purpose coach, spiritual 
teacher, reiki master, vibrational healer, and author. contact 
me to begin getting your life unstuck and moving toward the life of your destiny.
  * 
life coaching sessions are strictly confidential. i protect my client's privacy 
by not revealing their identity (with the exception of the testimonials they give 
me with their permission).
coaching for life! | vibrational 
healing | spiritual stuff | 
about kathy

  new!!
evolutionary!!
omnidimensional 
oracles: universal knowledge and practical 
wisdom for human evolution. 
now available on amazon.com in paperback 
and kindle! 
 
  it's 
time for you to reconnect to the 
divine being you truly are. the 
interdimensional 12 strand dna activation
  
  

the next step 
in your spiritual evolution
  
   
enjoy inspirational, informational, and spiritual articles sent to you twice monthly.
sign up herebonus! 
when you sign up you'll get my ebook, overcoming f-f-fear

  read past 
issues in the dusty, crusty archives here.
 "what 
i got out of it (coaching with kathy) was me. more accurately, more and more of 
me as we went along. i had spent a great deal of my life trying to be someone 
i am not, and i was afraid that coaching would call on me to try again. but instead 
it called on me - and enabled me - to be more and more myself. the more i did 
that, that more success i had."richard 
brownkatz lmt"coaching 
with kathy was an amazing experience. her questions were so powerful that they 
have resulted in permanent change - not of who i am, but of what depths of my 
essence are revealed and set free to live! thank you, kathy!"kathleen 
mccarthy phd, cpc 
 .
 
 .
   

kathy wilson   
email kwilson@warrior-priestess.comall 
material on this website 
©2023if 
you see something you would like to use, please ask. more than likely i'd be happy 
to share it, and i would like you to honor my work by allowing me to give it to 
you. website 
hosting by hostgator  
 .
  


