



nh antique alley - new england's oldest antiques shopping district



















































 


skip to content 



 
menu 
home
shop directory
directions and map
contact us
 





new hampshire's antique alley

new england's oldest antiques shopping district
 












antique alley is a “must shop” for both dealers and collectors. 
 located along route 4, the old highway that connects the seaport city of portsmouth to the capital city of concord.

there have been scattered antiques shops along route 4 since the early 1900s, but we didn’t become an antiquing designation until the early 1970s when sumner & muriel parker opened a small seasonal ice cream shop in northwood that included a few small tables with antiques.


source: library of congress prints and photographs division
shop owners created the antique alley association in the early 1990s to work on collaborative advertising and events. in addition to the year-round shops in the association, there are numerous other small seasonal shops along the route.


over time, fellow dealers asked if they could set up tables to sell their own antiques. by 1976, the ice cream was gone and the shop became parkers antiques (now parker-french antiques), the very first group antiques shop in new hampshire. the parkers’ success led to other shops opening up along the road and antique alley was born.
source: library of congress prints and photographs division




some of the treasures that can be found along antique alley:

quality furniture including early painted country,  mid-century modern, and repurposed
antique garden accessories & architectural salvage
advertising, collectable paper & books, and ephemera
early textiles including quilts, paisleys, coverlets, rugs, and linen
fine china & glassware, collectable pottery, and early stoneware
vintage record albums & music memorabilia
early kitchen & country store items, painted accessories, and lighting
antique & vintage clothing, fine & vintage jewelry, and other ladies accessories
folk art, paintings & prints, and decorative antiques
sports memorabilia, tools & hardware, and taxidermy

for additional information about antique alley, please contact us. to reach a specific shop please use the contact us link on that shop’s page.

click here to download a map!

 










 

					©2007-2025 nh antique alley - new england's oldest antiques shopping district				

























