



	amplestuff - plus-size products and bariatric resources

























 
 
 
 
 














online payment processing 







amplestuff gift certificatefor healthcare professionalstravel productsmedicalblood pressure equipmentscalesbath shophousewaresaccessoriesfoot shopwearablescloset shopvideo dvdsbook shopsewingreaching toolsartportable chairsitems we no longer carry
















































email address:





password:

remember me







create an account
forgot password?
















amplestuff links





    





new: no shipping & handling for orders $25 or more!*





amplestuff is a unique company which was established in 1988 to serve the special needs of the millions of men and women who are larger-than-average. some of our products are plus-sized versions of items that are readily available to average size people—such as our xl clothes hangers, socks, or hospital gowns. other products—such as reaching tools and size-positive books and videos—are designed especially to solve the unique problems of larger people. we believe that no matter what your size, you deserve the best possible life right now. in fact, our company motto is “make your world fit you!”  simply click the name of the category of the product that you are looking for, and after finding the item, click the "add" button. when you have finished shopping, proceed to the secure checkout. or, if you prefer to call in your order the old-fashioned way to a live person in our us-based customer service, just use this website as a catalog, and call us with your order. see "contact us" for information on the best times and numbers to call.

 



today's specials











ample-sponges

price: from $21.50 to $75.50
















minimax personal fan

price: from $8.00 to $49.50



















*our new policy about shipping and handling charges as of (03/01/22): there will be no s/h charges on any order costing $25 and above, for shipment within the continental u.s., provided that we can choose the best means of transportation suitable for that order, which normally are first class mail, priority mail, or ups ground. if the customer requires us to use a specific service, then normal s/h charges apply. for further information, see our section titled "shipping policy". our policy about customers outside the united states: we ship worldwide, and welcome all customers! now and then, we have had reports from canadian or australian customers that they attempted to place an order, but in the checkout process, were informed by our merchant card processor robotically that we do not ship to their area.  we don't know yet how this happens. if it happens to you, please email us at helpdesk@amplestuff.com, and we will get back to you with other ways to order.  our policy about privacy: we do not sell, rent, or trade our mailing list information to anyone for any purpose. we keep no active records of credit cards in our own database. we do not track which pages you click on, and do not sell or trade any information about such clicks, nor do we use services that want to sell us information about customers' searching or buying habits. you will never see an ad for amplestuff pop up because you searched for plus-size clothes or diet information, for example!  our policy about large models: we primarily use large models in our catalog when appropriate. we wish that the big companies that sell plus-sized clothes would show them on genuinely plus-size people.  our policy about customer service: we have 100% us-based customer service, and we monitor customer messages on a daily basis.  this website is suitable for people of all ages.




  this site last updated on march 9, 2024  











					your cart is empty.













chair dancing - dvd or audiocassette550-lb wide platform personal digital scalefully automatic open-and-close xxl umbrellasdeluxe digital blood pressure unitfoot funnel
click picture to order









home | about us | contact us | my account | shipping policy | return policy | sitemap | cart help



© 2025 amplestuff - plus-size products and bariatric resources 












