


daryl's library: all about final fantasy music cds






















d a r y l ' s   l i b r a r y
final fantasy cds















































































soundtracks
arranged cds
promo/special cds
cd singles
misc. cds
sheet music
e-mail me
== special sections: ==
guide to buying game music
sites that sell ff cds
faq, translation notes
yahoo japan tutorial
avex copy-protection issue
glossary of terms
game histories
captain's log
links










welcome to the library of daryl's airship! feel free to browse through the volumes of info i've collected on the many final fantasy cds.  unfortunately, i can't read japanese very well, so i can't give complete information, such as singer names, background, and whatever other cool info they're giving in the liner notes.


view my past updates, news, and general ramblings at my livejournal.


 subscribe to my rss feed for updates.



updates and news
may 14, 2015: wow. after a few years, finally an update! unfortunately i am no longer following the cd releases beyond what is already listed on this site, as i can't afford to do so anymore. there are a few promotional cds, miscellaneous collections, and soundtrack re-releases that i will probably eventually post, but for the most part, beyond the two final fantasy xiv soundtracks the site will no longer be updated with subsequent cds.


this update consists only of the ff4: the after years cd that was included in the ff4 ultimate pack. i will also eventually add the ff 25th anniversary cd that came with the 25th anniversary ultimate box. (short review: don't bother getting that cd unless you are a serious completist.)


i do still have a few cds left in my massive final fantasy sale. if you're interested, please read my terms of sale. after you've read through that, you can find my list of sale cds on this google doc. both documents are public and you do not need to have a google account to view them.


jan. 11, 2011: due to various reasons, i'm selling off the majority of my final fantasy cds. the sale will be held via email only. for information on how to join, check out my livejournal post.



all cd covers pictured on the description pages are the original square (japanese) versions. all final fantasy games are referred to by their japanese numbering. all "buy" links will lead you to the original japanese versions. all scans have been done by myself, except where noted. 






