







montana federation of garden clubs


































































































facebookmember login
 


home
about

history
meet the president
national garden club
life members
judges council
for the press
contact us


what we do

publications
projects
youth
schools


clubs

find a club
join a club


awards

directory
winners


scholarships

opportunities
scholarship winners


calendar
news

search





menu



 






arrangement by jim sadlertulips in june sadler gardenlilies in the sadler gardenpreviousnext123456
live in big sky country? love gardens, flowers, and beautiful landscapes? do you want to share your knowledge or learn more? the montana federation of garden clubs, inc., founded in 1937, is a non-profit educational organization with members statewide. there are many individual montana garden clubs across the state. we are an affiliate of the largest volunteer gardening organization in the world, national garden clubs, inc., and are one of eight states in the rocky mountain region.  read about what our members are doing under “what we do – publications” in the drop-down menu above.
membership is open throughout the year. if you love growing, we’d love to meet you. plan to drop in and experience the difference with montana federation of garden clubs. to learn more, click here for information about the benefits of joining a club. find a club near you and start learning today!


join a clubwe’ll help you get growing!

our clubsfind out more about a club near you

newsletterget gardening tips & news around the state

calendardon’t miss out on our upcoming events!







   

contact glenna waltee, treasurer
montana federation of garden clubs, inc.
p o box 662.
whitehall mt 59759






join us on facebook! 


categoriesno categories





© copyright montana federation of garden clubs. all rights reserved. design by olyvia media. - powered by enfold wordpress theme






scroll to top

















































