



























































	
        
        city of brantford














skip to content







accessibilitybrantford transitjobs and volunteeringcontact us









        how do i?
        





















living hereanimal servicescemeteries and genealogychild care and early learningcity calendarsclean air by-lawcolleges and universitiescommunity support and serviceselementary and secondary schoolsemergency services and safetyenvironmental initiativesgarbage and recyclinggrant, loan and incentive programshealthcare facilitieshealthy brantfordhousing and homeless preventionlibrarylife eventsmy propertynewcomers servicestaxesutilities and waterbrantford transitthings to doarenas and ice rinksarts and culturebrantford immigration partnershipbrantford bulldogscanada daycity calendarsearl haig family fun parkearly learning programsfacilitiesfitnessgardeningharmony squarelibrariesneighbourhood associationsparks and playgroundsrecreationsports fieldsswimming pools and splash padsth&b crossing bridge projecttourismtrailsvolunteerwinter fun festtransportationactive transportationbrantford airportbrantford liftbrantford transitgetting to brantfordmapsparkingpay your parking ticketroad closuresroads and sidewalk maintenancetrafficwinter maintenancebrantford transitbusiness and developmentavailable sitesbids and tendersbuilding and constructionbusiness directorygrant programs and financingbusiness licensingbusiness resource centrecommunity profileeconomic developmentfilming in brantfordlocationmapsplanning and developmentpatio brantford policieswater service connectionyour governmentaccessibilityannual print calendarannual reportingbrantford 2050by-lawscareerscity budgetcity councilcity plans and projectscity servicescivic newscommemorationscommissioner of oathscommunity engagementcontact uscustomer servicefreedom of informationinsurance and risk managementlegal serviceslet’s talk brantfordnewsroommunicipal electionoffice of the caoopen dataprovincial offences courtsocial mediavolunteer

search














city of brantford



search










 




 buses                     jobs & volunteering                     housing services                     garbage & recycling                     recreation                     agendas & minutes                    












  accessibility improvement awards
nominate a person, group or organization that has or is making a significant contribution towards improving accessibility in brantford.
learn more   b united in brantford
discover free inclusive events for children ages 0 to 14, and equity and empowerment workshop training for child serving organizations.
learn more   brantford's winter fun fest
the city is offering a variety of family-friendly activities on sunday, february 16 and monday, february 17 to keep you active and entertained this family day long weekend. 
learn more   brantford fun guide
discover recreational activities, special events, programs, swim lessons and much more! 
learn more   community skate exchange
residents are invited to donate, exchange or pick-up a free pair of gently used ice-skates.
learn more
  











news


loading news feed...










events


loading calendar feed...

view all events























we're here to help
get in touch with us.


request a city service519-759-4150visit us







a to z listing:

a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z











© the city of brantford
design by esolutionsgroup























city of brantfordcommunity and support servicesdiscover brantfordadvantage brantford city council


resourcesaccessibilityfreedom of informationprivacysitemaprequest a city service site feedback


contact
58 dalhousie street p.o. box 818  brantford, ontario n3t 2j2  519-759-4150

















            how do i?
        





ask or applybids and tenderscareer opportunitiesdevelopment applicationshousing and shelterspeak at a council meetingvolunteering with the citychild care fee subsidyregister or paybook a facilityday campsparking ticketrecreational programswater billrequest or reportby-law issuebulk item pick upcity service requestfeedback or complimentgarbage collection issuemalfunctioning street light





search






×













browser compatibility notification



it appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.  as a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.  we recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.







