

m-j. dominus perl paraphernalia








perl paraphernalia
mark jason dominus






















last change:
11 july 2003
history of changes to my pages,
including this one.
legend
 added in the last four weeks.

updated in the last four weeks.
 don't hold your breath.



 
higher-order perl


complete list of perl paraphernalia

 why i am boycotting amazon -- $581.96 so far.
   list of upcoming public appearances
 search perl paraphernalia
 classes and talks: general information




lightning talks / communications éclair
 paid classes

 advanced topics in perl
 cgi programming with perl
 hands-on introduction to perl
 "how do i delete a line from a file?"
 intermediate topics in perl
 making programs faster
 object-oriented programming in perl
 perl program repair shop and red flags
 perl regular expression mastery
 programing with iterators and generators
 stolen secrets of the wizards of the ivory tower
 tricks of the wizards
 web application security

 free talks

 conference presentation judo
 "design patterns" aren't
 dirty secrets of the perl regex engine
 file locking tricks and traps
 hook::lexwrap
 the identity function
 internals of familiar unix commands
 internals of the ext2 filesystem
 perl contains the lambda calculus
 the perl hardware store
 the perl hardware store (dc.pm version)
 the perl hardware store (nylug version)
 quantitative analysis of memoization
 return to the perl hardware store
 rx, the perl regular expression debugger
 strong typing and perl
 system programming in perl
 tie::file
 using tie to escape feature creep

 this is the program that i used to make the slides.


 mailing lists

perl quiz of the week

 perl journal articles

bricolage
    
 infinite lists
 b-trees
 how regexes work
 ray tracing
 data compression
 memoization

just the faqs
    
 understand references today
 suffering from buffering?
 coping with scoping
 precedence problems

reviews

 perl resource kit for unix (o'reilly and associates)
 perl 5 for dummies (idg books)
 object oriented perl (manning publications)

miscellaneous
    
  seven useful uses of local


 other published articles: 
	

qrpff explained
	  (wired june 2001)
ieee software
what's that mean? (perlmonth #1 - may 1999)
my life with spam linux planet web site
articles from www.perl.com 

a short guide
            to dbi  (october 1999)
            sins of perl
            revisited (november 1999)
            my
            life with spam ii (february 2000) 
            my life
            with spam iii (march 2000)
            pod is
            not literate programming (march 2000)
            program
            repair shop and red flags i (may 2000)
            perl meets
            cobol (may 2000)
            program
            repair shop and red flags ii (june 2000) 
            reports
            from yapc 19100 (july 2000, with ten others)
            report on
            the perl 6 announcement (july 2000)
            guide
            to the perl 6 mailing lists (september 2000)
            critique
            of the perl 6 rfc process (october 2000)
            program
            repair shop and red flags iii (november 2000)
            red 
                 flags return: reader responses (november 2000)
            why i
            hate advocacy (december 2000)
            perl
            program repair shop and red flags at the open source conferences (may 2001)
             why
            not translate perl to c? (june 2001)
          

 usenet articles

 why questions go unanswered
 what is `scalar context'?
 why it's stupid to `use a variable as a variable name' part
    1
2
3
 joining two tied hash classes into one.

 perl modules

   tie::file
  text::template
 memoize
 interpolation
  stat::lsmode
 devel::trace
 algorithm::diff (and diff.pl)
 locked
 tie::hashhistory
 apache::addrmunge
 the very very short tutorial about modules
 async
 arrayhashmonster
  fakehash and fakehash::drawhash
rx: a regex debugger for perl
ezdbi is a quick and
    simple interface to sql databases

 perl programs

 units
  adventure
     obfuscated perl contest entry

 perl stupidity

 identity is incredibly funny.
         you must look at this module.
 addition is possibly the stupidest perl program ever written.
 roman is a new contender for stupidest perl module ever written.
 allsubs is a stupid module that might actually be useful.

 april fools' day  (explanations
         and analysis to follow eventually.)
    
 thursday, april 1, 1999
       
 infrequently asked questions about perl
 april fool patch 1999
 perl is a superset of the -calculus or how to write a 163-line program to compute 1+1.
 why it is easier to program in perl than
	 in other languages

 saturday, april 1, 2000
       
 through some grievous and inexplicable oversight, no
              port of perl to the trs-80 model i microcomputer yet
              exists.  until that happens, you can simulate the trs-80
              environment with this
              new module.
       
 sunday, april 1, 2001
       
 this new built-in time function fills a
          much-needed gap

 monday, april 1, 2002
       
 perl's time and calendar functions always need
          improvement.  this
          is an obvious and useful extension of the localtime
          function



 when hashes go wrong
 perl oddity: a program that writes parser
       programs in perl
 read a description of the 1967 edition of perl!
 perl regex matching is np-complete.
 a perl program that prints its own source code
 perl paraphernalia links
 minutes from the next-to-last meeting of the perl institute (2 december 1997)
 minutes from the last meeting of the perl institute (3 march 1999)
 what does that  logo
  mean?



articles for the perl
journal


this area contains text, source code, and notes about my column in
the perl journal.  as
new articles appear, i'll add them here.
autumn 1997: infinite lists
winter 1997: b-trees
spring 1998: how regexes work
how do perl's regexes work on the inside?  suppose you were going
to write a language like perl, which has regexes, in a language like c,
which doesn't?  how might you do that?
regex article main page
regex article notes and errata page

this article explains how it works.
a sidebar explains the academic terminology
    that i didn't use in the article.
this module, regex implements
    the scheme described in the article.
this program, grep.pl implements a
    version of unix grep in perl without using perl's
    built-in regexes. 
this program, demo.pl demonstrates
    that for some tasks, the regex library is a whole lot
    faster than perl's builtin regexes.

summer 1998:
ray tracing
ray tracing is one of the most flexible and versatile methods of
rendering three-dimensional computer images.  in this article, i show
you a simple ray tracing program written in perl and explain how it
works.
ray tracing main page

 postscript version of article.
   ray-tracing software
 tar file with ray-tracing
       software and sample input files
 do-it-yourselfer?
       
 latex source code for the articles
 dvi file
 metapost source code for the figures
 postscript figure files:
	      
	      1
2
4
7


summer 1998:
just the faqs: understand references today
one of the most important new features in perl 5 was the capability
to manage complicated data structures like multidimensional arrays and
nested hashes.  to enable these, perl 5 introduced a feature called
`references', and using references is the key to managing complicated,
structured data in perl.  unfortunately, there's a lot of funny syntax
to learn, and the manual is not as clear in this area as it usually
is.  the manual is quite complete, and a lot of people find that a
problem, because it can be hard to tell what is important and what
isn't.
fortunately, you only need to know 10% of what's in the manual to
get 90% of the benefit.  this article will show you that 10%.  

 read the article

 autumn 1998:
just the faqs: suffering from buffering?
the deadline for written materials for the perl
conference got in my way, so i wasn't able to do two articles
again this issue.  i put my regular bricolage column on hold and wrote another
article for novices.  it's about how stadard i/o buffering works and
shows typical traps and hazards and how to avoid and remedy them.  i
think even experienced programmers will learn something from it.

 read the article

if you're sad that you missed my regular bricolage column because it was on
vacation, then seeing the notes for my
conference talk might make you feel better.
winter 1998:
just the faqs: coping with scoping?

this article discusses issues of variable scope and duration in
perl, including packages, namespaces, and the difference between
my and local.  the big secret:  perl has two separate and totally unrelated sets of variables.

 read the article

winter 1998:
bricolage: data compression

this article discusses how data compression works.  it comes with a module, huffman, which implements a simple data compression scheme in perl.
 spring 1999:
bricolage:  memoization

caching is a straightforward way to speed up certain slow
functions: you remember the return values by storing them in a
cache, and if you are going to compute the same value again
later, just get the result from the cache instead of recomputing it.
it turns out it's not hard to build a facility that replaces
any function with a caching version automatically; this is
called memoization.  this article explains how such a module
works, and shows a number of interesting applications and contexts for
memoization and caching.

memoization article main page
article in html format
minimemoize, a simple memoizing module that is explained in the article
  main page for heavy-duty memoize module from cpan

 summer 1999: seven useful uses of local

in my article coping with
scoping i offered the advice ``always use my;
never use local.'' the most common use for both is to
provide your subroutines with private variables, and for this
application you should always use my, and never
local. but many readers (and the tech editors) noted that
local isn't entirely useless; there are cases in which
my doesn't work, or doesn't do what you want. so i
promised a followup article on useful uses for
local. that is what this article is about.
 autumn 1999: just the faqs:
precedence problems
i wrote a tutorial article about what precedence is and how it
works in perl.
read the article
i also wrote a review of perl 5
for dummies, by paul hoffman, published by idg books.  the
review was quite a surprise to me; it didn't turn out the way i
expected at all.

other articles

for ieee
software
i wrote an article for ieee
software magazine; it's their first-ever article about
perl.  it appears in vol. 15, #1 (the january / february 1998 issue)
pages 69-74.
it's partly an introduction to the language for people who have
never seen it before, and partly a big boast about how great perl is.
i'm not sure i believe that perl is as great as i made it out to be,
but i do think it's pretty good.
read the plain text of my last
draft, or get a pdf
copy of the published version from the computer society (computer
society members only).

modules


text::template

current version: 1.41.  last update: 2001-09-04.

 read all about it here
 read documentation
 download most recent version
  including makefile and test suite
 view source code


memoize

current version: 0.61.  last update: 2000-10-24.
the memoize module will make your functions faster by
remembering their old values and reusing them instead of recomputing
the same thing twice.  it is very easy to use.  very very easy.  step
1: say memoize('some_function').  step 2: there is no step
2.  i told you it was easy.

 main memoize page.
 read documentation
 download most recent version
 view source code
 view source code for
       memoize::expire, an expiration manager plug-in for memoize
 expiration manager documentation


interpolation: why
	identity wasn't as funny as i thought.

current version: 0.53.  last update: 1998-04-09.
this module lets you define
arbitrary string interpolation semantics, which means that 
you can control the way variables and other expressions interpolate
into your strings.  perl already provides \l...\e and
\u...\e to say that a string should be put into lowercase or
uppercase when it's interpolated; interpolation extends this
notion.  the notation is compact and readable, and you can have as
many interpolators as you want.

about interpolation
complete documentation
peruse the source code
dowload the
  complete package.  (include makefile, test scripts, etc.)
  see a list of clever uses for
  interpolation contributed by users.
  do you have a clever use for
  interpolation?  please share it with
  me here!  (or just send me mail about it.)


stat::lsmode

current version: 0.50.  last update: 1998-04-20.
stat::lsmode is a module for
displaying file permission 
modes in the style of the unix ls -l command.  for example, a
plain file that is world-readable and writable only by its owner is
represented by the string -rw-r--r--. 

 stat::lsmode main page
 read documentation
 download most recent version
  including makefile and test suite
 view source code


 devel::trace main page and manual
 view source code


locked

current version: 0.1.  last update: 1999-02-03.
locked is a module for
providing scalar variables that can be locked and unlocked.  unlocked
scalars behave normally.  locked scalars abort the program if you try
to assign to them.  variables can be locked and unlocked; you can also
test them to see if they are locked or not.
it's also a fine demonstration of the power of tie
i just wrote this, so there's little documentation and no test
suite yet. 

 locked main page
 module source code
 test and demo program



perl stupidity



identity: a very funny module

this is one of the funniest pieces of software i have ever written.
it is an absolute riot.  and it is even possibly useful. it is called
identity, but i am looking for a
better name.  if you want to know why it's useful, it will help to read the explanation first.

addition is possibly the stupidest perl program ever written.

i don't really believe that it is the stupidest.  in fact, you
should watch this space for the sudden appearance of other stupid
programs.  but it sure is mighty stupid though.

read the source code first, even though...
  most of the real stupidity is actually in
      this idiotic module.


roman is a new contender for stupidest perl module ever written.

this one may give addition a run for its money, if only
because it takes so darn long to load.

look at the demo program first.
  this demo also uses
  interpolation to achieve a
  more useful (ha ha) functionality.
  most of the real stupidity is actually in
      this idiotic module.


allsubs is a stupid module that might actually be useful.
following a suggestion of alex davies, this module tries to
automatically locate and declare all your subroutines at compile-time,
so that you don't have to do it yourself.
read the notes and then scrutinize the code.

other paraphernalia and miscellanea

perl regex matching is np-complete

sometimes perl can take a very long time to evaluate a regular
expression match.  is this a problem with perl's implementation of
regexes?  the answer is no; this paper shows that regex matching in perl is np-complete.  this
means that if you could come up with an efficient way to evaluate
regex matches in perl, you would become very famous because your
method would also be an efficient way to solve many other well-known
and difficult problems.

usenet articles


why questions go unanswered

someone on comp.lang.perl.misc wanted to know why nobody
was answering his questions.  in answer, i wrote an article about how to ask a question so that
it'll get an answer.

what is `scalar context'?

why doesn't print reverse $x work?  and what is `scalar
context'?  and what is the scalar builtin function for?  this short article explains contexts and the
scalar function.

why it's stupid to `use a variable as a variable name'

people show up in comp.lang.perl.misc all the time asking
how to use the contents of a variable as the name of another variable.
for example, they have $foo = 'snonk', and then they want to
operate on the value of $snonk.  this anecdote suggests that is probably a
bad idea, and explains what you should probably be doing instead.
this follow-on article goes into more
specifics about the sorts of things that can go wrong, and what to do
instead.
 is there no end to
this topic?  no, apparently not.

when hashes go wrong

this program demonstrates what happens when
hashes go wrong. it accepts one command-line argument,
n, which defaults to 10,000.  it then constructs
n strings and uses them as keys for the hash.  the strings
are constructed so that their hash values are all the same, so they
all go into one hash bucket.  this turns the hash search into a linear
search---very slow.
perl has one small win here.  normally, perl increases the number
of buckets as the number of items in the hash increases.  if it did
that here, it would be wasting time and space, since this program only
uses one bucket.  but fortunately for perl, this program doesn't
trigger the condition that makes perl expand the hash: perl only does
that when a key is inserted into a previously empty
bucket.

a
program to write yacclike parsers in perl

this program, py, implements lalr(1)
parsers in perl.  these are the sorts of parsers produced by
yacc and bison.  but the program is a
complete oddity.  find out why.

perl, 1967 edition

it occurred to me today that there was a language i'd heard about
before that sounded a lot like perl.  i looked it up, and sure enough,
it sounded just like someone in 1967 describing perl.  you can read the description of perl '67 and try to
guess what language is really being described.
over the next few weeks i hope to research this language and learn
whether it really does resemble perl as much as it seems to.  if so,
it could be a valuable example lesson that could teach us a lot about
how to develop perl and what sorts of mistakes to avoid.

perl paraphernalia links

if you hated this page, you'll probably also dislike:



uri's perl book page
roderick schertler
perlguts illustrated
steven mcdougall
kaoru maeda
jenda krynicky
stephen b. jenkins
joseph hall
cassidy curtis
damian conway
sean burke
graham barr
abigail

i'd be glad to get other people's recommendations of other pages of
perl paraphernalia.  


search perl paraphernalia




















software entities are more complex for their size than perhaps any
other human construct because no two parts are alike.  if they are, we
make the two similar parts into a subroutine -- open or closed.  in
this respect, software systems differ profoundly from computers,
buildings, or automobiles, where repeated elements abound.
fred brooks, jr.



return to: 
universe of discourse main page |
what's new page

mjd@plover.com


