




















































	
        
        bchs

















close alert banner










skip to content



please note: we have updated directions and entrances at the brantford general hospital.



























brantford general hospital

519-751-5544
brantford general hospital emergency wait times





the willett, paris

519-442-2251
the willett, paris urgent care wait times










patients and visitorsabout your surgeryamenitiesfinding a doctorfood and nutritionhealth care consent and decision makinghealth care coverageindigenous family spaceleaving the hospitalmaps and directionsparkingpatient experience & feedbackpatient surveyspaying your billpreparing for your stayspiritual careurgent care centrevisiting hours and informationsafety and securitycare servicesambulatory servicescancer cliniccomplex carecovid-19critical carediabetes education centredialysis unitemergency departmentgeriatric medicineindigenous health servicesinfection prevention and controlintegrated comprehensive carelaboratorylabour and deliverymedical assistance in dyingmedical imagingmental health and addictionpediatricsrehabilitation and therapy servicessexual assault and domestic violence (sadv) treatment and carestroke servicesurgent care centrecareers and volunteeringcurrent career opportunitiesinternal career opportunitiesfamily physician recruitment taskforceprofessional staff opportunitiesmeet our recruitment teamnursing development at bchspatient and family advisorsrecruitment faqsstudent placementsvolunteerwhy choose bchsyouth mental health advisory councilabout usaccess to informationaccessibilityaccountabilitybids and tendersboard of directorsbrant community healthcare system foundationcontact usdiversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging (dei-b)historyland acknowledgementmedical leadership teammission, vision and valuesnews and announcementssenior leadership teamvision 2030news & mediabrantford brant norfolk ontario health teamhospital insiderhospital insider: the podcastmedia inquiriesnews and announcementspatient & family caregiver spotlight


donate today













new program shows family is the medicine
each year, approximately 1,500 babies are born at bgh, with about 30 at risk of neonatal abstinence syndrome, a condition caused by substance withdrawal. to enhance supports for these newborns, bgh has introduced the eat, sleep, console program.ctv news kitchener: bgh experiencing 'significantly higher patient volumes'
“over the last two to three weeks we have seen high volumes and higher acuity amongst our patient population,” dr. somaiah ahmed, bchs emergency department chief and medical director. watch or read the full article.let’s envision 2030 at bchs!
bchs has launched a strategic planning process to develop a new five-year plan that will serve as our roadmap to the future. this plan will outline our vision, mission, values, strategic goals, and outcomes for the period from 2025 to 2030. click here to learn more.visiting the bgh emergency department
the emergency department patient walk-in entrance is open 24/7 and is located off of terrace hill street. all visitors and non-emergency patients are asked to enter through the d-wing or e-wing entrance. click here for more information.accessing care in the community
our hospital continues to experience high levels of patient activity which may cause wait times to be longer than normal. if you are not experiencing a medical emergency, please consider alternate options for care in the community.









search























quick links

covid-19 informationvisiting hours and informationparking and directionsindigenous healthfind a doctor or servicehospital
redevelopmentbchs 2020-2025 strategic plan








what's happening?
read all news


loading news feed...




















stafflab testing info







© 2019 brant community healthcare system



















by ghd digital






resourcesaccessibilitya-z servicescontact uslaboratoriesprivacy policywebsite feedbacksitemap






















the brantford general

    200 terrace hill street
    brantford, on
                        
    n3r 1g9
519-751-5544




the willett, paris

    238 grand river st. north
    paris, on
    n3l 2n7
519-442-2251














































close old browser notification


browser compatibility notification
it appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.  as a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.  we recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.









