








the american institute for cognitive therapy | behavioral therapy nyc

























































skip to content 


150 east 58th street, fifth floor annex,
new york, ny 10155 | (212) 308-2440
 







 





menu 








menu 
home
about



dr. leahy
dr. leahy on regret
supervision
dr. leahy’s scheduled events
staff presentations
aict policies



hipaa policies
no surprises act
ny notice form


aict newsletter
helping refugees in ukraine
positions available


our staff



dr. robert leahy
dr. brianne dickey
dr. nicholas demas
dr.  allison funk
dr. melissa horowitz
dr. aspasia hotzoglou
dr. ashleigh rutherford
dr. susan trachtenberg paula
dr. kathleen taylor
dr. maren westphal
dr. peggilee wupperman
helen butleroff leahy
jane kaiser
betty gibbs


disorders treated



anxiety disorders



general information
generalized anxiety
fears
insomnia
obsessive compulsive disorder
panic attacks and agoraphobia
post traumatic stress disorder
social phobia
stress management
worry
trichotillomania (hair pulling)
health anxiety and hypochondriasis
body dysmorphic disorder


mood disorders



general information
depression
bipolar disorder
seasonal affective disorder


eating disorders



general information
anorexia nervosa
bulimia nervosa
other specified feeding or eating disorders


personality disorders



borderline personality disorder
varieties of personality disorders


other disorders



substance use disorders
traumatic brain injury
insomnia




treatment



cognitive behavioral therapy



what is cbt?
what to expect when you begin therapy:
learn more about cbt


dialectic behavioral therapy



what is dbt?
dbt for adults
dbt for college aged students
dbt graduate group


treatment for children adolescents & young adults



child and adolescent services
young adults and college students
space treatment


other treatments



mindfulness and acceptance
nutritional counseling
couples therapy
lgbtq+ services




resources



helpful links
recommended readings
emotional schemas
residential treatment centers


media



in the news



dr. leahy in the media



print media
tv and radio


staff


print media
tv and radio
podcasts and youtube videos


faq
blog



tips of the week
psychology today blog
huffington post blog


contact
 





















 







welcome to
the american
institute for
cognitive
therapy 






learn more about aict



















cognitive behavioral therapy nyc 



the american institute for cognitive therapy is an internationally recognized group of clinical psychologists and psychotherapists providing the highest quality cognitive-behavioral treatment for depression, anxiety, phobias, eating disorders, personality disorders, child and adolescent problems and family and marital problems. 












 












									we are providing the
highest quality
cognitive-behavioral
treatment								














									please contact our support staff to
schedule a consultation at
(212) 308-2440
or intake@cognitivetherapynyc.com 







 


















in 1985 dr. leahy founded the center for cognitive therapy and in 1990 he established the american institute for cognitive therapy. we have provided successful, caring and highly professional treatment for thousands of patients.
the director, dr. robert l. leahy (b.a., m.s., ph.d. yale university), has authored and edited 30 books on cognitive therapy and psychological processes and is the past president of the association for behavioral and cognitive therapy (abct), past president of the international association for cognitive psychotherapy, past president of the academy of cognitive therapy and clinical professor of psychology in psychiatry at weill cornell medical school. his books have been translated into 20 languages. he has been featured in print and televised media worldwide and is a frequent keynote speaker and workshop leader in conferences throughout the world. dr. leahy is the honorary lifetime president, new york city cognitive behavioral therapy association and distinguished founding fellow, diplomate, of the academy of cognitive therapy. dr. leahy is the associate editor of the international journal of cognitive therapy. he recently received the aaron t. beck award for outstanding contributions in cognitive behavioral therapy.
you can read dr. leahy’s blog “anxiety free” at psychologytoday.com and his blog on huffington post.
for examples of articles and chapters by dr. leahy please see this link on google scholar.
for a listing of books by dr. leahy please visit the author’s webpage on amazon.
our staff provide evaluations and treatment for psychological problems, state-of-the-art cognitive-behavioral therapy, and training for other professionals. many members of our staff teach and supervise in graduate programs and medical schools in the new york city area and have authored research articles and chapters on cognitive-behavioral therapy. 















									recent publications								








 









 









 









 









 













 









 









 









 









 













 









 









 









 
























 



purchase treatment plans and interventions (2nd ed.)and emotion regulation in psychotherapy from guilford presspress: visit the worry cure. see what people are saying about the worry cure 



									ny state patient rights								






read policy


























 american institute for
cognitive therapy
psychologists
﻿150 east 58th street, fifth floor annex
new york, ny 10155

 

 please contact our support staff
(212) 308-2440








 

 services are available
monday – friday: 9am-8pm

 






disclaimer: the contents of cognitivetherapynyc.com, such as text, graphics, images, information and other material contained on the cognitivetherapynyc.com site ("content") are for informational purposes only. the content is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on the cognitivetherapynyc.com site!
the content is protected by copyright under both united states and foreign laws. title to the content remains with cognitive therapy nyc.com. any use of the content not expressly permitted by these terms and conditions is a breach of these terms and conditions and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. content and features are subject to change or termination without notice in the editorial discretion of cognitive therapy nyc.com. all rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to cognitivetherapynyc.com.
copyright © 2025 the american institute for cognitive therapy 







 





























