


a gardening year





















    
	a gardening year
	
  
the adventures and misadventures of an heirloom gardener




monday, september 01, 2008



	 
	 an ending and a beginning
	 
    


i can’t believe that it is september already. the entire summer has gone by and i haven’t written a thing. at least not here. i haven’t done much gardening either but that’s another topic. i have, though, been practicing with my new camera.i tried to write gardening posts, but the screen remained stubbornly blank. the cursor blinked at me, mesmerizing me. scrolling through my pictures did not result in any inspiration. cataloguing each new blossom seemed tedious. blogging about my garden had become a chore; something i no longer enjoyed.it is time to move on. i considered keeping this blog, just moving it in a new direction, but that also seemed too difficult. too many changes would have to be made. too many explanations would have to be given. and i like this blog as it is or was. it served an important purpose in my life.in the end, i decided on a fresh start. i’ve created a new blog, a photographer’s garden that incorporates more of my photography and allows me to go off-topic, something that i never felt comfortable doing here. the new blog is not a garden blog. it’s not a photography blog. it’s not a personal diary. rather, it is a combination of all three.i hope that you will join me over at a photographer’s garden.



posted by oldroses @ 3:03 pm
37 comments






monday, june 16, 2008



	 
	 summer has arrived
	 
    


it may not be summer according to the calendar, but the daylilies are blooming and that always signals the start of summer for me.



posted by oldroses @ 1:03 pm
20 comments






sunday, june 15, 2008



	 
	 green thumb sunday
	 
    


 joinbargain jackmanii clematis purchased last fall and wintersown balcony petuniasgardeners, plant and nature lovers can join in every sunday, visit as the garden grows for more information. 



posted by oldroses @ 1:38 pm
9 comments






thursday, june 12, 2008



	 
	 the weirdness chronicles 2008 - chapter 4
	 
    


it’s a well-known fact that i love iris. almost as much as i love heirloom roses. i have bearded iris, japanese iris, siberian iris, iris bucharica, iris dardanus and miniature iris. i don’t have a favorite. but i do have some oddities. like the iris that bloomed in full shade. and this:this is a japanese iris that was part of a collection. although planted years ago, it was only last year that two of the six (i think?) bloomed.the blooms were floppy and mis-shapen but i thought, hey, it's their first time. they'll get it right next year. except they didn't. the purple one shows no inclination to bloom and the white one is just as floppy and mis-shapen as last year.weird.



posted by oldroses @ 1:29 pm
5 comments






tuesday, june 10, 2008



	 
	 peony envy
	 
    


peonies are everywhere. blooming in gardens. pictured on blogs. everywhere except my yard.i started out last fall with six peonies. three singles that i had ordered and planted in the border along the ugly green fence. two survived the winter. neither is showing any inclination to bloom this year. because they’re new and still small, i’m giving them a pass this year.the other three i had moved from the border along the ugly green fence to the infamous entry garden, a much shadier location but peonies are tough and will grow most anywhere. only two survived the squirrels. i found the chewed remains of the third root in the spring.the two surviving peonies leafed out nicely and developed buds. the buds on one of them turned black and died.the buds on the other peony were quite promising:but whenever they got to the point where they were about to open, this happened:cruel, cruel squirrels. they weren’t eating the buds. instead, they left them on the lawn.i have peony envy.



posted by oldroses @ 1:23 pm
4 comments






sunday, june 08, 2008



	 
	 green thumb sunday
	 
    


 join wild purple foxglove that i wintersowed last year.gardeners, plant and nature lovers can join in every sunday, visit as the garden grows for more information. 



posted by oldroses @ 11:00 am
6 comments






friday, june 06, 2008



	 
	 review: the flower farmer: an organic grower’s guide to raising and selling cut flowers
	 
    


i’ve always wanted a cutting garden. although i love having bouquets of flowers in my house, i don’t like picking flowers from my carefully planned borders. a separate plot, preferably in an inconspicuous spot from which i could plunder as many blossoms as i wanted without worrying about leaving holes in my planting scheme, is definitely the answer. but how to begin? how to decide what to plant, when to plant, the best methods of harvesting to ensure the longest vase life? surprisingly, i found the answers to all of my questions as well as questions i didn’t know i should be asking in “the flower farmer: an organic grower’s guide to raising and selling cut flowers”.in this revised and expanded edition, lynn byczynski covers every aspect of raising flowers for sale in easy to understand terms. the book is incredibly detailed but i was never bored. rather than a manual or a textbook, it was like a friendly talk over the backfence. it’s obvious that she loves flowers and the business of growing flowers. the author starts with the basics of site, soil, seeds and plants then moves through pests, diseases, season extenders and harvest. she devotes several chapters on what to grow, not only the usual annuals and perennials, but also plants one doesn’t usually think of, trees and shrubs, whose foliage, flowers and berries are used in both fresh and dried arrangements. then she moves on to flower arranging, transport and marketing.along the way, successful flower farmers are featured. their farms, their market niches, how they got started and how they have expanded or shrunk their businesses to suit their financial and lifestyle goals are explained.all of the information is presented in an easy to understand format. each concept is clearly explained. technical terms are defined. no prior knowledge is assumed on the part of the reader. nor is the book limited to one climate or region of the country. for information not covered in the book, sources are given where the information can be found. the author points out how the each section applies to both large and small farms and even cutting gardens such as i envision.whether you are thinking of growing flowers for market or just want a cutting garden, i can’t recommend this book highly enough. but don’t take my word for it. cathy jones of perry-winkle farm in central north carolina was one of the experienced flower farmers asked for their top ten varieties for each area of the country. cathy says, “it doesn’t seem that long ago that i was reading the flower farmer to learn just these sorts of things!”(page 25)as for me, i’m finally going to plant that cutting garden. thanks to “the flower farmer”, i know what to plant, when to plant it, and how to plant it. i’ve learned about succession planting and other techniques to extend the season. and when it comes time to harvest my flowers, i know the proper way to harvest each variety to prolong its vase life.



posted by oldroses @ 1:51 pm
2 comments










about me

name:  oldroses 
location:  franklin park, new jersey, united states 
view my complete profile


email me







you can also find me on:
garden voices
hubpages
twitter

my other blogs

a photographer's garden
things i wonder about
the wooden spoon

my cats' blogs

furry kitty butt
poopy coon feet

read my reviews

the detroit news
garden mob
seattle post-intelligencer
subterranean homepage news
sylvana finds

 my heirloom roses

apothecary rose, ancient
ballerina, 1936
baronne prevost, 1842
belle de crecy, prior to 1829
blaze, 1932
cl. cecile brunner, 1894
eglantine rose, 1551
the fairy, 1932
general jacqueminot, 1853
harrison's yellow, 1824
la reine victoria, 1872
mme. pierre oger, 1878
mme. plantier, 1835
reine des violettes, 1860
rosa mundi, prior to 1581
seven sisters, 1817
sombreuil, 1850
therese bugnet, 1950
zephirine drouhin, 1868




heirloom rose sources

the antique rose emporium
high country roses
jackson & perkins

heirloom seed sources

select seeds
seeds of change
burpee

heirloom bulb sources

brecks
mcclure & zimmerman
old house gardens

winter sowing information

wintersown.org
winter sowing discussion forum
canadian winter sowing discussion forum

straw hat society

barlow flower farm
bbg
chinese scholar's garden
deep cut gardens
garden party at colonial park
gingerbread adventure
holiday train show
indoor children's garden
mushroom walk
nybg
van der goot rose garden
well sweep herb farm
my favorite public gardens

longwood gardens
rutgers gardens

my favorite gardening blogs

a garden exempt from public haunt
a growing delight
a journey of grace & whimsy
a study in contrasts
bliss
cincinnati cape cod
cold climate gardening
colors of the garden
empress of dirt
garden bloggers book club
garden rant
the garden shed hall of fame
gardening and yardening
hillside garden
in my backyard
in the garden online
kerry's garden
may dreams garden
the mouse and trowel awards
nature trail
the obsessive gardener
snappy's garden blog
takoma gardener
the transplantable rose
weeds between the cracks

nj garden blogs

city of nouns
compost bin
heirloom gardener
mucknmire
seedling
toytrains1's garden journal

green thumb sunday

a growing delight
a penny for them...
a southwest oasis
as the garden grows
blooms and bees
blossoming heart capture
calendula & concrete
cathies blog
crafty gardener ... in the candadian garden
danielle's garden blog
dilly dalley doolittle gardening
downmygardenpath
fliestalleben
frog garden
garden desk
garden gremlin
the gardeners anonymous blog
god's little acre
gotta garden
guppystorm's garden
hennysgarten
in my backyard
in the garden online
the inadvertent gardener
the inner eye
janet's garden
jess's garden
kate smudges in earth, paint and life
laura and her favorite things...
life on tiger mountain
lifecruiser
may dreams garden
me, my life, my garden
melbourne in photos
mommy grows up
motivated motion
mr. brown thumb
my country cottage garden
orchids and violets
ottawa hortiphilia
out back flowers
pavement to prairie
ramblings & other things
skeet's stuff
sophistishe.org
sparkling lotus-land
sugarfused.net
sweetpea's garden
tricia's musings
windywillow









www.flickr.com

this is a flickr badge showing public photos from oldroses. make your own badge here.





previous posts

an ending and a beginning
summer has arrived
green thumb sunday
the weirdness chronicles 2008 - chapter 4
peony envy
green thumb sunday
review: the flower farmer: an organic grower’s gui...
garden party
garden bloggers' book club
iris on parade

archives

january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
september 2008


 
	i am adaisy 
what flower are you?


 
view blog authority

blogroll me!

who links here

 






 




