







discount catalytic converters










































search
about us
direct fit cats
universal cats
diesel cats
o2 sensors
news
site map
contact us
home




















now stocking complete exhaust systems! mufflers & pipes for most cars and light trucks!give us a call!
click here

converter menu:


home
about us
direct fit converters
universal converters
diesel converters
o2 sensors
mass air flow sensors
new products
converter ordering
shipping information
order tracking
converter news
compliments
why  discount converters
why  converters fail
warranty
catalytic converter faq
terms
site map
contact us

  returnable converters
emissions info sticker 
tech tips
converter search
dealers




 
if you'relooking for a cheap catalytic converter

    click here 
if you have any questions concerning application or need technical advice concerning your vehicle please give us a call.we know cats!


everything you need to know about catalytic converters.



discount converters ltd.
      6823 fulton st.
      houston, texas 77022
      toll free usa 
      888-651-0770
      outside usa
      713-722-9200
      fax: 346-571-1051 










 discount catalytic converters 



converter news




discount converters ltd. is proud to announce our new look on the internet. the look is new, but we still remain the oldest and most knowledgeable distributor of catalytic converters on the web today! discount converters, ltd. started doing business in 1954 and has been serving internet customers since 1997. we have the most complete coverage of new direct fit bolt on catalytic converters, universal catalytic converters and direct fit oe type oxygen sensors, with pricing that is more than competitive and service that is second to none!  if we receive your order by 2 pm cst we will process and ship it  that same day!

what separates discount converter, ltd. from all others is, we know cats!  we know shopping for a catalytic converter can be a very intimidating and confusing experience.  many companies on the web show you pages of converters for your vehicle with prices that cover the spectrum.  some will even display a picture of a universal converter, at a very low price, then claiming it to be a direct fit unit when in fact it just isn't true.  we believe showing a customer page after page of catalytic converters is not only confusing but you run the risk of getting the wrong part or possibly a sub standard converter that just won't do the job.  we have business relationships with all the top line converter manufacturers in the country and from these we have selected the highest quality, direct fit units specifically for your vehicle, at more than competitive pricing.  the catalytic converter is the heart of your vehicles emission system so remember if the price is cheap....the product usually is too!  with the obdii vehicles of today and the troublesome check engine light the worse thing that could happen is you find a cheap price on a cat, order it, have it installed and then find out it isn't doing the job...any minor savings you may have gained at the beginning is more than lost when you have to go through the agony and frustration of doing the exercise all over again....talk about a total waste of time, money plus your major aggravation level...and believe me we hear this horror story from customers all the time who have been down that road!

here at discount converter we will not try to confuse or mislead you by showing you page after page of cats...you can be assured the one we have listed for your vehicle is of the highest quality and at a more than competitive price.  but where we really shine is we will go out of our way to give you service before, during and after the sale.  if you happen to be dealing with a technician or repair shop and they are telling you technical things you don't understand, give us a call!  we will be happy to talk to them directly on your behalf and then explain it to you in plain english.  we know what questions to ask as far as what diagnostics have been performed on the vehicle and what were the results.   we have a knowledgeable sales and technical staff with over 70+ years of combined experience in the exhaust and emission field. catalytic converters are our business and no other company on the web has the experience or knowledge to help you as discount converter.  if you have questions about catalytic converters, problems with your vehicles emission system, or you just need help understanding any problem we are the ones to ask! we will answer your questions honestly and straight forward. in some instances after talking to you we may even advise that a converter may not even be necessary!

our philosophy has always been, why sell a converter if it won't solve
the problem, its not good business and makes for a very dissatisfied
customer. many times we can help diagnose your vehicles problem just by
asking a few questions. we can then advise whether or not a converter
would be the fix or if possibly it might be another issue, if
replacing the converter is not indicated we will tell you! so
if you have questions or would just like to speak with people who know
their business, give us a call, no problem is too small! 

we carry in stock, a huge inventory of catalytic converters
and oxygen sensors for most makes and models of cars and light trucks,
import and domestic. we can have them delivered directly to your door
at low distributor prices. remember, even if we do
not list the converter for your car call us anyway, we have other
sources and will make every effort to help you find the correct
converter.. 

our catalytic
converters are 49 state legal and conform to all epa
certifications. we also have some coverage of california approved carb compliant converters. as soon as carb approves more converters we will have them available for sale. our direct fit cats are bolt
on and require no cutting or welding for installation and most
are shipped with the required gaskets. these direct fit units can be easily
installed thus saving you big $$$ over authorized dealer prices.



all of our direct fit and
universal catalytic converters carry 
factory warranties up to 5 years
or 50,000 miles!
remember we also carry direct fit o.e.m. type oxygen sensors!
discount converter, ltd.
we are the catalytic converter experts!
    excellent pricing / same day shipping!

888-651-0770
  we ship worldwide!
save today with discount converters ltd.


direct fit catalytic converters 
direct fit catalytic converters for all makes and models, foreign and domestic, at distributor prices, the best on the web.   fast, bolt-on installation.
all catco direct fit converters have:

    stainless steel body 
 stainless steel tubing
 aluminized heat shields
 many main converter assemblies eliminate need of a pre-cat 

 

universal catalytic converters 
discount converter, ltd. is proud to be the distributor for catco universal catalytic converters.  universal catalytic converters may be used on most cars and light trucks on the road today, but to be installed on a vehicle they do in most cases require, specific cutting and welding of the exhaust system.  in addition universal catalytic converters are not recommended in some cases.  if you are interested in the purchase of a universal catalytic converter and are not sure whether the application is correct for your vehicle please call our knowledgeable sales staff for assistance. 
 

diesel catalytic converters 
discount converter, ltd. offers diesel retro-fit converters for use on diesel fueled engines.  these converters are not to be used to replace converters for "on highway" vehicles that originally came from the manufacturer with a converter.  we can supply diesel converters both with ceramic or stainless steel substrates.
diesel catalytic converters  are designed for industrial use or anywhere the reduction of harmful exhaust gases is needed.  they will not only reduce the harmful emission levels but also reduce greatly the volume of particulate matter.  if you need a large displacement engine catalyst or system please give us a call.  we are able to quote most diesel converters to match your engineering applications and specifications.























about us
direct fit cats
universal cats
diesel cats
o2 sensors
news
search
site map
contact us
home










©copyright 2016 discount converters ltd. all rights reserved
for more information  contact us

imagebuilders web design & hosting
© 2023








