



rockhounding arkansas by mike and darcy howard













home
people and places
rocks and minerals
ask mikey


 

meet mike howard

j. michael howard is a native arkansas geologist, who after serving the public as an economic geologist/mineralogist for 40 years, retired in 2013.  he has authored many articles for mineral collectors as well as the scientific community. several of these articles have appeared in rocks and minerals magazine as well as special edition mineral publications for collectors.
rockhounding arkansas is presented by mike and darcy howard, for your information and enjoyment of mineral collecting in arkansas.


welcome to rockhounding arkansas
arkansas is famous around the world for quartz crystals, diamonds, and interesting rocks and minerals. here is the authoratative guide to rockhounding and mineral collecting in our state.
if you are a beginner or an accomplished mineralogist, you'll want to read through the stories and information presented here for the enjoyment of this fascinating hobby.
to learn about and download the igneous rocks annual report by j. francis williams, 1890. click here.
to learn about and download a 2016 publication on magnet cove, arkansas, click here.
to learn about and download a 2017 publication the minerals of the wilson springs vanadium mines at potash sulphur springs, garland co., arkansas, click here.
collecting crystals, updated 2011 in print and e-book

    updated with crystal mine information, collecting crystals was a guidebook written for all persons who collect quartz, either as an amateur, advanced hobbyist, or serious collector. step-by-step, this book takes the collector through the complete process of getting ready, getting to the best sites, collecting, cleaning and trimming the crystals for display at their best. 100 black and white photographs and illustrations. this book is now out of print in paper copy.


 




contact the authors of rockhounding arkansas at 
rockhoundingar.com copyright © 2018.
site by: arts & ideas studio
 



