


quoddy loop virtual tour guide -- maine and new brunswick






 









a three-nation vacation™ in coastal and island communities in…
downeast maine, passamaquoddy tribal communities, and the west fundy isles of new brunswick, canada!
passamaquoddy bay adventures
(quoddy loop tourism)
...a virtual tour of the
passamaquoddy bay area
in the western bay of fundy! 





area map


where is the quoddy loop?







the international "quoddy loop" consists of island and coastal communities along and within the western bay of fundy and fundy’s numerous bays in charlotte county, new brunswick, canada, and washington county, maine, u.s.a. — the greater passamaquoddy bay area. 
while you’re taking this tour, plan your vacation, or just have a relaxing visit from the comfort of home. 
in any event, have a wonderful time!  share 














search the webquoddy loop tourism 
for 










 













request
			quoddy loop  

literature 
from area tourism organizations 
 quoddy loop
			real estate classifieds
 
site navigation
     
 
site navigation
     

real estate
			& businesses for sale in:
cutler, me
lubec, me
campobello island, nb
pembroke, me
cooper, me
perry, me
eastport, me
robbinston, me
elmsville, nb


			website & hosted clients 


list your
quoddy loop business
on
quoddy loop tourism 

  










attractions


lighthouses, beaches, parks, whales, tides, ferries, history, nature, old sow whirlpool, adventure, ...and more! see important ferry information.
including sightings — a log of interesting things seen in the quoddy loop.

read the 2016 account, and view the video, of a great white shark in the bay of fundy near saint andrews.
view 2015 images and video of jellyfish.
see a 2014 video of a great white shark in the waters near st. andrews and of a porbeagle shark near deer island! 
watch a 2012 january 22 scuba diving video (with sound) of colorful, fascinating underwater sealife in passamaquoddy bay —

 





quoddy loop businesses  
javascript required.
 

what to do, where to eat, where to shop, where to stay.... what's your pleasure?  
listed by: 
 

business type  
business name  
community business directory
(look for the local business directory link near the top of each community page.)  
 handicapped-accessible businesses 
artists of the quoddy loop 

 






communities 



canadian, american, and passamaquoddy! 







 


crossing the border 




what you need to know when crossing between canada & the united states on foot, by car, boat, or airplane; or if accompanied by your pet!
important ferry information






 
currency & currency exchange 



want to know what your currency will buy when you cross the border? 





 
quoddy loop sightings  




exciting things of interest observed in the quoddy loop! 






 
downeast / maritime lexicon 



mystified by local jargon? here’s some help. 





 
"down ’quoddy way" cartoons  



quoddy-centric cartoon humor! ha, ha, haaaaah, ha, ha, ha! 





 
links to other information 





tourism & business, me, nb, & federal government departments  
search: travel, of interest to seniors, and general information  
links to other useful & interesting sites  










top of page 



quoddy loop tourism privacy policy

we're looking forward to your visit to the quoddy loop! 










 




apple, the apple logo, and mac are trademarks of apple inc., registered in the u.s. and other countries. the made on a mac badge is a trademark of apple inc., used with permission.  















© 1996

-

2022
old sow publishing






site comments or suggestions?












 





