











home : mercy volunteer corps










































skip to content














home
about

mission and vision
history
core values
equity
annual report
board of directors


volunteer

apply – year of service
apply – summer service
u.s. placement
international placement
benefits
timeline & faqs


service sites

current cities 

baltimore, maryland
cincinnati, ohio
philadelphia, pennsylvania
sacramento, california
savannah, georgia
georgetown, guyana
alamo, texas
benson, vermont


professional placements 

education placements
healthcare placements
social services placements


become a site


resources

alumni
blog
community
educational opportunities
employment opportunities


support

donate
sponsor a volunteer
giving options


contact

contact us
staff


search



search


submit








menu
















the applications for mvc’s 2025-2026 service programs are now available!
mercy volunteer corps offers professional placements in cities across the united states and in guyana, south america. mercy volunteers work in education, healthcare, and social services while growing spiritually and living simply in community.



volunteer for a year




volunteer for one year in the u.s. or south america. applications are accepted on a rolling basis. submit your app online today for priority in selecting your service site and city.





volunteer for a summer




volunteer in the summer at mercy ecospirituality center in benson, vermont or arise adelante in the rio grande valley!





support mercy volunteer corps





donate to mercy volunteers and mercy volunteer corps! your donations support mercy volunteers as they serve with people on the margins. donate online today!


donate today 


equity at mercy volunteer corps





mvc commits to dismantling racism and acting against systems which marginalize, dehumanize, disenfranchise, and oppress. read our statement and examine our goals that we created in order to address the inequality existing in our organization and to create goals for furthering efforts towards diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging.


learn more 


stories from mercy volunteers




serving in the u.s. and south america


forming a new home away from homejanuary 27, 2025when i first started as a mercy volunteer, i was nervous about moving somewhere i…read morequiet the mind and the soul will speakdecember 18, 2024throughout this year, i have greatly enjoyed the opportunity for reflection through yoga and meditation.…read morewelcoming the season of rest & reflection: lessons from a year with mercy volunteer corpsdecember 9, 2024hello mvc community, i’m writing this from my desk in baltimore, at my service site…read more









the mercy volunteer corps staff is here to help answer all of your questions and get you more involved in the mission of mvc!
get in touch







contact us
phone: 215.346.6643
 email: contactus@mercyvolunteers.org
address: 1012 n. bethlehem pike
                 suite i
                 lower gwynedd, pa 19002
© 2025 mercy volunteer corps. all rights reserved.


follow us
facebookinstagramlinkedinyoutubeemail


join our mailing list


enter your email addresssign up





back to top



search


submit





















