



dollhouse kits by greenleaf dollhouses - affordable collector doll house kit




















choose your new dollhouse...


the glencroft


the beacon hill


the mckinley


the garfield


the storybook cottage


the harrison


the pierce


the arthur


the westville


the vineyard cottage


the coventry cottage


the sugarplum


the fairfield


the haunted house


the vintage trailer


our mini villages


for even more choices in dollhouses, be sure to check out greenleaf's corona concepts series 
        of affordable all wood dollhouse kits! 
 









choose your new furniture...


single room furniture kits allow you to get only the rooms you need! these great furniture kits  from the corona concepts series will complete your house in no time! 


the bedroom


the dinning room


the living room


the bathroom


the kitchen


the library


 






choose your new finishing touches...


the details are what will make your miniature dream house stand out and be noticed! these outstanding dollhouse accessories will help complete your unique miniature project. 


shingles


siding


floor tiles 


stucco


 






fact: the tab and slot construction of our wooden birdhouses are what led greenleaf to manufacture dollhouses. these beauties look as good indoors as they do outside!


the lodge


the swiss inn 


the black forest 


the cotton wood


the  lodgepole


 






the greenleaf forum
a great place for info on all things miniature! mini swaps, community building projects or contests, there is always something interesting going on at this award winning forum!


the dollhouse universe 
visit our library where miniatures are the reality, with articles written by hobbyists just like you!


the owners gallery
come see how others have decorated their dollhouses or maybe post pictures of your own miniature masterpiece for all to see! 


the construction blogs
exclusive web content that will assist you in building your dollhouse plus unique finishing tips that will reveal  the true potential of your house! 


 






questions and answers
the greenleaf faq is constantly being updated so check back often for answers about your favorite dollhouse!


the downloads center 
can't find those pesky instruction sheets you need to finish your dollhouse? no worries, check here to see if they are available online! 


the dealer locator
find an authorized reseller of greenleaf and corona concepts dollhouses near you.


 






greenleaf dollhouses company store 
can't find the dollhouse you want at your favorite store? buy it factory direct from our company store! 


our web exclusives
greenleaf periodically releases products that are only available through our company store, so stop by often to see what's available! 


 






the greenleaf story 
the story and people behind the worlds largest and oldest dollhouse manufacturer. 


contact greenleaf
need to get in touch with us? here is the place to find out how, where and when. 















newsletter sign up 







enter your address:  





update your profile 

  




 


 














   dollhouses make the perfect holiday gift!
dollhouses have been a long standing traditional holiday gifts for both children and collectors since the beginning of time. for over 70 years, greenleaf has been providing that special gift you're looking for that will make this holiday season memorable. visit our company store for a selection of exclusive offerings including many new dollhouses to build that are not featured for sale on our main site. additionally, greenleaf is offering free shipping on orders over $49 on all of our dollhouse kits and dollhouse accessories.
greenleaf   dollhouses gets a makeover!
greenleaf dollhouses' website   is moving forward with a new look and more content than ever before.  we hope   that these improvements will allow miniaturists to   share information at a new level while continuing to provide a learning   environment for those that are new to our hobby.  you will notice that there are   a few areas that are still under construction, so please excuse us while we tidy   things up.  once complete, we will highlight these new features to be sure you   don’t overlook anything!  we appreciate your patience   during this transition
greenleaf opens its company store!
greenleaf dollhouses is now making our products available to consumers directly from our website.  this new development came by requests from many of you who do not have a local miniature dealer convenient to your location.  though greenleaf always urges you to shop close to home, we understand the need to have this convenience available to those of you who would like to buy factory direct. 
this also presents an opportunity for us to move   forward on a long-time desire to produce limited edition   dollhouses that will be available exclusively though our website.    these houses will be variations of your favorite greenleaf dollhouse that will be   manufactured in small quantities often on a one time basis.  please be sure to   check our dollhouse store regularly to see what will be available.
greenleaf dollhouses knows what miniaturists want!
what makes our dollhouse kits so popular? the answer is a combination of factors: exceptional design; affordable prices; a large selection of dollhouses and dollhouse furniture that children, adults and miniature enthusiasts can all enjoy; and quality wooden dollhouse construction. we've been making dollhouses for over 50 years and are acknowledged by many to have the best designs in the entire miniatures industry. our dollhouse and craft kit instructions are clear and well illustrated, dollhouse assembly requires no nails or tools, and there is a "satisfaction guaranteed" warranty in every dollhouse kit we sell. you'll feel right at home from the moment you open the box! 
as a retailer, the best reason to carry greenleaf dollhouses is because they sell. that is why greenleaf is the largest manufacturer of dollhouses in the world. our dollhouses and craft projects are sold in thousands of shops across the usa and canada, in numerous european countries, and in places as far away as australia and japan. 
if you are a consumer interested in purchasing  greenleaf dollhouse kit, check out our dealer locater to find the greenleaf dollhouse store nearest to you or visit our new  store to buy dollhouses online factory direct. 
a greenleaf wooden dollhouse kit is the perfect family project, a perfect family keepsake and perfect for the miniatures collectors. look around our site and check out our many dollhouse designs and also visit corona concepts for more choices in dollhouse kits and dollhouse furniture and other craft kits. 

 








home | greenleaf store | dollhouse forum | dollhouse rss feeds | site map | contact

© 2006 greenleaf dollhouses


 










 




 



 





