




prorates - better market intelligence

















                            custom services
                            
                            call 888 776 7285



















home
about us
products
mission & methods
daily mortgage news
rate compare
contact us













                    you need to 
                        upgrade
                        your flash player
                     to version 10 or newer.
                





















home equity loan
benefit comparison based on: 180mos,  and  $50,000 dollars









home equity loan
benefit comparison based on: 240mos,  and  $50,000 dollars








15 year fix mortage
benifit comparision based on: 180 mon, and $202,700 dollars








30 year fix mortage
benifit comparision based on: 360 mon, and $202,700 dollars









                special offer on rewards cards
                - all rates, fees and rewards details for over 400 cards. summary data plus cost
                and value comparison.
            



















mortgage products  



                            our mortgage products include 10, 15, 20 & 30 year fixed rates as well as 1, 3,
                            5, 7 & 10 year adjustable rates, all of which can be presented ranging from conforming
                            to jumbo values. we also provide to our customers a full listing of index values
                            from the h15 federal report, the corresponding yield curve of these values as well
                            as a product yield curve of average rates for all mortgage products. included in
                            our mortgage surveys are rates, discount points, origination points, and apr (either
                            calculated or reported). the frequency of reports received by our executive clientele
                            is determined solely by the customer and thus can range from daily, weekly or monthly
                            at the customer’s discretion.
                        
more >







deposits  



                            deposit products include all consumer or business accounts, all tiers including
                            dollar amounts and/or terms as determined by the surveyed institution. included
                            in the data set for each institution are features that may not be included in a
                            typical rate sheet or online. thus our clients determine which fields they would
                            like to appear in the summary or detail report and our research reflects their needs
                            accordingly. we separate specials and promotional offers in order to include and
                            display all promoted products tagged in our data base. this feature allows you to
                            separate and receive a screen search or report for review of the market trends.
                            a summary of your competitor’s promotions can be viewed either with your report
                            set or online using our web-based features.
                        
more >







loans  



                            we offer a wide array of loan rate surveys encompassing all products available in
                            the current financial market. our clientele can choose with precision which products
                            they’d prefer to include with their loan survey. any term, dollar amount, or financial
                            scenario can be provided for such that our research is trustworthy and accurate
                            to the exact date and specifications requested by our clients. ranging from home
                            equity loans and lines of credit to personal loans as well as vehicle, equipment,
                            business, or commercial loan surveys, our customers can rest assured that they will
                            receive their reports on time and to their exact specifications.
                        
more >
















fees  



                            prorates now offers reports to our executive clientele detailing the various fees
                            which apply to specific financial institutions. not every bank is the same in their
                            protocol regarding everything from processing fees to hidden checking, savings or
                            credit payments. therefore our fee surveys can be used by our clients to better
                            inform their own customers as well as stay informed in order to remain competitive
                            in today’s market.
                        
more >







promotions   



                            we also offer research reports which detail the promotional offers that come and
                            go throughout the calendar year. financial institutions will frequently offer short
                            term promotional rates on the various products they offer. keeping updated on these
                            promotions and their frequency would be a full time job for one person preparing
                            a report, but here at prorates we have an experienced staff whom pride themselves
                            on staying updated with financial market trends and making sure our clients don’t
                            miss out on what could potentially be highly valuable information.
                        
more >







free prorates samples and survey



                            a free set of reports is yours for review if you contact us via phone or email.
                            reports will include the federal h15 report including yield curve and additional
                            dollar numbers (50 data points in all). usa rate averages by product category, your
                            state’s averages by product category, and a survey of cd’s and money market products
                            for any 5 institutions in your region.
                        
more >



















                            social network |
                        









related links

mission and methods
news- mortgage daily
the street.com
ca real estate sales information
fdic state profile





 

ca demographic summary (tgbr)
credit card rewards report
blc associates-auto financing experts
american banker
case-shiller hpi options





quick links

products
mission and methods
about us
subscribe
contact us





contact

                                phone: 888 776 7285
                                fax: 415 775 5557
                                site: www.prorates.com
                                email: cservice@prorates.com
                                address: 1766a union street,
                                
                                san francisco ca 94123.
                            








© 2025 - copyright prorates . all rights reserved.


                            web solution by 
                                simplexhub ltd.
                            












