



baltimore civil war roundtable















 





"we who study must also strive 
					to save" 
- do what you can to save our national battlefields








join the bcwrt/renew dues



newsletter 
- 
							
next meeting  *** tuesday, 
							february 22, 2022 *** 
							




*** help us by shopping 
							here ***

							shop amazon.com for civil war books or anything else
via this link and all 
							commissions (4 to 25%!) will benefit the bcwrt!

							as an amazon associate i earn from qualifying 
							purchases.




meeting 
							location:
							all meetings via 
							zoom 
							until further notice.



baltimore 
							civil war rountable on facebook







the baltimore civil war roundtable (bcwrt) was organized 
		in october, 1982, and is open to all persons who are interested in the study 
		of the american civil war.  the purpose of the bcwrt is to provide 
		a forum in which to discuss and evaluate various aspects of this unique 
		period of american history.  we put our monthly meetings emphasis on 
		guest speakers.  we offer opportunities for field trips during the 
		year.  the bcwrt also hosts one banquet a year.  our group strongly 
		encourages and supports the preservation of civil war battlefields and historic 
		sites.  our monthly newsletter, the old liner, helps 
		keep members aware of what's happening regarding civil war related news 
		and events, as well as the speaker and topic for our upcoming month's meeting.  
		we take part in many ceremonies honoring the men and women of the civil 
		war.  we have helped with projects such as the maryland monument 
		at gettysburg and historic president street station. 
our membership includes men and women, young and old, with 
		varied backgrounds and different interests.  among the group are teachers 
		and professors, artifact and book collectors, re-enactors, preservationists, 
		participants in "living history", blue and white collar workers, the "sons 
		of union" and "confederate veterans", and those who simply want to learn 
		more about the personalities and battles of the civil war.  no matter 
		what your interest in the civil war, there's a place for you in the baltimore 
		civil war roundtable! 
the baltimore civil war roundtable meets on the 
		fourth tuesday of every month.  



all meetings 
		via zoom until further notice  


 (time: doors 
		open at 7:00, business meeting and speaker: 7:30 
		p.m.

		place: parkville 
		senior center, 8601 
		harford rd, parkville, md 21234.

		there is a $5.00 charge for non-members to attend the meeting.  there is 
		no smoking allowed in the senior center. -when in person meetings 
		resume.)
 for more information on the 
		baltimore civil war roundtable, please contact: 

			robert ford, president
rfordjazz@yahoo.com 

>>> click for form to join the bcwrt <<<
meeting location:

parkville senior center, 
		8601 harford rd,
		parkville,
		md
21234
aerial view 
		enter parking lot from hiss ave., use rear entrance to center.








