















zephyrhills, fl | official website









 















skip to main content




















announcements


	2025 recycling calendar
	more info...


	city of zephyrhills: hurricane milton updates
	more info...








create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













 












search







 
 
 




    doing business      government      services      community      how do i...  


 

 

 

 

 






 















 






  
 
 






























 














careers








municipalairport










 
 














pay a bill








permits &licenses










 
 














planning department








policedepartment










 
 














downtown








trash &recycling










 
 
 



 














latest news in zephyrhillswhat's happening in zephyrhills
 






  
 













hercules park now open!the city of zephyrhills' newest community park is now open! the 12-acre hercules park, located at 38100 county road, features a multi-level splash pad, nature-based playground, pavilions, open playfield, trails, restrooms, and more.









public meetings (mon., feb. 24) the city of zephyrhills has a regularly scheduled cra meeting (5:00 pm) and city council meeting (6:00 pm)  on, monday, feb. 24, 2025 at zephyrhills city hall (5335 8th street).questions? call the city clerk at 813-780-0000.










 












lead service line inventorythe city of zephyrhills is committed to providing safe drinking water to all residents. our dashboard provides information about lead service lines or drinking water contaminants. the results you see are a part of our lead and copper sampling program. 








facility rentals (online)the city of zephyrhills now offers online rentals/reservations for the alice hall community center, zephyrhills train depot, wickstrom stage, and more.










 
 
 




 














spotlightsstay up to date
 






  
 
 























city of zephyrhills 2025 recycling calendar 


view the city of zephyrhills 2025 recycling calendar, provided by the city of zephyrhills public works department.						more info...







2023 annual drinking quality report 


the city of zephyrhills is pleased to provide you with this year's annual drinking water quality report. our water source is groundwater drawn from wells. the wells are drawn from the floridan aquifer.						more info...







city of zephyrhills 2024-2025 fiscal year budget 


the city of zephyrhills 2024-2025 fiscal year budget is available in pdf format and online via a new interactive digital book through cleargov. this allows the public to stay updated on revenues, expenditures and project statuses throughout the city.			






city of zephyrhills rebranding initiative 


research showed that outsiders had a hard time knowing the pronunciation of zephyrhills. this led to the two-color breakup of the city’s name, making it simpler to read. the flowing portion of the “z” mark provides a sense of forward motion and ease.						more info...







view all resources




/civicalerts.aspx













  
 
 







 














upcoming meetings & eventsstay connected
 






  
 










may
1	


municipal association of pasco







aug
7	


municipal association of pasco







nov
6	


municipal association of pasco







feb
5	


municipal association of pasco







may
7	


municipal association of pasco





view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



 














living in zephyrhills
 






  
 
 














about us








visit downtown








agendas & minutes








parks & facilities










 
 








 
 
 



 














about zephyrhills
 






  
 













29miles to tampa
 




48miles to orlando
 




20k+residents
 




71.4°average temperature
 






  
 
 














13city parks
 




5public golf courses
 




1world-class skate park
 




1world-class tennis center
 






  
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







city of zephyrhillscity hallemail5335 8th streetzephyrhills, fl 33542phone: 813-780-0000fax: 813-780-0005
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







e-notifications



fix it! zephyrhills



main street zephyrhills



pay a bill



public records custodian



southwest fl wmd



zephyrhills chamber of commerce



zephyrhills 2030









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







accessibility



copyright notices



government websites by civicplus



privacy



site map









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














facebook








twitter








instagram








linkedin








youtube








nextdoor








city e-newsletter








public meetings (audio)








textmygov








service requests










 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




















  







arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









