



	house republicans







javascript must be enabled for the correct page display

skip to content






rep. lisa mcclain, chairwoman


facebook link


twitter link


youtube link


instagram link


truth social link


rumble link


gettr link











menu

decor-1
decor-2
decor-3
decor-4





home

about


members
house republican conference chair lisa mcclain
house republican conference vice chair blake moore
house republican conference secretary erin houchin
republican policy committee chairman kevin hern



latest


news
members' podcasts
videos



119th congress


steering committee
conference rules









search

submit





facebook link


twitter link


youtube link


instagram link


truth social link


rumble link


gettr link








open search form





main search

submit




















house
republicans











latest news










english/español: chairwoman mcclain’s statement on the u.s. ...

washington – house republican conference chairwoman lisa mcclain (r-mich.) released the following statement ahead of the u.s. house of representatives vote on h.r. 35, the agent raul gonzalez officer safety act: “this bill sends a message to illegal ...

read more






feb 12
chairwoman mcclain's statement on passage of the midnight ru...

washington – house republican conference chairwoman lisa mcclain (r-mich.) released the following statement after the u.s. house of representatives passed the m...







feb 7
chairwoman mcclain and rep. pfluger statement on passage of ...

washington - house republican conference chairwoman lisa mcclain (r-mich.) and republican study committee chairman august pfluger (tx-11) released the following...







feb 6
griffith, latta, bresnahan, mcdowell, and mcclain statements...

washington – today, representatives morgan griffith (r-va.), bob latta (r-ohio), rob bresnahan (r-pa.), addison mcdowell (r- n.c.), and house republican confere...









video feed







play video


house republicans leadership stakeout







play video


chairwoman mcclain and rep. bresnahan join morning joe







play video


house republicans leadership stakeout







photo gallery








rep. cory mills highlights how house republicans are standing up for the second amendment and disabl...









"the unequal application of justice by joe biden’s doj must be stopped. there cannot be one set of r...









majority leader scalise slams the biden administration’s extreme overreach and the weaponization of ...









"house republicans have continued to...deliver big wins for the american people." - majority whip em...









“thankfully, the house will take action on the halt fentanyl act this week to…give law enforcement t...









"one thing that is abundantly clear is the people's house is a productive house again." - house spea...









"a republican house majority will work to implement our commitment to america, which will reverse th...









“two months ago, you voted for a new direction for our country. you embraced our commitment to ameri...












rep. cory mills highlights how house republicans are standing up for the second amendment and disabled veterans.







"the unequal application of justice by joe biden’s doj must be stopped. there cannot be one set of rules if your last name is biden or clinton, and another set of rules for everyone else.”  - chair stefanik







majority leader scalise slams the biden administration’s extreme overreach and the weaponization of the federal government.







"house republicans have continued to...deliver big wins for the american people." - majority whip emmer







“thankfully, the house will take action on the halt fentanyl act this week to…give law enforcement the tools that they need to keep americans safe and to save countless lives across this country.” - rep. max miller 







"one thing that is abundantly clear is the people's house is a productive house again." - house speaker kevin mccarthy







"a republican house majority will work to implement our commitment to america, which will reverse the damage done by unchecked democrat one-party rule and start delivering real results..." - house republican conference chair elise stefanik







“two months ago, you voted for a new direction for our country. you embraced our commitment to america. and now, we are going to keep our commitment to you. - speaker mccarthy after being sworn in as the 55th speaker of the house of representatives. 























find your rep



gop jobs bank




house republicans


about


republican members


about conference


steering committee list for the 119th congress


conference rules of the 119th congress




latest news

english/español: chairwoman mcclain’s statement on the u.s. house vote on the agent raul gonzalez officer safety act
chairwoman mcclain's statement on passage of the midnight rules relief act
chairwoman mcclain and rep. pfluger statement on passage of the protecting american energy production act










house republicans | privacy policy




facebook link


twitter link


youtube link


instagram link


truth social link


rumble link


gettr link






back to top




get the latest from the gop

enter your email address for updates


subscribe below to get the latest news, insights, and information from house republicans directly to your inbox.




stay connected


subscribe






close popup







