









rondo pools | phoenix, az luxury pool builder








































 call us: phoenix hq 602-246-6202 | tennessee hq 615-200-7220















about rondo

rondo pools & spas history
team rondo bios


the rondo difference

we perfected the process
3d design
award-winning design center
top of the line products
testimonials


our services

residential pools and spas
commercial pools and spas


gallery projects
owner’s resources

videos
downloads
refer-a-friend
service warranty request


contact us

schedule a design consultation
contact info | design center location
financing information
job opportunities


 


select page


  
 
 



















explore the endless possibilitiespools | spas | water features
















the rondo difference





shopping for a pool builder can be nerve-wracking, a perspective buyer will quickly discover that not all builders are created equal. from the larger production companies to the small independent owner/operators… from the discount builders to the boutique luxury builders, the number of options is vast and deciding whom you should work with can be intimidating.



at rondo pools and spas, we pride ourselves on being the difference in our industry. we’ve put ourselves in a position where we can provide both a product and an experience that no other company can match. we’re excited to show you “the rondo difference.”

get started







envision your dream pool

explore our project gallery for inspiration and see how we bring backyard dreams to life. ready to make yours a reality? contact our expert pool builders today!















hay project










eichler project










benedict project










klassen project










valley vista










frame project










klassen project










140th place











browse our gallery










get started on your custom pool project
get in touch with our pool experts today for a free design quote!





get started




















residential pools & spas

discover$















commercial pools & spas

discover$













residential pools & spas



get started




commercial pools & spas



get started








what our clients are saying













"thank you once again for the hard work your whole team put forth to transform our backyard into the retreat we envisioned! from our very first meeting with your sales designers, the design process was a pleasure and the attention to details and our goals well understood. your superintendent kept the entire process moving forward and was always available to answer any questions when needed. we felt very informed during the building process and thrilled the project completed on time. our home is now complete with a gorgeous rondo backyard including pool, spa, water features, fire pit and travertine decking…and we are loving it!"





the benton family


scottsdale, az 












"we had a great experience with rondo. the pool is wonderful; everyone was super courteous and helpful. especially our customer care rep who i emailed often; she was amazing, helpful, and super informative. she made the experience even better and walked us through each step of the process, even when we were annoying. i hope she got recognized for her efforts and great customer service."





the kyle family


avondale, az 












"good investment, great company! thanks to rondo our pool and backyard landscape is gorgeous! we can’t say enough about the wonderful people at rondo who created our sanctuary. they were prompt and communicated with us throughout the process, addressing all concerns during and after construction. all work was done skillfully and with care to keep the area relatively clean throughout the construction. this is truly a company with integrity."





the ford family


peoria, az 












"just wanted to take a moment to say how happy we are with our new rondo pool. from the initial design to final completion, every inch of the way was professional. the workers sent to do the job were excellent, caring about their work ethics, and most importantly, friendly and respectful of our property. any unforeseen complications were handled without any cause for delay, and thus the pool is outstanding. once again…thanks!"





the goldstein family


surprise, az 















all testimonials





all testimonials



 












at rondo pools and spas, we pride ourselves on being the difference in our industry. we’ve put ourselves in a position where we can provide both a product and an experience that no other company can match. we’re excited to show you “the rondo difference.”




info@rondopools.com



followfollowfollowfollowfollow



quick links

about rondothe rondo differenceour servicesgalleriesowner’s resourcescontact us



our locations




phoenix hq
11616 n. cave creek rd. phoenix, az 85020
phone: 602-246-6202 fax: 602-870-1987






tennessee hq
123 trinity rd
franklin, tn 37067
phone: 615-200-7220
fax: 602-870-1987



let's talk now







copyright © 2023 rondo pools. all rights reserved. privacy policy | legal notice



 
































