



  





















luxury castle hotel & restaurant in sussex - amberley castle









  






























01798 831 992
											

bn18 9lt
											




brochure download
gift vouchers



 






hotel
rooms
offers & packages
gallery
virtual tours
history
gift vouchers >


families
dining & drinking
restaurant
afternoon tea
private dining
head chef


weddings & occasions
weddings
celebration of life


meetings
events diary & offers
location
things to do
directions


activities



 



book a room



















 


winter retreat
escape to amberley castle this winter and enjoy a three-course dinner, a complimentary bottle of laurent-perrier la cuvée, and an overnight stay with breakfast.
discover more







a castle for all occasions nestled in the sussex countryside
amberley castle is a unique luxury hotel steeped in over 900 years of history
view gallery







a castle for all occasions nestled in the sussex countryside
amberley castle is a unique luxury hotel steeped in over 900 years of history
view gallery







indulge in unforgettable moments
elevate every experience with our exclusive gift vouchers, providing options for exceptional dining, luxurious stays, unique events, and the flexibility of monetary value.
gift vouchers



























amberley castle receives one michelin key
amberley castle is proud to be recognised by the michelin guide with the distinguished one key award. this accolade celebrates our dedication to creating extraordinary guest experiences, from the historic charm of our castle setting to the personalised, impeccable service we offer. join us for an unforgettable stay that combines centuries of history with modern comfort.
discover our offers & packages 













rooms
the 19 luxurious guest rooms offer comfort and style, the interior design reflects the history of the castle and rooms are furnished with antiques and fine fabrics alongside contemporary features.
 find out more 













dining
at the heart of the hotel is the magnificent queen's room restaurant, with a barrel-vaulted ceiling dating back to the 12th century.
view the menus 













weddings
nestled safe and secure behind a portcullis, amberley castle lies waiting to be discovered as a truly unique wedding venue.
 find out more 













history
amberley castle, recorded in the doomsday book as amberley, is rich in history, and to this day, still retains many of its original features and decorations.
 find out more 













a warm welcome from the brownsword family
"900 years of romance and serenity in the south downs national park"
 find out more 















welcome to amberley castle
  | 
amberley castle is a unique luxury hotel in the picturesque village of amberley at the foot of the south downs. privately owned by andrew and christina brownsword, this magnificent 900-year-old castle is enclosed by a 60-foot-high curtain wall and portcullis that remains open, behind which you will discover an enchanting hotel offering the highest standards of food and service. bedrooms are resplendent with the luxurious facilities you would expect from a country house hotel.
history encompasses every part of this wonderful building and its many acres of gardens. enjoy discovering our tennis courts,18-hole putting green and croquet lawn. for those seeking tranquillity and relaxation, there are many quiet corners to discover under the shade of a tree or by the fireside. 








our latest offers & events















a taste of amberley castle






winter retreat






wedding open day






luxury stays & brilliant days






mother’s day nyetimber afternoon tea






chocolate eggstravaganza afternoon tea















 









			    				gidleigh park			    				devon









			    				the slaughters country inn			    				gloucestershire









			    				the slaughters manor house			    				gloucestershire









			    				the bath priory			    				bath









			    				buckland manor			    				worcestershire









			    				minster mill			    				oxfordshire









			    				old swan			    				oxfordshire









			    				sydney house chelsea			    				london




brownswordhotels.co.uk







							subscribe to our newsletter
						














								amberley castle
								nr arundel 
								west sussex
								bn18 9lt
info@amberleycastle.co.uk
								01798 831 992











about us
accessibility
careers
contact us
cookies
terms & conditions
privacy policy
cancel/amend booking



 









© andrew brownsword hotels. all rights reserved.



















×virtual tour 












