






















electrotechnical standardization – dke


























dke homepage


vde homepage





english






german


english























login


registration


login notes


forgot password?










































standards & specifications



areas of work



services



about us






































decentralized & digitally into the future

read more






top
























smart & efficient for a better quality of life

read more






top
























electrically and intermodally on the move

read more






top
























reliable & networked production

read more






top
























secure & innovative information systems

read more






top
























healthy & active through technology

read more






top


















contact

dke  german commission for electrical, electronic & information technologiesmerianstraße 2863069 offenbach am maingermanyphone: +49 69 6308-0e-mail: dke@vde.com









we are the expertise centre for electrotechnical standardization.
















the vision of the all electric society - for a future worth living in.



the all electric society stands on the horizon of all considerations of a successful energy turnaround and describes the vision of a carbon neutral and sustainable world. sun, wind and water as well as biomass cover the energy demand; technologies based on fossil fuels are electrified. secure supply due to volatile supply and demand situations in generation, transport and distribution therefore also requires increasingly more conversion technologies and storage technologies.the path toward an all electric society is a transformation process that raises political and economic as well as technical issues. electrotechnical standardization therefore faces many challenges to ensure that the convergence of sectors that are still separate today can succeed well and safely. but above all, when it comes to technological progress, standardization has shown time and again that it creates trust and stands for safety - and that is precisely what is needed in a world that relies on electrification and digitization.as a standards organization, we have set ourselves clear goals with the dke commitment 2030. the focus of our work for the successful implementation of an all electric society is the normative development of the architectural framework.only with appropriate standards and specifications will it be possible to create a common basis on which all stakeholders can continue to build.we pave the way. with standardization - for secure technological progress.






news










overview all news




think about a world without standards
























erschwertes laufen auf einer nicht genormten treppe durch unterschiedliche größe der stufen. | standards norway





















standards norway





















nicht genormter parkplatz mit parklücken unterschiedlicher größe und formen. | standard norways





















gefahr durch eine nicht genormte ampel an einem fußgängerüberweg. | standards norway





















erschwerte lesbarkeit der uhrzeit durch nicht genormte anzeige der ziffern. | standards norway





















nicht genormte fahrstühle mit zu schmaler tür. | standards norway





















nicht genormter ziffernblock auf smartphone erschwert nummereingabe. | standards norway





















gefahren durch falsche angaben auf nicht genormten verkehrsschildern. | standards norway















reach your goal with the expertise of our roadmaps















vde




with the wealth of knowledge contained in our roadmaps, you will be equipped with all the information on relevant electrical engineering issues and innovations that you need to reach your goal.


view all roadmaps

















follow us

















international standardization



































top links


dke organization


vde verlag













vde working areas





science


standards


testing



















contact


imprint


data protection notice


cookies notice


annual archive









© 2025 dke – vde association for electrical, electronic & information technologies































