














pediatrics | washington university in st. louis








































































































skip to content
skip to search
skip to footer




washu medicine 




pediatrics

 open menu




back
close
menu




search for:




search




close search



home
aboutabout

leadership
outreach
faculty development
diversity, equity & inclusion
quality, safety & practice excellence
st. louis
internal resources
join us
contact us


people
divisions
patient carepatient care

find a provider
services
locations


researchresearch

principal investigators
our labs
publications
centers
resources


educationeducation

residency
fellowships
medical student education
pediatric student research program (psrp)


calendar
giving




open search



 

  



 

children are our missionan enduring commitment to fostering the health and well-being of our children and their familieslearn more 









divisions research education

welcome to the department of pediatrics
for over 125 years, the department of pediatrics at washington university school of medicine in st. louis has a long-standing tradition of providing excellent pediatric training and fostering our faculty members’ highest potential in research, clinical care and educational opportunities. 



$61.72m
fy22 research funding



340+
full-time faculty



16
fellowships












field-leading child health research
from basic research to translational and clinical studies, our investigators seek to steadily advance understanding and improve outcomes at the local and global scale.

explore our research
















nationally ranked patient care
our washington university pediatric providers are dedicated to improving the lives and health of their patients every day through high-quality patient care.

explore patient care








nationally ranked patient care
our washington university pediatric providers are dedicated to improving the lives and health of their patients every day through high-quality patient care.

explore patient care













train here, thrive anywhere.®
our residency and fellowship programs provide a collaborative and caring environment where trainees can obtain the skills and knowledge they need to become unparalleled clinicians, educators or investigators.             

training programs








residency
hands-on, world-class, hands-down





student research
explore a career in research





fellowships
16 field-spanning programs

















one of america’s top pediatric hospitals
whether your child is coming to st. louis children’s hospital for a radiology procedure, same day surgery, a late-night emergency or an extended hospital stay, you can count on your child receiving care that is among america’s best.











ranked best in 10 specialties
st. louis children’s hospital, affiliated with washington university school of medicine, is recognized as one of america’s top pediatric hospitals by u.s. news & world report. the hospital has also received the nation’s highest honor for nursing excellence, the magnet designation from the american nurses credentialing center.



news



rdrrc mini symposium

january 9, 2025



the rheumatic diseases research resource-based center (rdrrc) invites you to its mini symposium, an event designed to unite rheumatic and autoimmune disease researchers from across the campus. this symposium will provide a valuable platform to share new research findings, facilitate scientific exchange, identify potential new collaborations, and promote our associated research core facilities.
researchers solve medical mystery of neurological symptoms in kids (links to an external site)

october 31, 2024



most people who visit a doctor when they feel unwell seek a diagnosis and a treatment plan. but for some 30 million americans with rare diseases, their symptoms don’t match well-known disease patterns, sending families on diagnostic odysseys that can last years or even lifetimes.
congratulations to our october 2024 safe accolade recipients

october 28, 2024



four members of the department of pediatrics received accolades through the supporting a fair environment (safe) program — congratulations! safe aims to improve the learning environment by promoting positive behaviors and managing concerns about learner mistreatment and unprofessional behaviors. safe accolades include treating others with dignity and respect, creating an environment that values diversity, equity […]









washu medicine department of pediatricswashu medicine660 s. euclid ave.st. louis, mo 63110contact us

facebook
twitter
youtube



affiliates barnes-jewish hospital
st. louis children’s hospital
bjc healthcare
children’s discovery institute
 

resources find a physician
office of faculty development
subscribe to newsletter
internal resources
make a gift

 


©2025 washington university in st. louis















