






safeguard | dental insurance | metlife




























skip navigation






































							
							
								home
							
							
						













safeguard
view and manage your safeguard and smilesaver dental and vision benefits here.


contact us












click play to play the hero carousel content


click pause to pause the hero carousel content





hero carousel button















members
        
find important information about your plan, look up a provider and download forms here.



learn more
        







employers
        
if you offer our benefits, access plan, billing, enrollment and eligibility information here.



learn more
        







dentists
        
metdental.com is the easiest way for dentists to work with metlife.



visit metdental.com
        







vision providers
        
vision providers can check the status of a claim, submit a claim, view facility reference guides and more.



view more
        









find a dentist or a vision provider
see if your doctor is in the network.







find a dentist
    






find a vision care provider
    






contact us
    














metlife oral health library
find information and tools for making better oral health choices



go
					    












vision benefits are provided by safehealth life insurance company for vppo and safeguard health plans, inc. for vhmo, only in california, both of which are metlife companies.
dental managed care plan benefits are provided by metropolitan life insurance company, a new york corporation in ny. dental hmo plan benefits are provided by: safeguard health plans, inc., a california corporation in ca; safeguard health plans, inc., a florida corporation in fl; safeguard health plans, inc., a texas corporation in tx; and metlife health plans, inc., a delaware corporation and metropolitan life insurance company, a new york corporation in nj. the dental hmo/managed care companies are part of the metlife family of companies. "dhmo" is used to refer to product designs that may differ by state of residence of the enrollee, including but not limited to: "specialized health care service plans" in california; "prepaid limited health service organizations" as described in chapter 636 of the florida statutes in florida; "single service health maintenance organizations" in texas; and "dental plan organizations" as described in the dental plan organization act in new jersey.
like most group benefit programs, benefit programs offered by metlife and its affiliates contain certain exclusions, exceptions, waiting periods, reductions, limitations and terms for keeping them in force. please contact metlife for complete details.









metlife.com



legal notices

privacy



© 2024 metlife services and solutions, llc
l0523031480[exp0525][all states][dc,gu,mp,pr,vi] 


















