













| grassrootsdesign







        skip to main content
      






servicesdevelopment & designgreen canadian hostingdomain registrationemail servicessupport servicesdroneportfolioabout usfeaturesintroduction to computersrandom name chooserzodiac animal finderchange preferencesocean bluespring greenautumn redprinter serifwinter greycontact



user menu


sign in





















development & design
hosting
registration
email
support
drone











grassrootsdesign creates original designs!grassrootsdesign develops, designs, installs & maintains websites.your website is ready when it looks and works the way you want it to.browse our servicesmore >>


fully featured green & canadian hosting!cpanel with the latest server softwarecanadian servers powered with renewable energychoose a hosting service
more >>


personalized registration and renewal services!register your domain with hundreds of extensions to choose fromadd a secure connection to your site with a security certificatesearch, register or transfer your domainmore >>


professional email services!get personalized and professional email addresses (your-name@your-domain.tld)access, send and manage your email using any email client or through webmailadd an email accountmore >>


full service tech support!support is provided directly by grassrootsdesign for all your internet servicestechnical, consultating, maintanence, and support servicesannual support packagessoftware updating servicemore >>


aerial photography and videohighlighted your business from an aerial view
photography or videorequest a quotemore >>

















 



 



 



 



 



 


















category



- any -



artists & craft



community & organizations



food & farm



news, consulting & publishing



resorts & accomodation



trades & professional












faith nolan 
singer, songwriter & activist

erin morris ceramics 

ontario turtle conservation network 
the network facilitates sharing of turtle conservation knowledge among non-profits, businesses, educational institutions, and grassroots organizations.





about grassrootsdesign









about us
community
contact us











about usgrassrootsdesign has been providing original website services since 1996. the internet has changed rapidly since then and we have continued to provide service based on the latest standards and technologies.our goal of supporting our customers and clients in gaining more control over their web presence has continued to grow as content management systems have also grown. open source & the gnu gpl software is supported by thousands of programmers, developers and users around the world keeping it fresh and secure at the same time.we are located in warsaw, ontario and provided website services for people throughout peterborough county and around the world.


communitygrassrootsdesign provides free design, development and consulting services to various community groups, organizations, associations, startups and others who need a professional website.we also provide low cost services to local organization upon request.if you have a web development project in mind don't let a limited budget prevent your project going forward. contact grassrootsdesign with your project and we will find a way to make it happen.


contact usemailinfo-at-grassrootsdesign.com(replace -at- with @)webhttps://grassrootsdesign.comtelephone705 930-2468(text or leave a message)mailgrassrootsdesign248 clifford roaddouro-dummer, ontario, canada, k0l 3a0secure emailgrassrootsdesign-at-proton.me(replace -at- with @)










features









introduction to computers
random name chooser
zodiac animal finder
change style











 
introduction to computersthe introduction to computers is a learners guide to computers. designed for people who are new to computers this guide will provide the basic concepts about computers and software. whether you are a new computer user or teaching computers to new users you will find this guide has resources that will answer some of your basic question.
go to the introduction to computers >>


 
random name chooser the electric hat random name chooser lets you pick a random name from a list of names. the draw is anonymous. only the chooser knows who they have picked.
go to the electric hat random name chooser >>


 
zodiac animal finderfind your chiness zodiac animal. simply enter your birthday to view your animal along with a profile, element and more.
go to the zodiac animal finder >>


change styledefaultocean bluespring greenautumn redprinter serifwinter grey




























2025 - grassrootsdesign - terms - privacygrassrootsdesign will never trade, sell or distribute your personal information. the website collects cookies to enhance your web experience. if you ever receive email from grassrootsdesign that you do not want please let us know immediately through our contact form.













