



into the light ministries - an end times ministry















 



 home
 salvation
 the sinner's prayer
 current articles
 encouragement
 bible studies
 women's studies
 bible study tools
 spiritual growth
 christian family & home
 help for victims of abuse

 sermons
 divorce and adultery
 sex - god's guidelines
 are you deceiving yourself?
 the church today
 testimonies
 tracts
 prayer requests
 missions
 itlm news
 ministry information
 contact us
 site index

join us on














 





welcome, brothers and sisters
to into the light ministries

an urgent plea:
 

 



click here for more informationabout our coronavirus relief efforts














it is our goal that no one will leave here empty handed, but rather refreshed and satisfied with the scriptural truths 
they came in search of. still, there are so many of you searching for answers. many emails come in from all over the world from people in 
need of encouragement and guidance on how to grow in christ
and how to develop a deeper walk with him. daily, people need prayer for
loneliness and depression. 
many of these people are victims of sexual abuse, rape,
molestation and the list goes on. we have all gone through times of hurt, pain and anguish. it is our 
heart's cry to lead the lonely, abandoned and injured to christ who accepted and loved us even with all our flaws and sin. many of the 
couples we counsel are going through divorce or are in adultery 
committed by themselves or their spouse. this ministry is working daily on getting more information, bible 
studies, and audio and video sermons up for you. however, 
if you cannot find what you are looking for, please do not hesitate to e-mail us and we will make 
every effort to help you.
on our missionary's page you can read about the invitations we receive from 
different countries, to go and preach the gospel. in many of these countries it is against the law to preach christ and him crucified. at 
the very least, you could receive a fine and be deported. at worst, you may be put to death after much torture if you do not recant your 
belief in jesus. all of the countries we have been invited to have serious problems with poverty, class distinctions, religious prejudice 
and persecution. many of the pastors and brethren who write to us have no complete bible of their 
own, so they pass around whatever portions of scripture they have. many, many of these people cannot even put food on the table for their 
families. yet they will spend all they have in order to obey the command of the lord to "go into all the world and preach the gospel." this 
is their sole purpose and the desire of their hearts, and they trust that god will take care of the other needs they and their families 
have. there is so much more to say about these things and we encourage you to go to the missionary's 
page and read it all.
we will let you know which countries our missionaries are in, which ones they will be going to and what items we need 
to send with them. the most important items are bibles, of course. but we also need 
bibles in 
different languages. many people need bibles in large print. other necessities we bring with us are: 
clothing, blankets, dry food goods, household items and personal hygiene products. we have found it to be true that when people are out of 
food, they are out of everything else also.
on the missionary's page you will also find excerpts from some of the letters we have received from different pastors 
and people in these countries and we will explain to you the different
ways 
you can be a help and blessing should the lord so lead you. we realize that not everyone is called to go to these places. it 
involves a great deal of both physical and spiritual hardship, but we are willing and eager to go into the mission field.
weekly encouragements includes scriptures and articles with 
words of edification and strengthening. please note, these are not pages of prophecy or personal words of knowledge. this section has been 
added in an effort to bring forth the word of god in a short, concise manner for people who are looking for something uplifting or 
comforting, or those who just need a touch from the lord. it is our prayer that everyone who comes to this 
section will be blessed by it.
for those of you who want to give your heart to the lord but don't have anyone to help you we have a
sinner's prayer. please realize that you do not have to say this prayer word for word. it is only a 
guide. the best way to give your heart to christ is by opening your heart to him and sharing it in your own words. included on this page is wisdom 
from the word of god for those who need scriptural answers to basic 
questions. all of the answers you will find here are straight from the word of god without personal input. it is also a great place to learn 
the basics of having an intimate walk with the lord. we pray that you will learn and grow as you study these things.
as we mentioned earlier, we do not want anyone to leave this website with questions still left unanswered. through our
site index we have endeavored to list certain topics and questions that have been brought to our 
attention and are answered with scripture rather than man's opinion. remember, it is not important what you or i say or think, or what 
someone else says or thinks. it matters only what the lord has to say.
if you are still searching for more answers and you just can't find it here, please use our 
bible search tool. this will help you to find answers with many different bible versions to choose from 
for referencing.
we ask you, please, keep us in prayer so that everything we do is done in the 
wisdom and guidance of the lord, for the glory of god and the expansion of his kingdom.










 
everyone must die sometime.
"...it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment..." hebrews 9:27
 







© 1998 - 2025 into the light ministries
 site index
webworks internet services








