











home | ela area public library









































      skip to main content
    





















          hours & location
        




ela area public library





9:00am-9:00pm







(847) 438-3433


ela area public library
275 mohawk trail
lake zurich, il 60047
united states


view on google maps







sun: 12:00pm-5:00pmmon: 9:00am-9:00pmtue: 9:00am-9:00pmwed: 9:00am-9:00pmthu: 9:00am-9:00pmfri: 9:00am-6:00pmsat: 9:00am-5:00pm

















  my account






main navigation



        toggle navigation      




books & more


open menu




read & listen


open menu



catalog


kids recommendations


teen recommendations


adult recommendations


world languages collection


can't find it?


recommend a purchase




stream & download


open menu



ebooks & eaudiobooks


magazines & newspapers


movies, music & tv


library apps




more to discover


open menu



library of things


museum passes







events


open menu




calendar of events


open menu



all events


kids


teens


adults




featured programs


open menu



book discussions


computer & technology 


reading challenges


storytimes




event resources


open menu



newsletters


class handouts


propose a program







learn


open menu




research


open menu



all databases


kids homework help


teen student resources


online training & tutorials




resources


open menu



business resources


community resources


genealogy


language learning


local history




explore


open menu



forge makerspace


digital media labs







services


open menu




at the library


open menu



passports


notary


voter information


study rooms & digital media labs


conference & meeting rooms


exam proctoring




services for


open menu



kids


teens


teachers


job seekers


older adults


accessibility




technology


open menu



print, copy, fax


computers & wifi


request technology appointment







about


open menu




using the library


open menu



get a library card


borrowing


account & password help


policies




get involved


open menu



jobs


adult volunteering


teen volunteering


donate


purchase a brick


ela public library foundation




about us


open menu



the library


contact us


board of trustees


foia & records


statistical dashboard


financial dashboard


5-star library story


























    catalog  




    website  
















          search
        









search our website





























online services may be unavailable due to a service upgrade overnight on feb. 18











 























 



          call 224.326.0605
        







 



          tax forms
        







 



          7pm wed feb 19
        







 



          7pm thur feb 27
        





























 



 




kids









 



 




teens









 



 




stream & download









 



 




passports









 



 




library of things









 



 




get a library card



















staff picks
















i who have never known men


discover the haunting, heartbreaking post-apocalyptic tale of female friendship and intimacy set in a deserted world.

deep underground, thirty-nine women are kept in isolation in a cage. above ground, a world awaits. has it been abandoned? devastated by a virus?

watched over by guards, the women have no memory of how they got there, no notion of time, and only vague recollection of their lives before. but, as the burn of electric light merges day into night and numberless years pass, a young girl - the fortieth prisoner - sits alone and outcast in the corner.

soon she will show herself to be the key to the others' escape and survival in the strange world that awaits them above ground. the woman who will never know men.


with a new introduction by sophie mackintosh, man booker prize-longlisted author of the water cure











shōgun


the classic epic novel of feudal japan that captured the heart of a culture and the imagination of the world, by the #1 new york times bestselling author and unparalleled master of historical fiction, james clavell
after englishman john blackthorne is lost at sea, he awakens in a place few europeans know of and even fewer have seen--nippon. thrust into the closed society that is seventeenth-century japan, a land where the line between life and death is razor-thin, blackthorne must negotiate not only a foreign people, with unknown customs and language, but also his own definitions of morality, truth, and freedom. as internal political strife and a clash of cultures lead to seemingly inevitable conflict, blackthorne's loyalty and strength of character are tested by both passion and loss, and he is torn between two worlds that will each be forever changed.
powerful and engrossing, capturing both the rich pageantry and stark realities of life in feudal japan, shōgun is a critically acclaimed powerhouse of a book. heart-stopping, edge-of-your-seat action melds seamlessly with intricate historical detail and raw human emotion. endlessly compelling, this sweeping saga captivated the world to become not only one of the best-selling novels of all time but also one of the highest-rated television miniseries, as well as inspiring a nationwide surge of interest in the culture of japan. shakespearean in both scope and depth, shōgun is, as the new york times put it, "...not only something you read--you live it." provocative, absorbing, and endlessly fascinating, there is only one: shōgun.











bury your gays


the instant usa today bestseller by chuck tingle about what it takes to succeed in a world that wants you dead.

"brilliantly bloody, wildly fun, and extremely scary, bury your gays brings a sledgehammer down on tired tropes and makes a masterpiece of their guts."—rachel harrison, national bestselling author of black sheep

misha knows that chasing success in hollywood can be hell.

but finally, after years of trying to make it, his big moment is here: an oscar nomination. and the executives at the studio for his long-running streaming series know just the thing to kick his career to the next level: kill off the gay characters, "for the algorithm," in the upcoming season finale.

misha refuses, but he soon realizes that he’s just put a target on his back. and what’s worse, monsters from his horror movie days are stalking him and his friends through the hills above los angeles.

haunted by his past, misha must risk his entire future—before the horrors from the silver screen find a way to bury him for good.

one of the best horror books of 2024 by esquire!
one of the best books of summer 2024 by paste, huffpost, esquire, and publishers weekly!

also by chuck tingle
camp damascus











until august


new york times best seller • the extraordinary rediscovered novel from the nobel prize–winning author of love in the time of cholera and one hundred years of solitude—a moving tale of female desire and abandon
 
sitting alone beside the languorous blue waters of the lagoon, ana magdalena bach contemplates the men at the hotel bar. she has been happily married for twenty-seven years and has no reason to escape the life she has made with her husband and children. and yet, every august, she travels by ferry here to the island where her mother is buried, and for one night takes a new lover.

across sultry caribbean evenings full of salsa and boleros, lotharios and conmen, ana journeys further each year into the hinterland of her desire and the fear hidden in her heart.

constantly surprising, joyously sensual, until august is a profound meditation on freedom, regret, self-transformation, and the mysteries of love—an unexpected gift from one of the greatest writers the world has ever known.











the god of the woods


a new york times bestseller

jimmy fallon summer reads winner

one of barack obama's favorite reads of summer 2024

“the god of the woods should be your next summer mystery.” —the washington post

“extraordinary . . . reminds me of donna tartt’s 1992 debut, the secret history . . . i was so thoroughly submerged in a rich fictional world, that for hours i barely came up for air.” —maureen corrigan, fresh air, npr

“riveting from page one to the last breathless word.” —rebecca makkai, new york times bestselling author of i have some questions for you

when a teenager vanishes from her adirondack summer camp, two worlds collide

early morning, august 1975: a camp counselor discovers an empty bunk. its occupant, barbara van laar, has gone missing. barbara isn’t just any thirteen-year-old: she’s the daughter of the family that owns the summer camp and employs most of the region’s residents. and this isn’t the first time a van laar child has disappeared. barbara’s older brother similarly vanished fourteen years ago, never to be found.

as a panicked search begins, a thrilling drama unfolds. chasing down the layered secrets of the van laar family and the blue-collar community working in its shadow, moore’s multi-threaded story invites readers into a rich and gripping dynasty of secrets and second chances. it is liz moore’s most ambitious and wide-reaching novel yet.











never whistle at night


 
national bestseller • shirley jackson award nominee for best edited anthology • bram stoker award nominee for superior achievement in an anthology • locus award finalist

a bold, clever, and sublimely sinister collection that dares to ask the question: “are you ready to be un-settled?”

“never failed to surprise, delight, and shock.” —nick cutter, author of the troop and little heaven

featuring stories by:
norris black • amber blaeser-wardzala • phoenix boudreau • cherie dimaline • carson faust • kelli jo ford • kate hart • shane hawk • brandon hobson • darcie little badger • conley lyons • nick medina • tiffany morris • tommy orange • mona susan power • marcie r. rendon • waubgeshig rice • rebecca roanhorse • andrea l. rogers • morgan talty • d.h. trujillo • theodore c. van alst jr. • richard van camp • david heska wanbli weiden • royce k. young wolf • mathilda zeller

many indigenous people believe that one should never whistle at night. this belief takes many forms: for instance, native hawaiians believe it summons the hukai’po, the spirits of ancient warriors, and native mexicans say it calls lechuza, a witch that can transform into an owl. but what all these legends hold in common is the certainty that whistling at night can cause evil spirits to appear—and even follow you home.

these wholly original and shiver-inducing tales introduce readers to ghosts, curses, hauntings, monstrous creatures, complex family legacies, desperate deeds, and chilling acts of revenge. introduced and contextualized by bestselling author stephen graham jones, these stories are a celebration of indigenous peoples’ survival and imagination, and a glorious reveling in all the things an ill-advised whistle might summon.
 











cue the sun!


the rollicking saga of reality television, a “sweeping” (the washington post) cultural history of america’s most influential, most divisive artistic phenomenon, from the pulitzer prize–winning new yorker writer—“a must-read for anyone interested in television or popular culture” (npr)

“passionate, exquisitely told . . . with muscular prose and an exacting eye for detail . . . [nussbaum] knits her talents for sharp analysis and telling reportage well.”—the new york times (editors’ choice)

who invented reality television, the world’s most dangerous pop-culture genre? and why can’t we look away? in this revelatory, deeply reported account of the rise of “dirty documentary”—from its contentious roots in radio to the ascent of donald trump—emily nussbaum unearths the origin story of the genre that ate the world, as told through the lively voices of the people who built it. at once gimlet-eyed and empathetic, cue the sun! explores the morally charged, funny, and sometimes tragic consequences of the hunt for something real inside something fake.

in sharp, absorbing prose, nussbaum traces the jagged fuses of experimentation that exploded with survivor at the turn of the millennium. she introduces the genre’s trickster pioneers, from the icy allen funt to the shambolic chuck barris; cops auteur john langley; cynical bachelor ringmaster mike fleiss; and jon murray and mary-ellis bunim, the visionaries behind the real world—along with dozens of stars from an american family, the real world, big brother, survivor, and the bachelor. we learn about the tools of the trade—like the frankenbite, a deceptive editor’s best friend—and ugly tales of exploitation. but cue the sun! also celebrates reality’s peculiar power: a jolt of emotion that could never have come from a script.

what happened to the first reality stars, the louds—and why won’t they speak to the couple who filmed them? which serial killer won on the dating game? nussbaum explores reality tv as a strike-breaker, the queer roots of bravo, the dark truth behind the apprentice, and more. a shrewd observer who adores television, nussbaum is the ideal voice for the first substantive history of the genre that, for better or worse, made america what it is today.











sandwich


instant new york times bestseller
"sandwich is joy in book form. i laughed continuously, except for the parts that made me cry. catherine newman does a miraculous job reminding us of all the wonder there is to be found in life."--ann patchett, new york times bestselling author of tom lake
"if you like my novels, you will love love love this . . . . i stand in awe, it's just perfect."--elin hilderbrand, #1 new york times bestselling author of swan song
from the beloved author of we all want impossible things, a moving, hilarious story of a family summer vacation full of secrets, lunch, and learning to let go.
for the past two decades, rocky has looked forward to her family's yearly escape to cape cod. their humble beach-town rental has been the site of sweet memories, sunny days, great meals, and messes of all kinds: emotional, marital, and--thanks to the cottage's ancient plumbing--septic too.
this year's vacation, with rocky sandwiched between her half-grown kids and fully aging parents, promises to be just as delightful as summers past--except, perhaps, for rocky's hormonal bouts of rage and melancholy. (hello, menopause!) her body is changing--her life is, too. and then a chain of events sends rocky into the past, reliving both the tenderness and sorrow of a handful of long-ago summers.
it's one precious week: everything is in balance; everything is in flux. and when rocky comes face to face with her family's history and future, she is forced to accept that she can no longer hide her secrets from the people she loves.











one of our kind


#1 new york times bestselling author nicola yoon’s daring new work of dystopian horror is a propulsive satire set in an all-black gated community. for fans of the sellout and erasure, with a shocking ending you’ll never see coming, jodi picoult calls it "brilliant, provocative, seminal....your book club will be discussing this one for days.”

jasmyn and king williams move their family to the planned black utopia of liberty, california hoping to find a community of like-minded people, a place where their growing family can thrive. king settles in at once, embracing the liberty ethos, including the luxe wellness center at the top of the hill, which proves to be the heart of the community. but jasmyn struggles to find her place. she expected to find liberals and social justice activists striving for racial equality, but liberty residents seem more focused on booking spa treatments and ignoring the world’s troubles.

jasmyn’s only friends in the community are equally perplexed and frustrated by most residents' outlook. then jasmyn discovers a terrible secret about liberty and its founders. frustration turns to dread as their loved ones start embracing the liberty way of life.

will the truth destroy her world in ways she never could have imagined?

a gripping thriller with wry, razor-sharp social commentary, one of our kind explores the ways in which freedom is complicated by the presumptions we make about ourselves and each other.











dungeons and drama


a national bestseller!

when it comes to romance, sometimes it doesn't hurt to play games. a fun ya romcom full of fake dating hijinks!

musical lover riley has big aspirations to become a director on broadway. crucial to this plan is to bring back her high school’s spring musical, but when riley takes her mom’s car without permission, she's grounded and stuck with the worst punishment: spending her after-school hours working at her dad’s game shop.

riley can't waste her time working when she has a musical to save, so she convinces nathan—a nerdy teen employee—to cover her shifts and, in exchange, she’ll flirt with him to make his gamer-girl crush jealous.

but riley didn’t realize that meant joining nathan's dungeons & dragons game…or that role playing would be so fun. soon, riley starts to think that flirting with nathan doesn't require as much acting as she would've thought...








view all






staff picks for kids
















no cats in the library


a stray cat follows her love of books all the way to a new library home in this charming debut picture book that’s “catnip for librarians and young book lovers alike” (school library journal, starred review).

clarisse is a clever cat who loves books. she may not understand the dark, squiggly lines, but she can’t get enough of the pictures. one day, she stumbles upon a magical building where people walk in empty-handed and come out with an armload of books. she has to find a way inside!

there’s just one problem: no cats are allowed in the library! that’s not going to stop clever clarisse, though. once she sneaks in, she stumbles upon exciting new stories and even helps a little girl practice reading aloud. but when the librarian comes looking, will clarisse be allowed to stay?











plain jane and the mermaid


from anya's ghost and be prepared author vera brosgol comes an instant classic graphic novel that flips every fairy-tale you know on its head, and shows one girl's crusade for the only thing that matters—her own independence.

jane is incredibly plain. everyone says so: her parents, the villagers, and her horrible cousin who kicks her out of her own house. determined to get some semblance of independence, jane prepares to propose to the princely peter, who might just say yes to get away from his father. it’s a good plan!

or it would’ve been, if he wasn’t kidnapped by a mermaid.

with her last shot at happiness lost in the deep blue sea, jane must venture to the world underwater to rescue her maybe-fiancé. but the depths of the ocean hold beautiful mysteries and dangerous creatures. what good can a plain jane do?











atana and the firebird


a mermaid, a firebird, and a witch become entangled with the mysterious and powerful witch queen, who may hold the key to each of their past in this epic middle grade fantasy by debut author vivian zhou.
atana's island may be quiet and peaceful, but mostly, it's lonely. with the outside world full of magic hunters who would stop at nothing to capture a mermaid like her, atana has never been brave enough to swim far from her island's shores and seek the answers to her mysterious past--until a firebird named ren unexpectedly crashes into her life.
ren's arrival does not go unnoticed, as it has been hundreds of years since a firebird last landed on earth. determined to both protect ren and finally chase the answers she's longed for, atana embarks on an adventure that takes her and the firebird to strange new islands and entangles them with the powerful yet secretive witch queen.
generous though the witch queen's offer of protection may be, an invitation to the blue palace can't come without a price. and while the palace's splendid halls and library might hold the key to atana's past, will she be willing to pay the cost when it risks her chance of a bright new future?











the puppets of spelhorst


a new york times bestseller!

"kate dicamillo's dazzling first title in the norendy tales trilogy is brimming with wit, whimsy, and heart as it follows five puppets fulfilling their thrilling shared destiny." - shelf awareness

shut up in a trunk by a taciturn old sea captain with a secret, five friends--a king, a wolf, a girl, a boy, and an owl--bicker, boast, and comfort one another in the dark. individually, they dream of song and light, freedom and flight, purpose and glory, but they all agree they are part of a larger story, bound each to each by chance, bonded by the heart's mysteries. when at last their shared fate arrives, landing them on a mantel in a blue room in the home of two little girls, the truth is more astonishing than any of them could have imagined. a beloved author of modern classics draws on her most moving themes with humor, heart, and wisdom in the first of the norendy tales, a projected trio of novellas linked by place and mood, each illustrated in black and white by a different virtuoso illustrator. a magical and beautifully packaged gift volume designed to be read aloud and shared, the puppets of spelhorst is a tale that soothes and strengthens us on our journey, leading us through whatever dark forest we find ourselves in.











a family like ours


everyone's family is unique--and good! from sprawling extended families and close-knit units to adopted and chosen families, a family like ours celebrates all those important connections we build over the years. regardless of what yours looks like, family is a place for support, safety, growth, and inspiration. what is special, surprising, or sensational about your family?











two-headed chicken


in a hilarious, absurdist romp by new york times best-selling creator tom angleberger, a two-headed chicken races across the multiverse to escape a hungry moose.

anything is possible in the multiverse, including a madcap adventure starring a plucky two-headed chicken. but look out—there’s a chicken-hungry moose in pursuit! in this fourth wall–breaking graphic novel, our double-headed hero is chased through dozens of bizarre universes, from an ocean planet with a disturbing mermoose (that you can never unsee) to a world where chickens drive cars, and even to a land covered with . . . pizza sauce? with each bzoop! of the universe-hopping astrocap, the only thing to expect is the unexpected. packed with jokes, quizzes, and games, the two-headed chicken’s wacky escapades will remind readers of such favorites as dog man and catstronauts. absurdist superstar tom angleberger makes his original graphic novel debut with this lightning-fast caper that will have readers laughing out loud and eager for each new page.











a spoonful of time


when you reach me meets love sugar magic in this unforgettable middle grade novel where time travel, family recipes, and family secrets collide.

maya’s grandmother, halmunee, may be losing her memory, but there’s something almost magical about the way she cooks. whether halmunee serves salty miyeokguk or sweet songpyeon, her stories about korea come to life for maya.

then one day, something extraordinary happens: a single delicious bite of patbingsu transports maya and halmunee back into one of halmunee’s memories. suddenly they’re in seoul, and halmunee is young.

this is just the first of many secrets maya will uncover: that she and her grandmother can time-travel, and they aren’t the only ones with this ability. as maya eats her way through the past, her questions multiply—until a shocking discovery transforms everything she thought she knew about family, friendship, loss, and time itself.

brimming with heart and interspersed with seven family recipes that readers can make themselves, this is a story to savor by rising korean american author flora ahn.











small places, close to home


the rights of children--and of all living things--begin in small places, close to home.
this is a poetic and moving adaptation of u.n. universal declaration of human rights in honor of its seventy-fifth anniversary.
in backyards and city parks, in school and at home--wherever and however we move through this world, we have certain inalienable rights--and it's up to each one of us to ensure those rights for others, too.
the universal declaration of human rights, drafted by eleanor roosevelt and signed on december 10, 1948, marked the first time that countries agreed on a comprehensive statement of inalienable human rights. this gorgeous adaptation for children reminds us that universal rights begin in small places, close to home.
we all deserve to live free,
to feel safe,
to belong,
to learn,
to dream.











ten-word tiny tales


uk children's laureate joseph coelho presents twenty tiny tales--each one illustrated by a different artist, and each just ten words long--in a book that's as much a work of art as an invitation to budding writers.

"invite me in," she says, outside my tenth-story window.

is it possible to spin a tale using just ten words? in this magnificent compendium, author and poet joseph coelho proves that it is--with mini-stories of underwater worlds, demon hamsters, bears in outer space, and portals to places unknown. from charming to creepy, fantastical to mysterious, each tale is paired with an outstanding illustrator, and together words and pictures inspire creativity as young readers are prompted to continue the story. prefaced with a note from the author and offering two writing challenges at the end, this is an ideal gift for anyone ready to unleash their imagination.

with artwork from:
alex t. smith * camilla sucre * chuck groenink * daishu ma * dapo adeola * dena seiferling * flavia z. drago * freya hartas * helen stephens * julia sarda * katie may green * karl james mountford * maja kastelic * mariachiara di giorgio * nahid kazemi * raissa figueroa * reggie brown * shaun tan * thea lu * yas imamura * yoko tanaka











wretched waterpark


a middle-grade mystery series that's spooky, creepy, and filled with gothic twists! meet the sinister-winterbottom twins, who solve mysteries at increasingly bizarre summer vacation destinations in the hopes of being reunited with their parents—or at the very least finally finding a good churro.

“an absolute delight. if i have to die in a waterpark, i want to die in this one.”—holly black, #1 new york times bestselling author of the cruel prince

"wickedly weird. . . . will appeal to anyone who loved a series of unfortunate events." —the new york times

meet the sinister-winterbottoms: brave theo, her timid twin, alexander, and their older sister, wil. they’re stuck for the summer with their aunt saffronia, who doesn’t know how often children need to eat and can’t use a smartphone, and whose feet never quite seem to touch the floor when she glides—er—walks.

when aunt saffronia suggests a week pass to the fathoms of fun waterpark, they hastily agree. but the park is even stranger than aunt saffronia. the waterslides look like gray gargoyle tongues. the employees wear creepy black dresses and deliver ominous messages. an impossible figure is at the top of the slide tower, people are disappearing, and suspicious goo is seeping into the wave pool.

something mysterious is happening at fathoms of fun, and it’s up to the twins to get to the bottom of it. the mystery, that is. not the wave pool. definitely not the wave pool. but are theo and alexander out of their depth?








view all






















upcoming events


























subscribe to our newsletter today!





      subscribe!
    











contact us

275 mohawk trail
lake zurich, il  60047
(847) 438-3433
contact us


hours

9am-9pm, monday-thursday
9am-6pm, friday
9am-5pm, saturday
12pm-5pm, sunday


connect with us!


 




 






















© 2021 ela area public library | all rights 






back to top






















