




















millennium intelligence agency - private investigator services for attorneys





























nueva versión:




close menu


home
call
email
visit
search
menu







213-986-9888










home
mia philosophy
about us
services

asset search
background checks
social media investigations
whereabouts searches


faqs
blog

in the news


contact us












investigative services
providing a wide range of investigative services for attorneys, government agencies, and corporations in the area of civil litigation.







people, places & things
investigating thousands of civil cases over the past twenty-five years for attorneys.







you want information, we’ll find it
we are always available to meet and consult on a case at any stage of the litigation.






how we can help you


asset search


social media history


whereabouts searches


background checks






looking out for your best interests
we find information
millennium intelligence agency (mia) is a licensed private investigative agency led by investigator carter spohn that specializes in providing select investigative services to attorneys and their clients. we consult with attorneys, law firms, businesses and governmental agencies mostly in the area of litigation, including pre-suit, discovery, trial, post-trial and judgments. we find facts and pertinent information, preserve evidence and provide reporting to our clients that allow for informed decisions throughout the litigation process.
our expertise
consulting with our clients is the cornerstone of our practice. bringing ideas and solutions to your complex matters is our expertise. mia has gained a reputation for gathering key intelligence which plays a critical decision-making role in litigation.
since 1984, we have been called on to find key information and assist attorneys in their most difficult cases. we specialize in civil litigation at the trial level. as a licensed private investigator, spohn has investigated thousands of cases involving personal injury, product liability, aviation disasters, asbestos litigation, insurance bad faith, holocaust-era insurance litigation, armenian genocide claims, and more. we find what others can’t.






 

the art and science of finding people,  places and things
lawsuits are usually about money and advocating and protecting your client’s rights.
the discovery of accurate intelligence in litigation is crucial to your client’s case. you don’t know what you don’t know – but the other side does!
most litigation involves people, places and things – witnesses, assets, social media, insurance policies and more. consulting with mia can greatly assist attorneys and their clients in critical decision-making at every stage of litigation.





the information you need, the way you need it
millennium intelligence agency has been providing investigative services for attorneys and law firms for more than 35 years. you can rest assured that the information and reports we provide to you will be presented in a professional, efficient format that you can easily digest and confidently use in a court proceeding or other legal environment. all searches are conducted in compliance with applicable federal legislation, such as the pretexting provision of the gramm-leach-bliley act (gbla), and all information developed in the course of our investigations is obtained in a legal, ethical, honest and professional manner. count on millennium intelligence agency for your critical intelligence-gathering needs, including all of the following:


asset searches
asset searches play a critical role in many stages of civil litigation: pre-suit, to find out if a party is worth pursuing; settlement offers, as part of due diligence to make sure an offer is fair and complete; post-judgment, for collections or a debtor’s exam. millennium intelligence agency conducts statewide, national and international asset searches, including searches that not every investigator might think to pursue. for instance, a litigation search can help determine whether an individual might soon be coming into money or serve as a road map to finding more information on a person. with over 35 years of investigative experience, we possess the skills and understanding to conduct an exhaustive asset search.


social media history
half of the people in the world and the vast majority of americans have social media, and every time they use it, they leave behind a digital footprint of their activities. mining this data can reveal valuable information. a social media search can go to the credibility of a party or witness if they said they weren’t somewhere that they were or vice versa, or if their behavior is inconsistent with an alleged injury or other facts of the case. a social media search can even help attorneys with concerns about their own client’s credibility. a social media investigation can also be useful in identifying an individual’s associates.


whereabouts searches
we help attorneys find defendants, witnesses and even their own clients. with 35 years of experience conducting skip traces and other person searches, we are well-versed in the full set of tools available, from the most modern means to methods many investigators today may have forgotten, never used or don’t even know about.


background checks
knowing who you are dealing with is critical in civil litigation. obtaining crucial details on defendants, witnesses and other key individuals reveals valuable information that wins cases. background checks enable you to level the playing field and evaluate witnesses, opposing parties, potential jurors, and other persons whose opinions and statements of facts can change the outcome of your case.







professional investigative agency  here to serve you
for help locating the people, places and things that enable you to make informed decisions in your legal practice, call millennium intelligence agency at 213-986-9888, or contact us online.







investigative services


the facts that support winning litigation can be broken down into three simple areas, people, places and things. in a perfect world, all the facts you need to develop your case should be easy to find or discoverable.
mia tracks down everything else.




people

witnesses
defendants
custodian of records
agent for service
clients



places

accident sites
corporate domicile
internet sites
place of employment



things

assets
evidence
litigation history
exemplar products & parts








 
213-986-9888
 



 



investigative services

asset searches
background checks
social media searches  
whereabouts searches



license # 10418

site map
disclaimer
contact us







© 2012 - 2025 millennium intelligence agency. all rights reserved.













