
































    sbt fun - home
  













               


     home



  about us



  library


   books


   breed specific books



  books of interest



  sbt club books



  fiction & stories





  booklets


   the staffordshire bull terrier by jack barnard



  the sbt heritage centre - a history of the dog by by robert evans



  the stafford companion dog by jill airy



  let a stafford in your life by jill airy



  plight of the badger by donna hopkinson & mandi wilson





  magazines


   the stafford



  the pit



  cradbury



  the tatler



  fiery cross



  photo review







  historical


   sbt aid 2003



  kennel & stud adverts



  historical photos



  historical articles





  auctions


   current auctions



  upcoming auctions


   original watercolour by alison lingley



  a 3d printed sbt puppy by kelly davis





  auction archives





  finder service



  sbt fun archives


   sbt fun stories



  sbt fun adverts



  sbt fun wallpapers



  sbt aid 2003



  sbt photos





  photo gallery






   

contact us








    
 





       sbt fun sbt fun takes pride in promoting a positive image of the staffordshire bull terrier - a special and versatile breed


   

        







  about us
 established in 1998, sbt fun aims to promote and support a positive image of staffordshire bull terriers worldwide. learn more


       







  resource 
library 
 online resource library of sbt related books, magazines, collectibles and memorabilia. learn more


      




  historical
 online resource containing information about the sbt aid auction in 2003, historical sbt articles, kennel adverts, photographs, etc. learn more


       






 shop a range of sbt related books, magazines, artwork, collectibles, memorabilia, etc. available to buy now from our shop. learn more



       




  finder service  & trading
 we trade in sbt related books, magazines, collectibles, and memorabilia etc.  part of this service involves finding items for buyers and locating buyers for sellers. learn more


      




 the sbt fun archives our original website contained a vast amount of information.  it's contents are currently being restored and uploaded in our archive.  learn more


       







  photo gallery
 past and present photos. learn more


      




  sbt fun stafford auctions
 an exclusive group to auction, sell and buy rare and / or quality staffordshire bull terrier related collectibles, books, artwork, memorabilia, figurines, etc.  learn
more










       


 contact us  +44 (0) 7885 954 223
shop@sbtfun.com
﻿

     

 

 

 




  © 2025 
all rights reserved (1998 - 2023) | karate fun ltd (trading as sbt fun)


company registration no. sc414454



























































































































  
  share by:








