







gwyneth walker — composer


gwyneth walker — composer



catalogs and news:

view press kit containing composer biography and downloadable photos.
consult the composer's catalog of music.
 (the catalog contains audio and pdf score samples for most works) 
browse the composer's available cd recordings.
view news of the composer's upcoming activities and performances.

other website features:

view a video introduction and interview with the composer.
listen to an mp3 file of a brief audio welcome to this site by the composer.
read essays and lectures by the composer.
read articles about the composer's music and activities.
read reviews of the composer's works.
read letters written to the composer and her replies.
read research documents and information about the composer's music.
view the performers gallery.
view gallery of the composer's home in braintree, vermont.
view gallery of the composer's childhood and family.
hear video/radio interviews and recorded lectures/presentations with the composer.
view photos and information from special events involving the composer's music.
read copyright and site background and recording permissions information.
view archival manuscript material for researchers and scholars.
search all pages of the website.


widely performed throughout the country, the music of american composer gwyneth walker is beloved by performers and audiences alike for its energy, beauty, reverence, drama, and humor. dr. gwyneth walker (b. 1947) is a graduate of brown university and the hartt school of music. she holds b.a., m.m. and d.m.a. degrees in music composition. a former faculty member of the oberlin college conservatory, she resigned from academic employment in 1982 in order to pursue a career as a full-time composer. for nearly 30 years, she lived on a dairy farm in braintree, vermont before returning to live in her childhood hometown of new canaan, connecticut.
a composer since age two, gwyneth walker has always placed great value on writing in a broad array of genres. more than 400 commissioned works for orchestra, chamber ensembles, solo instruments, chorus, and solo voice have been created—all arising from the impetus of performers and collaboration with musicians. over the decades, she has traveled throughout north america to attend performances of her works and to meet her musician colleagues.
gwyneth walker is a proud resident of new england. she was the recipient of the 2000 "lifetime achievement award" from the vermont arts council and the 2018 "alfred nash patterson lifetime achievement award" from choral arts new england. in 2020, her alma mater, the hartt school of music of the university of hartford, presented her with the hartt alumni award.
walker's catalog includes musical works of many sorts: arrangements of traditional folk songs; original music in both vocal and instrumental genres inspired by great american poetry; dramatic works that combine music with readings, acting, and movement; works for student performers of all ages; and large-scale pieces for professional players and ensembles. the music of gwyneth walker is published by e.c. schirmer (choral/vocal/instrumental music) and lauren keiser music (orchestral/instrumental music).
return to the top of the page.


top photograph (with cows) and lower color portrait by robert eddy. view press kit for full-size downloadable photos.



the published works of gwyneth walker are available for purchase (and/or rental) from the publishers, not from the composer. see the catalog of works for order numbers and contact information for all publishers.

students doing projects on the music of gwyneth walker are directed to first watch the video introduction and interview, download and read guidelines for student research on living composers, and then consult the letters, articles, essays and research documents sections on this site for background information. great effort has been taken to put as much information as possible on this site about the composer's life and work.

to contact walker music productions:
by email: music@gwynethwalker.com
by physical mail: 252 park street, new canaan, connecticut 06840-5712





copyright © 2000-23 gwyneth walker




