














new london divorce attorney | groton custody and child support lawyer























  










 
 


call now to schedule a consultation
local  (860) 440-2846
se habla  espanol


 
 








 

home
firm overview
attorney
practice areas
law info
contact



 
 
 

 



divorce
custody & visitation
post judgement modification
complex divorce
division of property




 
 

protecting your rights for over 35 years



 








experienced new london family law attorney 




divorce and its related issues cause a great deal of stress in people's lives. family law, by its nature, involves emotion just as much as it involves the law. that is why, if you are getting divorced, you should seek advice from an attorney who can provide the guidance you need so you can focus on moving ahead with your life.
protecting your rights · helping you make decisions
since 1984, new london county family law lawyer bruce chamberlain has helped thousands of clients in connecticut get through life's most trying times. his 30 years of experience allow him to provide accurate, informed advice that is grounded in reality. if you have children, know that he values their well-being more than any of the other issues that might arise.
the firm provides connecticut family law representation to men, women, mothers, fathers, same-sex couples, military families, grandparents and stepparents. please speak with our attorney to learn how you and your family can move forward.
handling all types of family law issues
as your lawyer, bruce will make sure you understand your options before you make decisions. in some cases, that means finding ways to help children through divorce and child custody. in others, it may be working through issues such as enforcement or modifications of child support. we can assist you with all of your family law needs, including:

divorce
high net worth divorce
custody and visitation
post-judgment modification
domestic partnerships
adoptions

mr. chamberlain treats every client with respect and dignity. he understands the difficulties you and your family face, and will do everything he can to see you through these challenges.
contact a waterford divorce lawyer
if you would like to speak with an attorney about any aspect of family law, call bruce a. chamberlain in new london at (860) 440-2846 or send him an email. we serve clients throughout connecticut.

 
 
 
 


 


need help? email us now to speak with an experienced attorney:


name *



e-mail *



phone *




brief description of your legal issue *




the use of the internet or this form for communication with the firm or any individual member of the firm does not establish an attorney-client relationship. confidential or time-sensitive information should not be sent through this form. 










what code is in the image? *

enter the characters shown in the image.




additional practice areas
prenuptial & postnuptial agreements
adoptions
personal injury



law info
7 faqs for couples facing "gray divorce"
reduction of child support for military members
probate court has absolute discretion over child's name change 
unmarried parents are obligated, by law, to contribute to the college education expenses of their children
divorce should not be delayed due to spouse immigration status
more



 


office location


 bruce a. chamberlain law office 
  400 bayonet street 
 new london, ct 06320  
 phone: (860) 440-2846 
  fax: 860-440-2853 
 map & directions 







 
 
 
 





 






 

 













 

 


local (860) 440-2846



 

 
 


 


representing clients in need throughout southeastern connecticut including new london, groton, mystic, stonington, waterford, montville, lyme, old lyme, ledyard and to members of all branches of the united states military.


 



© 2025 by bruce a. chamberlain law office. all rights reserved. disclaimer | site map | strategic legal web





 
 



 


home
firm overview
attorney
practice areas
law info
contact





 
 

 


