









home - motivation









































   











contact us



donate















about us

our team

trustees
senior management team
clinical, design and training team


our finances
our values
our strategy
our history


our work

our impact
safeguarding
our products

products portfolio
get a quote
our design principles


training
our projects

double discrimination: our work with disabled women




our why

making space for disability
stories
blogs
advice / resources


join us

work for us

employee promise
staff wellbeing
staff stories




support us

legacy giving
give

give – child’s wheelchair
give -adults wheelchair
give – inclusive sports training
give – wheelchair repairs
give – village savings loan
give – teacher training
give – peer-to-peer training
give – parent carer training
give – wheelchair measurement kit
give – nuts and bolts page


support promise
ways to give
partner promise














 
















hellowe are making space for disability. are you? join us.
what we do








welcome to motivation!we want the world to change. we want to create fully inclusive societies
our impact








thanks for dropping bywe are an international disability inclusion charity and social enterprise with a proud, thirty-year history
our story








welcome to motivation!we rely on your support to enable us to do our work. join us.
join us








give kindlygive to give is our brand-new initiative that allows you to mark your celebrations with one of our impactful gift cards. give kindly.  give meaningfully. find out more..
click here












access to assistive technology (at), such as wheelchairs, is a right not a privilege







products such as glasses, hearing aids or wheelchairs—known as assistive technology (at)—and the services that provide them are essential for healthy, productive, independent and dignified lives.

so much so, that they are a right enshrined in the united nations’ convention on the rights of persons with disabilities.
but in countries like kenya, india, malawi and uganda, less than 10% of people who are entitled to a wheelchair actually have one.
statistics like this drive the work we do at motivation.
we are an international development charity and social enterprise with a proud, thirty-year history of wheelchair and service provision.





products



training



fundraising



projects







explore our work

our goal is to see a world where every country provides easy access to appropriate assistive technology and services, and creates an inclusive society where people who experience disability have the respect, autonomy and equality they are entitled to.
this is the work we and our partners are doing to design, deliver, learn, share and inspire the changes needed.





kenya



india



malawi



uganda





our work is founded on the social model of disability and the united nation’s convention on the rights of persons with disabilities.









together we’re building a more accessible and inclusive world, delivering impact that cascades to families, communities and wider society.





impact



stories













how you can help?







donate
give once or aregular donation





work
become part of the team,work with us





partner
help achieve our goal,partner with us





training
let us help makea difference



 










contact us
motivationunit 2 sheene road,bedminster, bristolbs3 4eg
phone: +44 (0)117 9 660 398email: info@motivation.org.uk



quick links
homeabout usour workour whyjoin uscontact usdonateour latest annual report



policies
safeguardingprivacy policycookie policyraising concerns













copyright © 2023 motivation  |  registered charity: 1079358   company: 3916496
website design by all things social



followfollowfollowfollow



 


















skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset









