









stephen ministries




















































home
stephen leaders
stephen ministers
pastors
log in
create profile




home
stephen leaders
stephen ministers
youtube





(314) 428-2600



















equipping god’s people for ministry since 1975








youtube




donate


log in
create profile


















learn about stephen ministry

what is stephen ministry?
what is a stephen minister?
stephen ministry care receivers tell their stories
how to begin stephen ministry
stephen leadertraining course
request a free information packet


journeying through grief  books

about  journeying through grief
faqs
what readers are saying about these books
excerpts from the books
who gives the books
giver’s guide
to order


cancer— now what?

about  cancer—now what?
contents and excerpts
what readers are saying
faqs
who is giving the book?
giver’s guide
to order


the giftof empathy

about  the gift of empathy
what readers are saying
faqs
to order


more booksand courses

books

don’t sing songs to a heavy heart

christian caregiving—a way of life
caring assertiveness
antagonists in the church
leader killers
other books on effective caring and relating


courses

spiritual gifts discovery
caring evangelism
caring for inactive members
antagonists in the church




our store

browse our store
shipping information
store policies
customer service


careers with us

career opportunities
internship opportunities


learn about us

our mission and ministry
our history
kenneth c. haugk
support our mission
media newsroom
contact us






















stephen ministry in action
stephen ministry care receivers share their stories
since 1975, millions of people have benefited from the one-to-one, christ-centered care stephen ministers provide. here's what some of them have said.
more stories







what is a stephen minister?
a person trained to provide one-to-one, christ-centered care to hurting people
watch a short video in which stephen ministers describe how their congregation’s stephen ministry brings hope and healing to hurting people.
start here







the stephen leader training course
live, interactive, online training for stephen leaders
the stephen leader training course offers congregations an effective way to equip stephen leaders to begin and lead stephen ministry.
learn more







caring assertiveness
discover a better way of relating in stephen ministries’ new book
caring assertiveness provides readers with practical tools to better communicate and relate with confidence and care in all situations and relationships.
learn more







the gift of empathy
discover the power of empathy in stephen ministries’ award-winning book
the gift of empathy offers practical insights and powerful real-life stories for using empathy to better understand, connect with, and care for others.
learn more
















stephen leaders from enrolled congregations are equipped through the online stephen leader training course.

learn more about stephen leader training
how to get stephen ministry started
watch videos about the difference stephen ministry makes






a set of four short books to send to people at four crucial times during the difficult first year after losing a loved one.

learn more about journeying through grief
order journeying through grief
learn about other books from stephen ministries






stephen ministries’ books provide practical skills for excellent caring and relating.

caring assertiveness
the gift of empathy
cancer—now what?
don’t sing songs to a heavy heart
















contact us


					2045 innerbelt business center drive
					st. louis, missouri 63114
					phone: (314) 428-2600
					fax: (314) 428-7888
			



about us
stephen ministries is a not-for-profit christian education organization founded in 1975 
			that produces training and resources known for their excellence, practicality, psychological 
			integrity, and theological depth. these resources cover topics such as caring ministry, 
			assertive relating, spiritual gifts discovery, grief support, spiritual growth, and more.
congregations and other organizations use these resources to strengthen and expand ministry. 
			individuals use them to improve their ability to relate to and care for others, grow in faith, 
			and journey through life crises. our 30-person staff is based in st. louis, missouri.



quick links

what is stephen ministry?
care receivers tell their stories (videos)
how to begin stephen ministry in your church
the bridge leader’s training course
request information about stephen ministry
journeying through grief books
media newsroom





				copyright © 2013–2025 by stephen ministries. all rights reserved.
				









