



cause and effect




































            news            

            listen / buy music            

            merchandise            

            bio            

            live dates            

            press kit            











          thanks for the memories          



after much consideration, we have decided that it’s time to announce that rob rowe & keith milo will no longer be working together as cause and effect. we’re both extremely proud of the records we have made together and those we made collectively with sean rowley and rich shepherd. please visit the band’s facebook page to be kept up to date with with any solo projects. thank you to all who have listened and supported the band all these years. – rob & keith













          new videos – live in san francisco 2011          



we’ve added two brand new ‘live footage’ hd videos to the cause and effect youtube channel. big thanks to steffan schulz @strange media for putting these videos together from footage he filmed at the c+e show at the red devil lounge in san francisco. 10/13/11.
also, the poster from this show is now available for purchase.

buy poster


view videos














          ac3 “fading” preview now available          




summer has officially begun! a good reason to share a “mix-in-progress” preview of “fading,” a piano/acoustic ballad which will be included on the upcoming “artificial construct part three” to be released later this summer (along with some new live dates!).

listen














          new photo gallery: moscow, russia 2011          



we’ve created a new album on the c+e facebook page with some amazing photos from our recent performance in russia.

view photos














          new live date: moscow, russia          



‘synthetic snow festival’ – moscow, russia.
saturday december 3rd, 2011
pipl club venue website
also performing that night are:
deine lakaien (dark-wave, germany)
rabia sorda (electro-punk, mexico)
solar fake (synth-gothic, germany)
cold in may (dark-wave, belarus)
mechanical apfelsine (future-pop, russia)
dj maxx, dj extra, dj danger!













          red devil lounge photos          



on our facebook page, we’ve posted a few photos by steffan shulz / strange media from the san francsico show.

view photos














          ‘the happiness? ep’ now available          



the aa side single/ep feature remixes of both ‘artificial construct’ singles.  ‘happy?’ (ac1), and ‘happiness is alien’ (ac2), along with a brand new bonus track titled ‘buried.’ read full press release
￼￼

listen/buy now













          2011 interview on “one vortex beyond”          



thank you to kenny for a great interview. you can listen to his show friday nights 7-9 on www.kmhd2.org
 2011 interview with dj kenny by causeandeffectmusic 













          the happiness? ep – available september 20th          



the aa side single/ep will feature remixes of both ‘artificial construct’ singles.  ‘happy?’ (ac1), and ‘happiness is alien’ (ac2), along with a brand new bonus track titled ‘buried’
you will have to wait for a full track listing and more details but you won’t have to wait until september 20th to get a taste of the ep. we’ve uploaded jeff t’s remix of ‘happy?’ to our soundcloud page for your listening and sharing pleasure.

listen now













          october live dates          



thursday, october 13th, 2011
red devil lounge, san francisco, ca
+ dj set by black light odyssey
www.reddevillounge.com
21 years and over
tickets: $15 advance* / $18 at door
*this is a small venue so advance tickets are recommended
get tickets

tuesday, october 18, 2011
the fez ballroom, portland, or
details tba
www.fezballroom.com

friday, october 21, 2011
+ opening set by rhymes for ridley 
the prophet bar, dallas, tx
www.theprophetbar.com
tickets: $12 online / $15 at the show
get tickets

more dates to be announced soon!
check back or join the mailing list for news of all future appearances.











pages (2): 1 2 » 















 








subscribe to our rss
receive updates as soon as they are posted.


















      latest releases    
more releases






    music also available fromitunes & amazon.com





      photos    
















        archived posts      

february 2022
september 2012
june 2012
december 2011
october 2011
september 2011
august 2011
july 2011
march 2011
july 2010
june 2010

 
       
       
       
    


















        recent comments      

none found 





        recent posts      

thanks for the memorieslisten / buy musicmerchsample pagenew videos - live in san francisco 2011 







copyright © 2010 cause and effect / liquefaction
wordpress themes by (dt) |  site design and theme customization by 




