



world war ii - prisoners of war - stalag luft i
























 


world war ii - prisoners of war - stalag luft i 
a 
		collection of stories, photos, art and information on stalag luft i





















 

if you are a former prisoner of war or a next of 
kin of a pow, we invite you to sign and leave your email address so others that 
come may find you. please mention camp, compound, barracks and room numbers if 
possible.


 sign 
or view our guestbook 









visit our 
					online store
 





 


 










if you would like to
  help us keep this website online, please click on the above paypal link, 
		where you may make a monetary contribution to this site using your 
		credit card.  thank you.
 

 











click to send us e-mail



 
 
 





 


		 






    during world war ii approximately 8,939 allied 
airmen ( 7,588 american and 1,351 royal air force ) were imprisoned by the 
germans at stalag luft i in 
barth, germany.    
     
     all our lives we knew our father, 
dick williams, jr. of eufaula, alabama, had 
				been one of  those imprisoned at stalag luft i, but that 
				was all we knew, until we decided to apply for his  
prisoner of war medal
in september 1999. 








   
				he never spoke of his combat experiences in the skies of europe 
				during world war ii, and only rarely of his incarceration in a 
				german prisoner of war camp. 

				   
				our dad died suddenly 36 years ago (june 10, 1979), taking his memories with him.   as 
adults our minds were full of questions we could no longer ask.   we 
turned to the internet in search of our answers. 




				    we would like to share with you 
				what we have learned, as part of our ongoing research, on stalag 
				luft i and prisoners of war in world war ii germany.   
				what started out as a small 3 page tribute to our father has now grown to over 
				220 
pages.  we hope you will find something of interest to you.
 



 
    this website is in remembrance of our dad, 
				james richard (dick) williams, jr., 
    of eufaula, alabama. during world war ii, as a young man, he flew with 
    america's mighty 8th air force.  he enlisted in the army air corps and 
    was sent for training as an aerial gunner to drew field in tampa, florida 
    and langley afb in virginia.  in july 1944 he was assigned to the 398th 
    bomb group, 600th bomb squad stationed in nuthampstead, england as a waist 
    gunner on a b-17g.















          at this time the men were required to complete 30 
    missions before being allowed to return home.  but on november 26, 1944 
    ( his 29th mission ), his plans to return home in time for christmas came 
    literally to a crashing end.  while flying in the lead, radar equipped 
    (mickey) plane on a mission to misburg, germany, shortly after "bombs away", 
    the plane was hit by flak (anti-aircraft fire).
 
    the pilot left formation as he tried 
				desperately to get the plane under control and make his way back 
				to england. the crew began to jettison everything they could 
				find to lighten the load, but it became apparent that they would 
				not be back in their warm beds in england that night, but rather 
				would be a "guest" of adolf hitler's in germany.  the pilot 
				soon gave the "bail out" order and all ten parachuted and landed 
				quite close together near the town of detmold, germany.

 
    they were quickly rounded up by the local 
		townspeople and incarcerated.  after a brief glimpse of each other 
		in solitary confinement at dulag luft (the luftwaffe interrogation 
		center) a few days later, when the doors were opened for a second, dad 
		never saw or heard from them again.
  
click here to read the 
      german eyewitness accounts - received 57 years after the crash! 
 






if you would like to help us keep this 
		website online, please click on the above paypal link, where you may 
		make a monetary contribution to this site by using your credit card.  
		thank you.
		 


 
 




arrival 
		at stalag luft i by paul canin
 



dad's pow photo
 











visit our  
							amazon
							online store 

thank you supporting this site.





 











 









listed below is an overview of what you can find on each page of our site.  



 




  
the pow stories 
 -  
this page contains a collection of true short stories  written by  
pows detailing their experiences during world war ii, before and after their 
being shot down and imprisoned.   some will make you laugh and some 
will make you cry. 
in reading these you are struck by the 
incredible and horrific experiences of so many in the war and the common 
exhibition of tremendous personal valor. they are the stories of brave young men 
who defeated their fear and then defeated the cause of their fear.

  the photos  -
 this page has photos taken at stalag luft 
i during world war ii and photos from 
 heinrich haslob (aka "henry the butcher"), a 
german guard's personal photo album. they include photos of the tunnels the 
prisoners of war dug in escape attempts, the guards at stalag luft i, prisoners 
arriving at the train station, etc.  also the 
wilcox 
photos, after liberation ken wilcox took over the photo lab at stalag luft i 
and shares the photos he found there plus the ones that were taken after 
liberation.  stalag luft i group photos
 
- 60 group photo shots taken at stalag luft i.    

the pow roommates 
- a listing of the prisoners of war at stalag luft i by rooms in the camp.  note this 
is not a complete listing and we depend on your information to help complete 
this page.  
please let us know which compound, barracks and room you were held in.  we 
would like the names of any roommates that you can remember or have recorded in 
your ymca log book.  please 
send to us at stalagluftone@hotmail.com 
or inquire where to send by regular mail. click for 
south or west compound  - 
north 1 compound  -  
north 2 compound  -  
north 3 compound
   
the pow art -  
watercolor 
drawings, cartoons, sketches and carvings made by the prisoners of war at stalag luft 
i during world war ii. 

   
the poetry 
-  the poems found in the ymca wartime logs kept by the stalag luft i pows.  mostly 
original poetry but the author frequently unknown.  this page also contains 
a small comic book on roger wilco's adventure as a prisoner of war stalag luft i 
. 

the pow newspaper  - pow-wow (prisoners of war - waiting on winning) was the secretly 
printed camp newspaper at stalag luft i.   a single page newspaper (front and back) was 
printed daily and smuggled between barracks in a hollow wristwatch.  it 
stated it was to be read "silently, quickly and in groups of three".  
  


the pow interrogators  - photos and information on the famous german interrogators at 
dulag luft in oberursel (the german intelligence center) where  
captured allied airmen were sent for interrogation, before being sent to the 
transit camp at wetzlar and then on to a permanent (stalag) prison camp. 
  

the 
pow guards  - 
this page has photos and information on the 
german administration and guards at stalag luft i.  also included is a 
letter written by the camp commandant to his wife in 1944.

the russians
  
-  the russians liberated stalag luft i on may 1, 1945.  
vasily bezugly was one of those russians and this page contains some of his 
thoughts and remembrances of that period and a few photos of him and his 
comrades in the "great patriotic war" (world war ii). also we have a document from our national archives describing the address by the 
russian red army commander to the people of barth on may 9, 1945.
  
the pow evacuation  
- video, photos and stories of the 
8th air force's evacuation of the prisoners of war at stalag luft i on may 13 & 14, 1945 .  the 
tensions were building between russia and the allies and the fate of the pows 
was uncertain until the 8th air force flew into barth and rescued the pows in a 
massive airlift.    
 
 
the return  - reunion and conference held in barth on september 8, 2001.  
included is my report on the april 2000 return to barth of the former 
stalag luft i pows and concentration camp barth survivors 55 years after their 
liberation.  photos of the memorial site in barth.


 
 letters 
from home  -  
 the letters and  v-mail received 
by our father from his parents while in england, 
prior to his mia/pow status.  we feel these reflect the general anxiety 
felt by many parents facing similar situations with their loved ones flying 
missions over enemy territory.  
 
documents
- 
  
various documents associated with being a prisoner of war in world war ii 
germany.  scans of war department/military intelligence 
documents detailing the conditions at stalag luft i during the war. we also have 
the instructions given to the airmen on what to do in the event they are 
captured.   a copy of the prisoner of war bulletin published by the 
american red cross  around christmas 1944 for the families of the american 
prisoners of war.  an article citing the famous speech that col. spicer 
gave to his fellow pows that earned him a death sentence (fortunately the camp 
was liberated one day before the scheduled sentence was to be imposed!), titled 
"a speech worth dying for".  
the june 21, 1945 
daily newsletter of the u.s.s. admiral h.t. mayo - one of the liberty 
troopships carrying the pows back to america.
 
and other interesting items.
 
books & videos
 
- books written on stalag luft i 
and other world war ii pow camps.  also 
listed are several good videos on prisoners of war. 
 
 the kriegies - 
this is what the pows called themselves.  it is short for kriegesgefangenen 
which is the german word for prisoner of war.  here we have individual 
pages for some of the former pows or "kriegies".  the information varies on each 
page.  you never know what you will find on these pages. each one is a 
little gem - special and unique.   some contain photos of 
themselves, their crew, their families, their crashed plane, or the luftwaffe 
ace that shot them down. 

memorials - memorials to world war ii aircrews and 
former prisoners of war in the usa and in europe.



pow benefits 
-  important information for ex-prisoners of war and their next of kin about 
the veterans administration benefits for former pows or their widows. almost 2/3 
of the surviving ex-pows are unaware of and are not receiving these benefits.  
visit this page to learn how to obtain the services of an american ex-pow 
national service officer to help you file for your benefits! the pow monthly 
amount is $2,527.00 (tax free) for someone rated 100%.  

mother (as the widow of an ex-pow) is 
receiving a monthly tax-free check of $911.00, as well as other va benefits.

pow medal 
- america's prisoner of 
war medal approved by congress in 1985.  includes an application you can 
print from your computer.  this medal can be awarded posthumously.
  

research
 - suggestions 
and tips for doing research on world war ii prisoners of war.  

 
allison's thoughts 
  
-  
a speech written by stalag luft i ex-pow dick williams, jr.'s 
granddaughter, allison,  to her generation about the grandfather she never 
knew and the gift he and his fellow pows gave to us by losing their freedom in 
order to secure ours.     
 
 
links & rings -  
links to the american and british 
ex-pow sites, other stalag luft and pow sites, 8th air force sites, a link to 
help you in your search for your dad or loved one's world war ii history.   

guestbook
- sign our 
guestbook or view our old guestbook entries left by former pows and their 
families. 


what's new -
 a listing of the new items added 
to our website.  
hopefully it will 
help you locate changes and additions since your last visit.   
 




a request for financial assistance 
to fund an exhibit in barth.





 
    listing of the prisoners of war at stalag luft i

this listing contains the names of 7,245 of the 8,939 pows held at 
    stalag luft i when it was liberated in may 1945.  


click on the first letter of the last name





a


b


c


d


e


f


g


h


i


j


k


l




m




n


o


p


q


r


s


t


u


v


w

				x


y


z










		 



attention - veterans:

please consider saving your oral history, memoirs, diary, 
    and/or letters home.   by leaving your oral history you will have 
    done your country another good deed.   you will serve future generations as 
    they strive to understand their world. 
click here for some excellent advice on how to start preserving your history.









 




					note: articles, diaries, pictures, stories, tables and other 
					information have been placed on the stalag luft i online web 
					site to share history with a wider audience. you may view, 
					download, print, copy and link to our content as you wish as 
					long as the uses are personal or educational. 



if you have anything you wish to 
    contribute to our site see our 
	contribution guidelines. 

 top of this page               
next page
 


















enter your search terms

submit search form
 


 






web



stalag luft i online

















this site created and maintained by
mary smith and barbara freer, 
daughters of dick williams, jr.


