















oklahoma climatological survey






















ou homepage
search ou
the university of oklahoma





skip navigation
oklahoma climatological survey


































 










the oklahoma climatological survey (ocs) was created by the university of oklahoma in 1980 to provide climate services to the people of oklahoma. in 1982, ocs was established as a state entity under oklahoma law (74 o.s. section 245). the survey maintains an extensive array of climatological information, operates the oklahoma mesonet, and hosts a wide variety of educational outreach and scientific research projects.




















oklahoma mesonet





the oklahoma mesonet is a world-class network of environmental monitoring stations. a joint project with oklahoma state university, the mesonet consists of over 100 stations — at least one in each of oklahoma’s 77 counties — reporting quality-assured data every five minutes.

















southern climate impacts planning program





a partnership with louisiana state university, the southern climate impacts planning program (scipp) assists organizations with decision making that builds resilience by collaboratively producing research, tools, and knowledge that reduce weather and climate risks and impacts across the south-central united states.



 









weather and climate resources





real-time weather


go to the oklahoma mesonet website for real-time weather information.




  visit mesonet.org









past data


visit mesonet.org’s past data section for interactive tools and data requests.




  browse past data









climate hazards and planning


check out scipp's resources for climate hazards and planning.




  scipp resources









climate information


read about oklahoma’s climate, view state records, and more.




  view climate resources





  


















 oklahoma climatological survey 

          120 david l. boren blvd., suite 2900
norman, ok 73072
        







accessibility
sustainability
hipaa
ou job search
policies
legal notices
copyright
resources and offices
ou report it!

        updated 7/23/2024 by oklahoma climatological survey: ocs@ou.edu











































