


the lost experience clues































	 
	 the lost experience time capsule...
	 
    

posted at 10/04/2006 05:38:00 pm



welcome!  we wanted all our visitors to know that we've abandoned this blog as a "time capsule" or a tribute to the lost experience.  many readers and commenters developed a sense of community through the experience and we wanted to help this wonderful aspect of the game continue on past the summer.  to facilitate the proliferation of the lost community, we've created a new blog dedicated exclusively to episode by episode discussions of season 3 of lost.  click here to visit the lost community.  everyone is welcome to join us!



41 comments










	 the lost experience podcast finale part 3
	 


posted at 9/28/2006 11:23:00 am



a few of our faithful commenters have compiled a list of some of the most memorable moments from our time spent on this blog over the summer.  this compilation is a real keepsake for anyone familiar with tlec (right-click, save-as to download).  in addition to saving these memorable moments, you'll want to click here for part 3 of our podcast finale (timmy's mirror here) to hear twinkle, maven, fastenyourseatbelts, and ryandrumz talk to david & william about 8 random memories from each month of the experience.finally, if you've ever wondered what it's like "behind the scenes" of a lost experience podcast, check out this video of david & william...



218 comments









	 
	 the lost experience podcast finale parts 1 & 2
	 
    

posted at 9/28/2006 07:20:00 am



podcast finale part 1: we did it!!! we stuck together all the way through the ups and downs of the lost experience. to celebrate, we put together a video that we think sums up some of the best parts of the lost experience.podcast finale part 2: click here to subsribe to our podcast in itunes. (we've been having problems with itunes/blogger/our feed and are working to fix it). click here (or right-click, save-as) to listen online or directly download the first audio portion of the podcast. timmy has provided yet another mirror here. keep your ears open for special guests and fun surprises! plus, get ready because there is more podcast finale on the way!also, here's the final comment count for anyone who's interested!



91 comments









	 
	 post experience fun
	 
    

posted at 9/27/2006 10:45:00 am



dj dan, speaker, and ninja are all busy revealing their true identities and answering some of the most pressing questions about the lost experience.  click here to read a conversation between speaker & ninja.  click here and here to interact with dj dan on a whole new level!



135 comments









	 
	 clue #145 - thehansofoundation.org update
	 
    

posted at 9/26/2006 06:45:00 am



there has been an update to thehansofoundation.org.  alvar hanso has written a letter about the restoration of the foundation.  but that's not all...click the word "humanity" at the end of the third paragraph for a creepy message from mittlewerk.thanks to makomk, jetamo, djp3dro, and superdifey for emailing us about this update.



172 comments









	 
	 clue #144 - rachel blake's finale
	 
    

posted at 9/25/2006 12:47:00 am



we've got rachel blake's final video up in youtube and we've cut out all the orientation & mittlewerk parts that most of us have already seen a hundred times.  this video was originally posted on abc.com and we were instructed to go there by rachel blake at the end of dj dan's live broadcast (see clue #143).  enjoy...and stick around for our final podcast summing up the lost experience.  :)



198 comments









	 
	 clue #143 - dj dan:  song free broadcast audio
	 
    

posted at 9/24/2006 11:06:00 pm



click here to enjoy the audio of dj dan's final broadcast.  we've edited out the song interruptions for your listening pleasure!thanks to totengraber, randy, & critchton007 for being the first to quickly email us audio recordings of the broadcast!



118 comments









	 
	 clue #143 - dj dan's 2nd live broadcast
	 
    

posted at 9/24/2006 08:31:00 pm



this thread is up so commenters can dialogue while listening to dj dan's final podcast.  to listen live visit the radio harvest website.  also check out dj dan's website for more background information.



250 comments









posted at 9/22/2006 11:20:00 am



that's right. we're wrapping up our role in the lost experience with one last podcast. we've got a lot of fun things planned to try to sum things up but we can't do it without your help. we'll be doing a segment called "i just wanna say..." where lost experience players will have the chance to speak their minds about anything and everything tle related. since it would be next to impossible to coordinate multiple phone conversations, we ask that you email us 60 seconds or less of your voice in mp3 format by next wednesday at noon (u.s. central timezone). start your audio with "my name is...and i just wanna say..." look for the podcast coming up next thursday!



245 comments









	 
	 clue #142 - letyourcompassguideyou.com update
	 
    

posted at 9/21/2006 12:36:00 pm



the letyourcompassguideyou.com site has been updated!  go there and you'll see a rather strange card with a snowman on the beach, as well as a message that the site has been removed.  if you click on the word "remove", however, you'll be taken to this video in youtube.  also, if you "ctrl a" the page, you'll see the following link at the bottom: 13/9/19/19/9/14/7/15/18/7/1/14/19it takes you to the index of /usr where you can finally find the missing_organs.zip in the trash folder. the title of the document inside the zip file is "evidence of the hanso foundation's crimes".  also, you'll find that there are some new entries in the openershep.log file regarding william t. kilpatrick (wtk).thank you to makomk, gavin, scott, wendy, and dennis for emailing us on this!



187 comments









posted at 9/20/2006 04:40:00 pm







200 comments









	 
	 clue #141 - retrievers of truth update?
	 
    

posted at 9/19/2006 12:50:00 pm



the retrievers of truth have a new thread on their message board (password "steinbeck").  it is dated september 13th but apparently just appeared today.  please correct us if we're wrong.  thanks to makomk for the email. while it's completely unrelated to the lost experience, we wanted to wish everyone a very happy "talk like a pirate day" on this wonderful september 19th, 2006.  :)



201 comments









	 
	 clue #140 - whereisalvar.com update/rachel blake & dj dan info
	 
    

posted at 9/18/2006 08:37:00 am



everyone that registered on whereisalvar.com received the following email today from rachel:  "okay, everybody. this is it. you've found over 1000 apollo bars. i know now that the whole world is watching...go to www.whereisalvar.com."  when you visit whereisalvar.com, you see a message from rachel telling us to make sure we are part of dj dan's podcast on september 24th at 8 pm pst.  dj dan has also updated his podcast page, hinting that rachel blake will be a special guest.thanks to allyson, donn, twinkle, howard, jetamo, makomk, chelsea, joanne, and ambientblu for emailing us about  this update!



223 comments









	 
	 lag alleviation & dj dan update (again)
	 
    

posted at 9/15/2006 12:23:00 pm



looks like dj dan has changed the  podcast  time once again. this time to sunday the 24th at 8 pm pst. abc has also updated their website with this latest info along with a link to radioharvest.thanks to makomk, keith, dr. spongebob & dennis for emailing us about this.



176 comments









	 
	 clue #139 - rachelblake.com, stophanso.rachelblake.com, & whereisalvar.com updates
	 
    

posted at 9/14/2006 07:02:00 am



there is a new post on rachelblake.com.  converting the binary to text gives hex, which then converts to what appears to be a reply to rachel from malik saying, "r -- i respect your caution. suppose it's warranted, after all you've come through. i can't remember it exactly, but i think when we were in the stairwell in paris, you muted the mic as i said "because he wanted me to help you, and i can't question a man who would launch the mental health appeal... to save a loved one." say what you will about him now, his heart was once in the right place."there is also a new post on stophanso.rachelblake.com. the octal decodes to "iiy'ncmn" which can be rearranged to read "i'm in nyc."rachel has posted another encrypted message at whereisalvar.com.  see the picture posted by user "rachel@whereisalvar.com". because of all the excellent decoding/encoding work in the comments, the message has been translated to say, "you lived in 3 different apartments. be waiting outside your second at 7:45 pm. i'm sending a car. hope you remember the brand of iron you hit me with, because that's the code."thanks to makomk, vashti87, donn, kenneth, main, mark, and bassclef42 for emailing us this information.



320 comments









	 
	 clue #138 - hansoexposed.com update
	 
    

posted at 9/13/2006 11:37:00 am



if you log in to hansoexposed.com, you'll see a blinking star next to the "send sequence" button.  press the "star button" to listen to 4 minutes, 13 seconds of morse code.  according to peaceandnamaste and mamomk in our comments, translating this gives us us "m--i wish it were that simple. fact is, as much as i want to, i still can't trust you. i want to believe you are the man who helped me in paris but "de zylva's" name was not unknown. you could be mittlewerk himself, springing a trap under my feet.  i need confirmation it's you.  i need you to tell me something only you could know."thanks to makomk, maven, ryandrumz, and peaceandnamaste for emailing us about this clue.



119 comments









	 
	 clue #137 - dj dan update & thehansofoundation.org update
	 
    

posted at 9/12/2006 12:04:00 pm



everyone take note that dj dan's next live broadcast has been changed from the morning of the 23rd to the morning of the 22nd. head over to his podcast page for full details!thanks to tresbien, fastenyourseatbelts, ryandrumz, and wickedm for emailing us about this important change.thehansofoundation.org updatedixee noticed on the arg monitor that the hanso foundation website was updated today. go to that site and move your mouse to the area just under the link to mittlewerk's video and you'll see your cursor change. click and press control-a to select all the text. you will see "pdeo eo jkp ukqn bwqhp. wo ukq kjya odkqpaz wp pda pkl kb ukqn hqjco, sa'ra whh ckp 'xhkkz kj kqn dwjzo.' e fqop dkla iu bneajz eo naopejc awou."copy and paste it into this translator. set the "length of codewords to try" to 2 and click on "analyze ciphertext". the resulting text will be "this is not your fault. as you once shouted at the top of your lungs, we've all got 'blood on our hands.' i just hope my friend is resting easy. where are you? i'll need you to meet me in norway." it appears we have a reply to rachel from malik.thanks to dixee, twinkle, james, chas, and dennis for emailing us about this latest message.



229 comments









	 
	 clue #136 - other girl special
	 
    

posted at 9/11/2006 06:57:00 am



the other girl posted with a message about a cryptic email she recieved filled with numbers.  decode the numbers (using this website) and you'll find that it's rachel's quick reply to malik.  her message answers some important questions we've been asking.  she says..."i knew you were behind that.  i just knew.  he never told me, you know?when i hit the ground i was sure i was dead. the camera was broken, they were dragging me to my feet... and then a burst of gunfire in the air. these were scientists, unarmed. they hit the ground. but not mittelwerk. he kept coming until de zylva turned the shots in his direction. once mittelwerk was face down on the ground, de zylva grabbed my hand and we were gone. with the camera.he didn't talk. he said he was de zylva, that was it. we knew mittelwerk was already in pursuit, but we stuck to tunnels that had been dug out during various wartimes. we had some close calls. the goal was the american embassy in colombo, but when we got there, we knew that was impossible. it was being watched -- the airport, too. de zylva said the hanso foundation had too much influence in colombo to take the risk. and, then, they caught wind of us again. we knew we could be caught at any second, and the only important thing was that video. evidence of mittelwerk's world-wide decimation plot. i'd planned for this. all i needed was a secure, high-speed connection. the hanso goons knew it too. they surrounded the place while i was uploading. we barricaded ourselves, de zylva knew an escape route. i barely got out, made my way to a friend of de zylva's who could get me to india. i swear, i waited for de zylva. but he never came. i'm so sorry."thanks to jonnygasman & matt the pale for emailing us about this clue!



220 comments









	 
	 clue #135 - ninja special
	 
    

posted at 9/10/2006 09:34:00 pm



looks like malik has replied to rachel by sending a message to/through ninja.  his latest post contains this image which has been translated (see comments at the end of the previous post) to say, "r -- i think it's fair to say, whatever conscience i have was built on faulty equipment. this is a matter of duty. loyalty... speaking of which, i've been troubled by the very recent disappearance of an old friend, de zylva. we all saw your sri lanka video. you were captured at the end, and yet, there you were, blasting those lost producers in san diego not a week later. and, i have to wonder... did de zylva have something to do with that? do you know what's become of him?"thanks to lost librarian & gina for emailing us first.  plus, shoutout to dante b/c we heard that he was one of the first to decode the message!



73 comments









	 
	 clue #134 - speaker special
	 
    

posted at 9/09/2006 03:44:00 pm



speaker at inside the experience, just posted the pic above (he had the image flipped).  the filename is "ironman_1".  could this be a message from rachel to "iron man" malik? the hex converted to ascii is:  "rewsna ym wonk ydaerla uoy neht era uoy kniht i ohw tuoba gniklat eruoy fi nadjd ot ni llac uoy draeh ti si thgif eht ni uoy gnipeek si ecneicsnoc --m"  if you read this backwords it says: "m--conscience is keeping you in the fight is it? heard you call in to dj dan. if you're talking about who i think you are then you already know my answer."thanks to gerry, twinkle, dennis, and peaceandnamaste for emailing us about this cool new clue!



135 comments










email us clues

thelostexperienceclues@gmail.com
got a clue?  let's work together!  we'll compile all legitimate clues here.  please be specific in your email's subject line.  this will help us sort & prioritize. we are committed to keeping this thorough and yet simple and always aimed at the truth.

links

the lost community
stories of the lost
tlec research blog
tlec chat room
tlec message board
tlec myspace
tlec frappr
subscribe to this blog / rss
old hanso site
the lost experience timeline

archives

may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006


speaker's weekly summaries

week one round up
week two round up
week three round up
week four round up
week five round up
week six round up
week seven round up
week eight round up
week nine round up
week ten round up
week eleven round up
week twelve round up
week thirteen round up
week fourteen round up
week fifteen round up
week sixteen round up
week seventeen round up

the podcast is here...





behind the art
i (david) just realized something really stupid that i did a long time ago.  when i started this blog, i used what i believed to be the "official" tle logo as a part of our banner and our podcast graphic.  i was ignorant of the fact that tle.com was a fan site and didn't even think about asking permission for or giving credit for the art.  i just came to my senses and did some research.  i wanted to finally give credit to "docarzt" and thelostexperience.com for the artwork.  i also wanted to let everyone know that they are graciously allowing us to continue using it on our site.  thanks a ton guys!


about thelostexperienceclues
 click here to read the initial press release describing "the lost experience".  this blog is devoted exclusively to "the lost experience".  if you're new to the game, our advice is to start at the bottom with clue #1 and work your way up.  you see, a few of us lost fans have banded together hoping to keep track of all the clues, but we know that we can't do it alone.  this game will require a global forum in order to discern the truth.  hopefully this site can be a common rendezvous point where all lost fans can find what they're looking for (and also contribute information) when it comes to the latest intel about abcs unprecedented interactive challenge (without getting lost in the clutter of the message boards).  we are counting on you, the faithful lost fans around the world, to keep us up to date with the latest clues via email.  happy clue hunting!










 




 


