













senior living community in concord nc - taylor glen















































































home
about
lifestyle
floor plans
healthcare
dementia care
gallery
news
careers
contact us
 


select page


  
 



 



 










live
your best life
with us.












you asked, we listened
we are expanding!
taylor glen life plan community continues to meet the needs of our residents by evolving. we are excited to announce, we will also be adding 33 cottage homes to our living options as well as one new villa apartment building with modern finishes and more open spaces.
learn more







senior living in
concord, nc
taylor glen is a flourishing life plan community owned and operated by thrivemore, a not-for-profit organization committed to providing quality care and a meaningful way of life for residents and staff since 1951. located on 100 acres of rolling hills in the delightful city of concord, this community is a place where residents and staff become an extension of family that recognizes the dignity and worth of each individual. as part of a strong 70-year legacy to enrich senior living in north carolina with a first-rate level of service, dignity, and kindness, we invite you to discover why taylor glen is one of the best retirement communities in north carolina!
schedule a tour











the right level of care to
live your best life
from an active adult lifestyle for independent seniors to a specialized memory care program to help those with alzheimer’s or other forms of dementia have a meaningful life, taylor glen offers a personalized continuum of care to fit you or your loved one’s needs.








independent living






assisted living






memory care






short-term rehab






skilled nursing care












what our
residents are saying


"my wife and i moved into taylor glen in early 2007 after visiting here once. we had looked at other like facilities but found this one to offer a pleasant surrounding and size that agreed with our needs and expectations. we enjoyed the living areas and more important, the caring of the staff at all levels. my wife developed cancer after the first two years and for the next almost seven years received exceptional care. i have worked with all levels of management and all of them have been most caring for our wellbeing. not only did we receive exceptional care, but my brother and his wife entered the facility in winston-salem and have had a like experience there. i would and have without reservation recommend this facility to anyone for a place to spend their years after their working years were completed. the care and social surrounds and facilities and the staff at all levels are superb."
neill cameron“i have been a resident at taylor glen for five years. on my first visit, i was awed as i entered the gate at the beauty of the trees, grassy fields, and the quietness. at the end of the drive as i rounded a slight curve, i saw a large building spread across the land that included all the areas of care.
all the staff personnel and residents have been friendly and helpful. they call me by name and are concerned about me. independent living gives me opportunity to participate in a variety of activities: fitness, exercise, outings to a variety of plays and entertainment. i can visit the exercise room, swimming pool, the card room, library, or take a walk outside. if i want some quiet time, i can go to my apartment and rest. i get a calendar of activates each month to choose what i would like to do. since i have no children, i decided i needed to find a place that would take care of my needs. i feel that here at taylor glen. when i need extra healthcare, the facility is here for me."
joyce n.“when we first heard of taylor glen in 2013, we pulled up its website and were bowled over with the beauty of the property and of the slide showing a bible with a finger pointing to psalm 50:15 (“call on me in the day of trouble, i will deliver thee and thou shall glorify me). this scripture is the biblical foundation that taylor glen is built on. in the seven years we have lived here, we have received tenderloving care by the staff, healthcare providers, housekeepers and food service workers. we are so happy that we came to taylor glen. this truly is our happy place.”
dr. luke and mary jarvis







amenities designed for
meaningful living
from an exquisite meal in our formal dining room or a fun game on the croquet court to looking your best with our on-site salon, you’ll love calling us home. explore the serene walking and biking paths, take a dip in our heated indoor pool, and make sure to stop by the stocked pond for a quick catch. wake up every morning to daily newspaper delivery, then kick back and enjoy some peaceful afternoon reading in our library. stop by our on-site beauty and barber shop to look your best before heading out on our scheduled transportation services to local shopping areas, churches, and recreational activities.
from a creative arts room and card and billiards area, to a post office, putting green, and individual garden plots, the amenities offered at taylor glen are an opportunity to experience an engaging lifestyle with maintenance-free living — all within a unique community offering an exceptional full continuum of care designed to accommodate seniors at every stage of their lives. 




utilities and cable
























medication delivery






beauty shoppaved walking pathactivity director























housekeepingconcierge servicespet friendly













discover our
premier life plan community
interested in learning more about taylor glen retirement community and the services we offer? please fill out the form and a member of our team will contact you shortly.




first name*last name*email*

phonefor whom are you inquiring?for whom are you inquiring?selfrelativefriendinterested inwhat are you interested in?independent livingassisted livingmemory careskilled nursing careshort-term rehabmessagecaptchaphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 















 





click here to support the baptist retirement homes foundation






3700 taylor glen laneconcord, nc 28027(704) 788-6510agarrettdiaz@thrivemorenc.org 



home
about
lifestyle
floor plans
healthcare
gallery
news
careers
contact us
 
 



privacy policy


terms of use

 

 
 
 




















