



houston clown, houston face-painters, theme party characters, houston magicians and balloon animal twisters!(832)465-2276











houston clowns, 
    
    
    
    houston face-painters, houston theme party characters, and balloon animal twisters too!
    special events and party planning
    we represent the 
    
    best houston entertainers available
we are kid party experts
serving houston for over 25 years
 
 
 
 
832-465-2276
call today
 
face painters    clowns     balloon animal twisters     theme party characters
 
elmo, spiderman, dora the explorer, winnie the pooh, tigger, mickey, spongebob and santa

 
           
menu
 
home
 
 
contact 
    
    
    
    info
 
 
theme party characters
 
 
clown party
 
 
photo 
    
    
    
    gallery
 
 
 elmo, spiderman, dora the explorer, winnie the pooh, tigger, mickey and spongebob




 


 joelerubert@gmail.com




 

like us on facebook

 you want the 
  
  
  
  best    houston clown    available 
  
  
  
  and the best children's entertainer for your child's party. whether you 
  
  
  
  need a face painter,    clown,     theme party character (i.e. cartoon look-a-like), or all around clown      entertainer then your searching is done. you now can have an award 
  
  
  
  winning children's    party entertainer, balloon twister (animal balloons), comedy magician 
  
  
  
  entertainer/clown at your child's special    birthday party event. you can have a    clown that combines all forms of    entertainment   including: 
  
  
  
  comedy magic, juggling, face painting, balloon twisting and puppetry.   this is 
  
  
  
  where you can find all that and more.  
  we provide only the best kids entertainers that houston has to offer and 
  
  
  
  have had over 25  years of experience booking children's birthday 
  
  
  
  parties with    clowns, 
  
  
  
  face-painters, balloon twisters, cartoon characters, and magicians. our 
  
  
  
  client base is large and varied. our clowns and entertainers will travel 
  
  
  
  throughout the houston metropolis area and neighboring communities.
   


