southside art league     skip to content

 homeclassesgallerynewspalette patter newsletteraboutmembershipabout uscontacts
homeclassesgallerynewspalette patter newsletteraboutmembershipabout uscontactshomeclassesgallerymembershipabout salipalette patter newslettercontacts
homeclassesgallerymembershipabout salipalette patter newslettercontacts


become a member

welcome tothe southside art leagueart gallery    •    art classes    •   workshopsthe off broadway gallerycurrent exhibitions"wild things"paintings by sali membersjanuary - march, 2025

featured artistkrista swisherfebruary 2025krista will be exhibiting a wide variety of abstract paintings.come and meet the artist during the sali open house on friday, february 7, 2025 from 6:00 – 8:00 pmvisit the gallery during regular hours, wednesday – saturday from 11:00 am – 3:00 pm. 

luke buck demonstrationtuesday, february 11th from 1:00 - 4:00 pmthis free event is for sali members onlythe demo will show how to use both watercolor and gouache in the same painting.there is a limit of 20 attendees. if you are interested, you must register with ellen tuttle at ellen.tuttle@att.net hamilton creek road



cousins by becky campbell - 2024 best of show33rd annual competitive membership showat the greenwood public librarymay 9 – may 31, 2025registration and drop-off is saturday, may 3, 2025. more iinformation will be coming soon.

kid's fall canvas party at salion friday, november 8th, alyssa overton hosted a kid’s canvas party. there was a great turnout and the kids had a blast. 




sali at wammfeston saturday, august 17th several sali members participated in the wammfest summer festival in greenwood. among other things they had a large canvas where people could add their artistic touch to an evolving painting. lots of people participated, especially the kids, some coming back more than once. click on the link below to see the beautiful masterpiece they created.see full image here


the southside art league is proud to be an indiana arts commission arts recovery grant recipient.
this program is supported by american rescue plan act funds provided by the national endowment for the arts, with additional support provided by arts midwest. thank you to our congressional leaders for their support and recognition of the value that the creative sector provides to the economic and social health of our state and nation.the southside  art leaguewe believe that art enriches life. therefore, our mission is to encourage artists in their work and to promote appreciation of art in the community.located at299 e broadwaygreenwood, in 46143317-882-5562gallery hourswednesday – saturday11am – 3pm

 
                   




