







distribution data - home











distribution dataincorporated





services
unique
company
clients
electronic data
software web applications
savings





freight payment
logistics management
brokerage
international
bill of lading
accrual management
audit - pre/post
programming
services brochure



history
leadership
location


support
stories



rating
routing
reporting
inquiry
accounts receivable

 









distribution data incorporated - home



welcome to distribution data incorporated!  we appreciate your interest in our organization.






ddi was established in 1985 with a single goal:



provide the finest freight bill payment processing services and more





over the past 30+ years, we have grown into a "one-stop shopping" transportation management and

logistics company.  in addition to an exceptional freight bill processing service we have expanded to focus on the following objectives:





					save our clients money through innovative logistics programs



					develop industry software that is useful and cost justified



					provide transportation consulting services that reduce costs





ddi concentrates on providing value and saving money for our clients: plain and simple.  if a service doesn't add client value and/or reduce client costs, we don't recommend it.  if you are truly looking for quality services and products, designed to add value to your organization and save money, then let's talk. we encourage you to take our 2-hour challenge 
and see how much you can save by using ddi. please call us at 1-216-362-3030 or 
click 
here.





need to reduce your accounts receivable?




our roi assist program reduces customer payment cycles and increases cash flow.

contact us at 216-362-3030 or csreps@ddiservices.com










site navigation

home
contact ddi
services
unique
company
clients
electronic data
software web applications
savings



other resources

bill of lading software
ddi clients login
ddi freight bill inquiry
career opportunities



shipment quote form










to view pdf documents, you need acrobat reader or you can enable an online viewer.
©2008-2017 distribution data incorporated contact us 





