







the paper lady












































handmade paper


special projects


education


about katy


contact


archives





menu


the paper lady






handmade paper


special projects


education


about katy


contact


archives














handmade paper maps
maps have always been important to me. aaa maps to preview our family trips, hours along the hi-ways passed pleasantly following along from the back seat as a child, measuring distances, reading town names and information. this joy as well as a pretty good sense of direction well beyond the limited view of the tiny screen digital maps. here are a few “artist renditions” of handmade paper maps - not for navigation.see more in education for the process of student-created handmade paper maps.






crumpled paper watersheds
3x5” each, a simple demonstration






handmade paper map of pa
wasp paper topography, 24x36” 2019






handmade paper map
pittsburgh’s watershed 36x36” 2019






wall of maps 
water walks workshop with cmu. participants explored their relationship with water,  learned about pittsburgh watersheds whilst creating handmade papers at construction junction 2019.






digital sandbox
water walkswww.civicmapper.com






allison park elementary school
illustrated pennsylvania map, 4x8’ 2019






dassa mckenny elementary school
illustrated and embellished with wood, pennsylvania map, 4x8’ 2019






tools and toys
new friends from the rust belt.misunderstood series = toys with tools all skinned with wasp nest papers - accomplices with small wasp nest lamps.






 rusty tools handmade papers 
some kinetic features,  toys and "mexican lotteria" name tags  


































































a view with klee
handmade paper skins this old camera – look closely there is a 35 mm slide in side with art history image of paul klee’s ship sculpture 2018






jed clampit
on a repurposed cut book. ok yes it’s “punny”






fly girl
she’s got wings wheels and a piano hammer for a head. skinned with flax papers.






tools with teeth






tools with teeth
one small wrench on a cut-up book 2019






clippy clap
interactive, fun, still sharp 2018






small collection
tools and toys and a repurposed book 






bottle head






holiday bottle head






bottle heads
after not using the 11” fashion doll heads for years (i had a creepy basket full of heads) finally,  found a solution that made me smile! 2019






measure up
folded 2019






measure up
extended 2019






interface
2019






frackwater friend
a life-sized articulated skeleton puppet with rusty metal, skinned with handmade paper tainted by iron oxide, a byproduct of fracking. 2016






frackwater friend
head detail






not a toy
from the exhibit sign of the times 2019






screwed and walked away
a series or grouping of strong women 






pedicure
my first bobble head






misunderstood
paper wasps are the mascot of paper makers. all the works in misunderstood are skinned with real wasp papers. the handmade papers i added are made from the same materials that the wasp collects so the blending is seamless. wasps are fascinating to watch (from a safe distance) and excellent pollinators. i can spot a winter nest in the forest at 70 miles an hour and see less every year. note: do not collect wasp nests in the summer! several of these works were the first exhibit at the frick environmental center. 2016-19so often i find that my work is influences by the cohort of the black mountian school in nc. 






misunderstood #1






mr. understood (drone)






miss understood wasp nest light #4






wasp nest vest
wasp nest sewing patterns and poke weed 2016






miss understood #4






miss able 
2017






air equestrian
a kinetic flying horse skinned with wasp next papers 






built to destroy
another wasp nest character with very sharp found blade (thanks alphi) and 35mm slide of a buckminster fuller, sculpture inside with a tiny light.






my rol'e
kinetic elements crop up and say play with me! 






encaustics and paper quilts
i really do not enjoy painting – it is so flat! but all that is different with encaustics (that’s painting with wax) i have made a few discoveries about encaustics: crayons are a great source of bulk materials, waldorf crayons are best, you can make your own paints by adding natural pigments, spices, and crushed soils, do not hang these in direct heat or sunlight, do not overheat the wax, when wax gets cold it creates an oxidation called “spurl” this just polishes off with a soft cloth. beware of wax moths, generally a southern thing but with climate change … yeaks! i use a whole lot of bee’s wax- i get it from my bee keeper and candle making pals, who cares it there is an occasional wing or leg…   






ephererial layers
hand made paper cast over the texture of a real old quilt  then driven over with my truck, ( at the time a 1961 international scout, i loved that car) once dry the quilt is removed then  machine and hand stitched,  painted with watercolor  and encaustics  then stretched over a frame and dipped in bees wax . this is how the majority of these works were created 






 natural history  (detail)






natural history






flannely






 summer of 53' 
 all that and the addtion of vintage photos






 double wedding ring quilt
 purchased by agnes scott university for the city of decatur ga. 












 double wedding ring quilt , ( detail)










































assorted small bird box quilts
























mocking me
encaustic on hand made papers with natural pigments, 36x48” 2019






your parents pick nick
featured in crafting conversations, iapma and uppagus 2019 






your parents pick nick 
details






from blue to white
encaustic on hand made papers with rust belt f.o. 30x40” 2019 






king of the mon
encaustic on hand made papers with rust belt f.o. 30x40” 2019






swissvale library
exhibit handmade paper quilts held over for 4 months!  september 2019-january 2020 , pictured here above the adult fiction: natural history 1&2 and security blanket 1&2 






crafting conversations
iapma international association of hand papermaking artist 






growable  gallery
literally mashing up my two favorite things gardening and making paper! utilizing my yarden to grow food and also art supplies was a natural progression for this lifelong work/obsession.  any time procrastination, i mean meditation needs to happen you will find me in the “yarden”.  


















meet mr green
2019 a very large “chia guy” you might say! his début was at pittsburgh art all nite 






mr green comes home
and continues to in the sunny window (and to freak out the neighbors)






valleys and crotches
are moist healthy places for growing things 






diversity and surprising
collection of gathered seeds kept on growing for months till i went out of town and it all dried out






yarden
can you say distraction? i would rather be touching soil than just about anything! growing food is the bonus, that is why i have a tomato tattoo.






kozo char
during a recent adventure to the morgan conservatory in cleveland oh i learned how to strip kozo fibers from a stick- i brought back some sticks to play with in addition to the kozo (a type of mulberry, or daphne) papers and fibers and experimented with making charcoal! very successful… i am excited about making charcoal from the woody stalks of the plants i made paper of!






plantable seed cards
come not such a long way from the original.  plantable seed cards (since 1985) with more colorful non-toxic water-based inks thinned with fish emulsion.






plantable seed card
a little compost in the paper pulp to give the seeds a boost!






throw and grow
same thing different delivery system!






okra
growing plants for papermaking, like okra “yuck - it’s not a food it’s a slimy art supply”






catahoula memorial
the catahoula memorial asperagrass patch and fiber garden, along with okra, flax, sunchoke, pumpkin vines and other random food and fibers!






waltzing onions
you can see the yarden on the swissvale edible garden tour – one of the only food garden tours in the us! 






wearable paper dresses
     dement grew  up  in north carolina under a sewing machine. around quilting great grandmothers, gardening great aunts, and mom= fashion designer. when mom went to work   she lost her personal seamstress so began altering her families vintage clothes, up cycling, years ahead of  this  trend ,raiding  closets for vintage  materials.     working at hancock fabric store in high school and college she honed her craft as seamstress, costumer, designer.       dement discovered handmade paper  in 1989 at the china exhibit , high museum o art , atlanta . profoundly influenced by this tactile   and versatile medium.dement begin   a self taught -on going  journey creating art works both functional and decorative  sustaining herself through paper making for over 20 years at galleries and art festivals.     this passion for handmade papers primary   manufactured from recycled materials, vintage ephemera and invasive plants continues to be  influenced by her interest in visual narrative a, history,  love of the garden.        influenced by her long time relationship with fabrics and fibers, stitchery, is always cropping up as decorative and functional element in this body of work.  many references to clothing.  textured paper clothes lines, quilts and vintage paper corsets have been a subject found in dements work for many years. wearable paper clothes,” robes in paper,” is a logical next step in dement’s line of work.  






hand made paper  and hand made paper clothing 
 "the big zip"  cast paper from bananna trees, vintage extra long zipper allows you to peel out of this dress ( yes my knees hurt) 




















































































 pattern for reconstruction 






 luminess 1,2,  
 a tost to the light with in us!












 suport system bra day 2014 
 cast paper torsos accompany each other through all sorts of situations, i hope to draw attention to the value of good friends and spouses in times of need 






air
a dress made from bubble wrap (city paper)






a hat for uranus
handmade paper, spray paint, planet inspired hat 






meet me on uranus (runway)
handmade paper, spray paint, planet inspired dress






meet me on uranus
handmade paper, spray paint, planet inspired dress






beanie baby bikini
on the mannequin






saint catherine
paper fashions utilizing isabelle de borgrave’s techniques using only papers that i printed and painted in advance. i created  saint catherine in two hours with a live audience at the frick!






bees wax coated lighting






waxed  paper balls 
 handmade paper and ephemera over a cane frame. not quite as collapsible as the japanese ones but crafted in the same fashion.  with or with out bees wax they make a light that is romantic and aromatic.  some times i am able to collect real wasp nests and unwrap them ( a task best dome in winter)and recreate a hollow form using their papers. wasps are the best papermakers , their paper an archive of their habait 




































 handmade paper land space lamp shade 
 balances on a fine floor lamp by tery blood worth we will be showing some of these beauties at kentuck oct 17,18,19  2014 
























etched birds
i have been doing bird etchings for several years now  most often found on handmade paper shades or wall works.  i do a sort of plexiglas etching with a combination of oil base and water base inks.  they are all mono prints being recolored with each print  using a 100 + year old  press. 






























  a functional pet 
   bird etchings on handmade recycled papers   bees wax coated  hanging  bird cage lamp.  all bird cage lamps  have moving bird shadows and special long silky fringe be cause i said so.  












 small bird nite lite or bird box 
 remember that they might be giants song...... i am singing that song whilst i type so although imagery may vary the nite lights are usually birds.






























stationary and invitations
handmade paper invitations and stationary










































prev / next
back to handmade paper







7
handmade paper maps




29
tools and toys




9
misunderstood




25
encaustics and paper quilts




14
growable  gallery




24
wearable paper dresses




22
bees wax coated lighting




7
stationary and invitations


























all artwork copyright katy dement, 2020



















