


  



yin yang home













yin yang home



































                        1.5m ratings
                    

                        277k ratings
                    










see, that’s what the app is perfect for.
sounds perfect
wahhhh, i don’t wanna















yin yang home










posts


archive













concrete clean and seal cartersville georgia
alpha omega concrete coatings
 can protect your driveway from water. if your driveway is more than a 
couple years old, there’s a good chance it’s unsealed. this is a 
problem. concrete is incredibly porous and leaving your driveway 
unsealed is just inviting cracks, chips, spalling, and eventual 
replacement.just
 because your concrete looks good now doesn’t mean it’s sealed. new 
driveways have what is called a “cure and seal”, but those wear down 
within a couple of years. after that, your new driveway is fully exposed
 to rain, snow, and road salts. to properly protect your driveway and 
keep it sealed, you need the professionals at alpha omega concrete coatings.alpha omega concrete coatings use concrete protector hydrophobic sealer to 
thoroughly protect your concrete driveway for years to come. with a 
complete clean and seal service from alpha omega concrete coatings, your 
driveway will be sealed and protected from water damage. protect your 
driveway and keep your concrete looking great with clean and seal from 
alpha omega concrete coatings.for more information, or to receive a free quote, call (888) 988-7264 or visit http://alphaomegaconcretecoatings.com/ today.




concrete
concrete sealer







may 31st, 2017









open in app
facebook
tweet
reddit
mail
embed
permalink 





















benefits of sealing concrete
it
 is always beneficial to seal a concrete surface with a good quality 
sealer as it will not only help you in maintaining the surface 
effectively but also protect it from wears and tears. a good sealer can 
provide you a number of benefits. some of these benefits are briefly 
discussed her under for your consideration. provide 
great look: a good sealer can help in reviving luster finish of your 
concrete surface for many years. sealing a concrete surface is just like
 wearing sunscreen or waxing your automotive. it will protect your 
surface from stains and exposure to uv rays along with improving its 
looks.maintain the looks for long time: whether your 
concrete surface is plain, stamped or colored its sealing is 
recommended just after curing it or in the near future for long time 
maintenance. it will provide a rich, glossy and colorful shine to your 
concrete surface. for your colorful surface you can choose tinted 
sealer to increase its sheen. it will also protect your concrete from 
efflorescence. in outdoor cooking areas and patio you can also use slip 
resistant sealers to keep you safe in humid and wet weather.protection
 from stains: it is another benefit you can enjoy by sealing your 
concrete. many things like dirt, leaves, pet urine, fertilizers, spilled
 drinks and oil etc. can leave considerable stains on your beautiful 
outdoor concrete surfaces. you can prevent the penetration of such 
things into your concrete to cause stains by using right type of sealer 
on it. reduce chances of damages caused by freezing 
and melting: it is one more reason to seal your concrete with right type
 of sealer. your concrete surface can flake or damage due to freezing 
and melting of the water penetrated into it through its pores. the 
sealer will restrain the penetration of water in to the surface which 
expands while freezing and damages the surface. the sealer will 
effectively protect your surface as water will bead on it. you should 
reseal your surface if water stops beading on it. you should frequently 
reseal the areas getting heavy traffic consistently.durability:
 along with protecting your concrete surface from damages and stains a 
good sealer also provides it durability by sealing or resealing it 
properly. you should ensure that your sealing service provider uses the 
right type of sealer as right time to increase the life of your surface.
 he must use sealers that penetrate into your outdoor surfaces to 
provide it a natural finish. on fresh concrete surfaces sealer should be
 applied just after completing its curing properly which should take at 
least 10-15 days. so if you have recently installed a 
concrete patio, doorway or any other outdoor surface then it is 
important to seal them immediately after they are cured. but if you are 
sealing your existing concrete surface even then it will be beneficial 
for you in many ways as discussed in this write-up. you can do it in 
cost effective manner if you find some other concrete surface in your 
home that needs sealing, to seal them simultaneously. 




concrete sealer
sealed concrete







may 17th, 2017









open in app
facebook
tweet
reddit
mail
embed
permalink 





















a how-to guide for concrete repair
concrete is
undoubtedly one of the strongest materials for making surfaces. however, over
time, it does wear out and may crack in patches or lines. it is important that
concrete is repaired immediately one notices the cracks. this will go a long
way in helping to keep the cracks from becoming bigger. cracks on concrete
allow the passage of moisture and water which weakens concrete. sealing the
cracks is the only solution to this problem which can cause extensive damage.
repairing cracked concrete is not hard work. with a few guidelines, you should
be well on your way to completing the process. you will
save sufficient time and money by repairing concrete cracks by yourself. take
all safety precautions and cover your eyes with glasses or some other
protection shield. here are quick steps to get the work over and done with: first of all
remove the concrete that has suffered damage. you can use a hammer and chisel
to remove the crumbling pieces of concrete. now undercut the edges of the
damaged area of concrete. depending upon the damage to the concrete, you can
choose the depth for undercutting. prepare the
surface that needs to be repaired. this you can do by removing any loose pieces
of concrete using a wire brush or a stone chisel. widen the hairline cracks
using a grinder so that refilling is smooth. next, clean the surface using
either a pressure washer or a hose and nozzle. brush off any standing water and
dampen the area with a spray bottle or hose. you will
need a moist surface before you apply concrete on the damaged area. sprinkle
water and let the concrete absorb water. use brushes to clean the area
properly. you should wash the surfaces of damaged area from center to outwards.
a shop vacuum or tire pump can be of great help to clear out the dust and tiny
concrete pieces. make sure that there is no standing water on the target area
after brushing it.now you have
to prepare you cement mixtures. prepare a mixture of 1 part water and 3 parts
cement. resulting mixture will be like a gel. now you have to prepare a cement
coat that has to be applied over the edges and surfaces. in order to do so, you
have to add thinner to the cement. once your cement mixtures are ready, you
need to apply them quickly before they dry up.take the cement
mixture and apply it on the damaged area. if you are repairing a crack, you may
need to tamp it. use a circular trowel to smooth the cement surface after
applying the cement mixture with thinner. now allow the cement to set for a few
hours. cover the area with a piece of plastic and sprinkle water on daily
basis. after about a week, you would have repaired the crack and still retained
its smooth appearance.the cracks
in the concrete construction could be very annoying and risky. these are
certain common problems of the specific formations. the earthquakes or natural
calamities or any damage could be the primary reason leading to these cracks. if
kept unnoticed and unrepaired then there are chances that this crack or
crevices could get extended into the complete demolition of the damaged part of
the construction. 




concrete
concrete repair







may 17th, 2017









open in app
facebook
tweet
reddit
mail
embed
permalink 















 

 
 







