









san francisco boutique hotels | chancellor hotel san francisco



























skip to main content
skip to footer
go to accessibility page


chancellor hotel on union square



accommodations

history
testimonials
accessibility



amenities


groups & meetings

chancellor hotel on union square

offers


photos

videos



area guide

tours & sightseeing
dining



getting here

parking












433 powell street • san francisco, ca 94102 • 800-428-4748 • contact us














book now
















chancellor hotel on union square
"where the cable car stops at your doorstep"


for over 100 years, the chancellor hotel has been a fixture on union square. built for the panama pacific international exposition of 1915, it was the tallest hotel building in san francisco when it opened for business in 1914.

today, the chancellor hotel is one of the few family owned and operated hotels in san francisco.  the family's highest priority is maintaining the same tradition, service and value that made the chancellor hotel on union square the landmark that it is today.

explore accommodations



the chancellor hotel is a 3 star hotel located on union square, in the heart of san francisco, on the powell street cable car line. once the tallest hotel building in san francisco, the chancellor hotel has 137 rooms including 2 suites. 
we are a historic boutique hotel.
rooms are comfortable for two people.
bathrooms are compact.
guest rooms do not have air conditioning.
disabled access is complicated by the historic nature of the building.  click the accommodations tab for details.

explore hotel amenities




getting here
get directions from sfo, oak, and more...
directions & contact




rooms

 


amenities

 





 


specials & packages

san francisco giants package
						watch the san francisco giants play at oraclepark - rated the best baseball venue by forbes. package includes 2 tickets to a game and parking
					

park & stay package

explore special offers






parking
we offer offsite parking only:

offsite parking located at 524 powell street $35/night plus tax

vehicle must have a physical key in order to be parked at the gargage

oversized vehicles will be charged an additional $10

there is a white zone in front of the hotel for guest loading and unloading. please pull your vehicle into the white zone and curb your wheels.  if there is no room to park in the white zone, do not double park or leave your car unattended. you must circle the block and/or have another person in your party go inside the hotel to ask for assistance. the white zone is available on a first-come, first-serve basis.

parking options



groups & meetings
the historic clipper ship room is located in the heart of san francisco on union square. the room was created in 1937 to commemorate a special era in aviation and bay area history: the inauguration of pan am's clipper ship service from alameda to the orient.

the rooms' interior is reminiscent of an airplane and boasts an aerial panoramic photo of san francisco as it was in 1937. the clipper ship room was once a famous cocktail lounge from 1937 to 1980. today, it is among the most distinctive small meeting rooms in san francisco.

explore meeting rooms






parking

 


meetings

 





 

san francisco area guide
explore our comprehensive list with links to more information about union square, attractions and san francisco's famous icons as well as things to do and see. do not hesitate to contact us for more personal information about, union square, the chancellor hotel, or other san francisco attractions.

the chancellor hotel is located on union square, in the heart of san francisco, on the powell street cable car line.
launch area guide








chancellor hotel on union square

433 powell street • san francisco, ca 94102-1503toll free reservations and sales - 800.428.4748


© 2025 website by l.e.t. group


site map
web accessibility




















-->
	















