










texas skydiving | skydiving austin & college station, tx



































 











 



 
			skip to content		






								texas skydiving							




												open menu											


call phone number 
first jump

tandem skydiving
tandem faqs
photo gallery


prices

tandem prices
aff & license prices
booking info


learn

get licensed
aff faqs


licensed
dz info

our story
meet our team
events
blog


contact


search for





											search										

gift cardsgiftsbook now!book!


										close menu									





 




nothin’ but
blue skies &
good vibes



								book a skydive							











 


								ready to fly?							

								live your best life							







 



																													$259																$279





tandem skydive package


take life by the horns and do something extraordinary! book online to save $20.

book now








 



																													$360+																											




get licensed to skydive


learning how to jump solo is within your reach! pay as you go or snag a package.

learn more








 



																													$239																$259





college student discount


college students save $20 on tandem skydives with coupon code learn2fly!

book now








 



																													$229																$259





military/first responder discount


active duty military, veterans & first responders, save $30 with coupon code wesupport. 

book now








 



																													$716																											




marriage proposal package


declare your love with a texas-sized love letter! an epic way to pop the question.

learn more









as long as the weather allows, we’re ready to fly, so be spontaneous.




						reserve your jump today! 


 
 


								welcome to texas skydiving!							

								we’re a small dropzone with big dropzone amenities - which is just how we like it.							


we’ve created a resort-style oasis right here in the texas countryside, making for a memorable mini-vacation with a life-changing experience baked right in! located just a short drive from austin, college station, san antonio, and houston, we’re the #1 choice for skydiving in central texas.
oh, and did we mention we’re on a picture-perfect ranch complete with friendly, free-roaming farm animals?



								read our story							
 



meet the team
spencer short
chief pilot

hop in, buckle up and let’s get in the air!


								meet the team							



 





 

 







								our dz location							

								all roads lead to texas skydiving							


located in the heart of texas, we’re less than an hour east of austin and west of college station. escape the traffic and stress of the big city with a pleasant country drive to our little slice of heaven. we’re the destination for skydiving austin, college station, san antonio, houston and everywhere in between!




									austin																	
 
1 hour


									college station																					

 
45 mins


									houston																	
 
2 hours


									killeen																	
 
1 hour, 30 mins


									san antonio																					

 
2 hours, 15 mins


									san marcos																	
 
1 hour, 30 mins


									temple																	
 
1 hour, 10 mins


									waco																	
 
1 hour, 30 mins





 

							what makes a great skydive 						

 



 

 

 

 

 







																step 1															



																step 2															



																step 3															



																step 4															



																step 5															



													previous												



													next												




the people

some large skydiving centers “turn and burn” – feeding the tandem factory to make bank. in that scenario, you’re essentially just a number … and sometimes that’s exactly how you feel.
at texas skydiving, you’re our guest … and every jumper who flies with us feels it. we’re low volume by choice to provide that personal touch. our team is passionate about our sport, and crazy grateful that our job is to share it.



culture of safety

skydiving is an extreme sport, y’all. is it risky? sure it is! that’s part of the allure …
mitigating risk requires keeping tabs on everything, which is why we meticulously maintain our aircraft, hire the best-of-the-best uspa-certified instructors, and own top-of-the-line equipment and gear that surpasses uspa and pia standards. statistically speaking, the typical morning commute is more risky than a skydive!
when it comes to safety, we don’t mess around.



price

you wouldn’t choose your heart surgeon based on cost – and you shouldn’t choose your skydiving experience based on cost either! don’t chase fool’s gold: cheapest is by no means best.
diligently maintaining aircraft, taking care of skydiving gear and equipment, retaining an a+ team, and keeping up our 100-acre campus comes at a high cost. we love our sport and those we share it with way too much to ever cut corners on safety.



professionalism

this is our profession. we share once-in-a-lifetime memories with those wanting to jump tandem; teach those who want to progress in the sport; and welcome fun jumpers from around the world.
our owner made his very first jump here over 13 years ago and immediately fell in love. he’s been working ever since to make this the best little dz in texas. we’re not fly-by-night and this is far from our first rodeo. we’re serious about customer service and we’re ready for some serious fun!



preparation

we’ve thoughtfully designed an experience that’ll literally blow your hair back and knock your socks off (tie your shoes on tight!). to have the time of your life, be sure to come prepared.
get a good night’s sleep. arrive on time. bring your id. drink water. (no alcohol until after the jump.) eat normally. wear comfortable clothes. choose lace up shoes. we’ll take it from here!





								learn more							



 

							frequently asked questions						




									is there a minimum age requirement to skydive?																					

we follow united states parachute association guidelines, which require all jumpers to be at least 18 years of age. bring a valid, government-issued photo id with you as proof of age. sorry, permission from a parent or guardian is not acceptable.




									is there a weight limit to skydive?																					

yes, students must be 250 lbs or less and height/weight proportionate in order to jump at texas skydiving. a fee of $30 will be applied to students over 220 lbs. weight limits are  imposed by skydiving gear manufacturers for safety reasons; they are not intended to be discriminatory or exclusive.




									what should i wear to skydive?																					

dress appropriately for the weather. in warmer months, t-shirt and shorts are fine; when it’s cold, layers are a good idea. athletic shoes that lace up are best (tennis, skate, cross-trainers) – no open-toed shoes, heels, boots, or anything with hooks!
we’ll ask that you empty your pockets, remove most jewelry, and tie back long hair before you skydive.




									can i bring a group skydiving?																					

you can and you should! not only does sharing the experience make it all the more awesome, groups also get a discount. groups of 6 to 9 people get $20 off per jumper; groups of 10 or more get $30 off per jumper!




									what is your refund / reschedule / cancellation policy?																					

every reservation requires a $100 non-refundable deposit per person.
to reschedule, you can follow the “manage booking” link in your confirmation email or contact us more than 48 hours prior to your scheduled arrival time to avoid forfeiting your deposit (rescheduling due to weather excepted). no-shows will be charged full price.



 







							ready? let's go!						

as long as the weather allows, we’re ready to fly – be spontaneous and reserve your jump today!



								book now!							





 


 









book now!gift cards 

skydive

tandem faqs
tandem prices
first jump
learn to skydive

local skydiving

college station
san antonio



contact

1055 pvt rd 7022lexington, tx 78947(979) 540-8336info@texasskydiving.com 


safety in skydiving

texas skydiving is a member of the united states parachute association.

 


facebookinstagramtripadvisoryelp 
location: home 
site: terms & conditions
privacy policy
sitemap







						copyright © 2025, 
						texas skydiving, 
						all rights reserved.
					

website design by beyond marketing
					





book now!gift cardscontact us 
 call us get directions 

home
first jump

tandem skydiving
tandem faqs
photo gallery


prices

tandem prices
aff & license prices
booking info


learn

get licensed
aff faqs


licensed
dz info

our story
meet our team
events
blog


contact


search for



facebookinstagramtripadvisoryelp 


book now! 











