
































computer science department | oberlin college and conservatory












skip to main content
skip to main navigation










request info
visit & connect
apply
give





search



search oberlin:

search form

search 


search



 





          menu
        



main menu

college of arts & sciencescollege at a glance
areas of study: college
college faculty and staff
sciences at oberlin
languages at oberlin
practicing arts at oberlin
music opportunities for a&s students
resources and support for college students
ba/bfa dual degree
center for engaged liberal arts
life after oberlin college

conservatory of musicconservatory at a glance
conservatory areas of study
conservatory faculty and staff
divisions
conservatory complex
on stage
conservatory resources and support
life after oberlin conservatory

admissions & aidarts and sciences admissions
conservatory of music admissions
double degree program
financial aid overview
tuition & fees
visit & connect
class profile
request information
for international students
accepted students
oberlin blogs

life at oberlinliving on campus
division of student affairs
museum and the arts
athletics
clubs & organizations
our traditions
jewish life at oberlin
in and around oberlin

about oberlinoberlin history
mission and values
leadership & administration
how oberlin measures excellence
libraries & collections
visiting oberlin

news & eventsnews
events
special events
faculty and staff notes
running to the noise podcast

campus resourcesoffices
locations & facilities
campus bulletins
campus support resources
transportation for students
obiesafe
contact oberlin




resources for

current students
alumni
faculty & staff
parents
local community
job seekers







homecollege of arts & sciencesareas of studycomputer science 









 


program overview
computer science

help define the future.



isabel taylor ’19, currently a software engineer at google.
photo credit: tanya rosen-jones ’97






computers permeate our modern lives






computers are everywhere, from cell phones to cars. increasingly experts use computer science in their work, from neuroscience to sociology to music. oberlin provides a background in fundamentals of data science, logic, theory and programming, but we go beyond just coding. with an oberlin cs degree, you will learn how the computer revolution is changing society and our lives, and how you can help shape its impact.
collaboration and teamwork at applied problem-solving
at oberlin computer science students are more than a number. our classes are gathering places, and we host over 40 special events a year including resume workshops, alumni talks, and affinity group lunches for international students, women and non-binary students, and students of color. we offer a broad curriculum with options for double majoring and exploring cs alongside other interests at a liberal arts college. 




more in computer science
academic program
people
research opportunities and equipment
student projects
engaged computer science


contact




                  chair: cynthia taylor
 



computerscience@oberlin.edu 


                  440-775-8043                









1 out of 3
of our majors double major, and we have the most double degree majors of any college department




        
        embodying technology
              

from smartphones to surveillance systems and automated machinery, sensor technologies and computers permeate our modern world. a new oberlin learning community explores the liminal space between the physical and the digital.


learn more about the embodying technology collaboration


 


672
drop-in lab tutoring hours per year, including weekly safe space hours for women & transgender students and student of color




        
        conduct original research
              

from projects funded by the national science foundation to the oberlin summer research institute, students have the opportunity to collaborate with a faculty member on diverse research areas within computer science.


learn more about opportunities for undergraduate research


 




undergraduate research

 


iago is researching methods for analyzing black holes. “we will be able to compute the mass and energy during a collision…which has never been done before.”


learn more about iago’s project








featured courses






          csci 150        
introduction to computer science

learn the basics of computer science and coding in this course.  interactive class discussion and weekly coding labs will teach you everything you need to know to write programs to process data, draw pictures, play games, or make music.

taught by

sam taggart 







          csci 313        
human-computer interaction

this course explores how humans interact with computers, and how computers mediate our interactions with the world. topics covered include interface design, user studies, accessibility, and ubiquitous computing. we read current research papers in this area, and students complete a group programming project exploring some aspect of human-computer interaction.

taught by

cynthia taylor 







          csci 344        
privacy, anonymity and social networks

in today’s networked and electronic society, personal information and social habits are increasingly available to potentially unauthorized parties. the protection of this information requires balancing social, legal, and economic pressures. this course will introduce students to current research that tackles such privacy challenges in an interdisciplinary approach.

taught by

roberto hoyle 







          csci 374        
machine learning and data mining

machine learning and data mining enable computers to learn to perform tasks without explicit programming, as well as discover interesting information from data. students gain hands-on practice with popular machine learning and data mining algorithms, as well as discuss challenges, issues and solutions to working with complexities in real-world data.

taught by

adam eck 











student profiles




        
        he's feeling lucky
              

matt blankinship ’17 is a cybersecurity expert who began his career at amazon before joining another tech giant: google. passionate about data privacy in this digital age, blankinship works to improve security measures for a variety of google products.


learn more about matt's career after oberlin


 


        
        from oberlin to google
              

four oberlin computer science majors have accepted jobs from the tech giant while still in their senior year. sage vouse ’19 is one of them.


learn more about sage’s pathway through the major


 


        
        programming for professionals
              

a computer science graduate and former member of the men’s tennis team at oberlin, manickam manickam ’18 has brought enthusiasm and a robust work ethic to his first postgraduate job.


learn more about manickam’s professional path


 







what does computer science at oberlin look like?







jane hsieh ’19 (currently a phd student at carnegie mellon) presents her research at ieee symposium on visual languages and human-centric computing in lisbon, portugal.

photo credit: courtesy of jane hsieh ’19





students attend the grace hopper celebration of women in computing.
 

photo credit: courtesy of cynthia taylor







a course on machine learning with professor adam eck.

photo credit: matthew lester





discussion and collaborative learning are integral parts of the classroom experience.

photo credit: matthew lester











next steps
get in touch; we would love to chat.





  
  request info
      




  
  visit campus
      




  
  apply
      





 










college of arts & sciences
conservatory of music
admissions & aid
life at oberlin
about oberlin
news & events
campus resources

  request info
visit & connect
apply
give
  


college of arts and sciences admissions
        (800) 622-6243 or (440) 775-8411
        38 e. college st., oberlin, oh 44074

conservatory of music admissions
        (440) 775-8413
        39 w. college st., oberlin, oh 44074











  © 2025, oberlin college and conservatory

privacy policy
copyright policy
accreditation
website accessibility
contact us

current students
alumni
faculty & staff
parents
local community
job seekers



apply to oberlin



oberlin has separate application processes for the college of arts and sciences and the conservatory of music.



college of arts and sciences
           admissions


conservatory
          of music  admissions




double degree program

you have exceptional musical talent and intellectual enthusiasm.we have a place just for you.
double degree program applicants


















