



welcome to the cape dory sailboat owners association's home page






















if
                you don't see a menu below, please click on the above logo.





cape dory sailboat owners
                  association









 
       





 



 




your browser does not support script.
              please use the links at bottom of page.

 
 
 






who we are?




the cdsoa is a national association of independent regional fleets whose members are
                  owners of cape dory, intrepid and robinhood sailboats, all built by cape dory yachts. we have members
                  all over the united states from washington state
                  to florida, california to maine and beyond our borders. we are always looking
                  for new cape dory owners to join us. we
                  offer a strong national alliance of cape dory-built sailboats and have a
                  system in place to charter local area fleets.
                  there are three levels of membership: voting, associate and honorary.
                  though the emphasis of the organization is on cape dory sailboats,
                  we welcome cape dory and robinhood powerboat owners to join as
                  associate members and to participate in all of our activities. 




mission statement!


the purpose of the association is to advance the sport
              of yachting and the individual and family enjoyment thereof; to promote
              the educational and technical interests of the membership and to enhance
              the social enjoyment and good fellowship among the owners of cape
              dory-built sailboats. 






how do cape dory owners benefit?




as a cdsoa member you'll belong to a large network of cape dory owners who are more than willing to
                share their knowledge and experiences concerning their boats and boating, you'll make new friendships
                that may last a lifetime, and you'll get a chance to meet with other owners and sail on boats that you
                may aspire to one day own.
we have a very active message board, the cape dory board,
                where all boat owners are welcome to submit their questions, comments
                and resolutions regarding our boats. although cdsoa membership is
                not a requirement to take advantage of our web site and the cape
                  dory board, please keep in mind that it is paid for by membership
                dollars, so why not join? there is also a very active facebook group called
                "cape dory fans" (not a cdsoa
                resource) if you prefer to use social media.
              


the cdsoa organizes meetings and events, both on and
                off the water, in each of our regions. and on this web site you'll
                find information regarding upcoming general
                and area fleet events, details and contact
                information regarding our regional fleets,
                as well as news regarding the cdsoa and
                its officers.
we also offer a catalog of custom cdsoa items including burgees,
                hats, t-shirts, monogrammed polo shirts, towels, etc. contact sandy
                    davis regarding chandlery items or visit
                  our online store.



how do i join or renew my cdsoa membership?




to join the cdsoa or renew your membership
: 
on or about jan. 1, 2023 we will be moving to an online membership registration and
                management system provided by a new “master” cdsoa web space currently under development at
                the web space provider - clubexpress.com. 
click here
 for more information regarding the web changes to come.
if you are currently an active member of the cape dory sailboat owners association (cdsoa), as
                  of 2022, you will be automatically renewed for 2023 - at no cost to you. â new
                members for 2023 will be able to sign up for $25 on or about jan 1, 2023 using the new system.
if you can't wait until january, and who could blame you, this is a great group, print and fill out the
                membership/renewal form. 
click
                      here
 for the pdf version, or 
click
                      here
 for the microsoft word
                version, then mail the completed form, along with your 
check

                for $25.00 to a fleet of
                your choice. a list of fleets, and where to mail your form to, appears on page 2 of the form.
dues are $25 for a calendar year membership which begins on january
                  1st and expires on december 31st of each year. for more information, contact
                one of the cdsoa fleet captains.






all
                              cdsoa memberships expire on december 31st of each year, so
                              don't wait to renew!









 

**note:
 adobe
                  acrobat reader must be installed on your computer in order
                to download and open pdf files. if you don't have the latest version
                of adobe acrobat reader, download
                  it, free of charge, from adobe's website.
 


disclaimer: the cdsoa is a private voluntary
                  social club. the cdsoa and this web site are not associated with and
                  do not represent cape dory yachts, which is a division of newport
                  shipyards corp., nor any of the other businesses or individuals mentioned
                  herein.

 














courtesy
                          of cruisingoutpost.com




 









 

this
                    page was last revisedr: 26 november 2022





modified
            by: 

catherine
                    monaghan, webmaster -- cdsoa, inc.








  


  


home
              | benefits | events
              | fleets | chandlery
              | where to look | cd
                board | cd info | cd
                registry | contact us




 


©cdsoa and the
            cdsoa logo are the property of the cape dory sailboat owners association,
            inc.. use, reproduction,
            copying or redistribution of same without the written permission of
            the cdsoa, inc. is prohibited. all other trademarks or servicemarks
            appearing
            on the site are the marks of their respective owners.




 


