














primate info net – wisconsin national primate research center – uw–madison



























 











skip to main content




university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









wisconsin national primate research center

over 60 years of life-saving research and humane animal care




search






menu
open menu


close





news
about us
expand


collapse



about us
contact us
jobs


our science
services
outreach
education
primate info net and callicam
 






home





primate info net









primate info net 

 




primate info net (pin) provides resources about non-human primates in research, education and conservation. its pin google groups support an informal “primate information network” comprised of thousands of individuals working with or interested in nonhuman primates. pin is a community effort and we’d love to hear from you! if you notice something missing, are a primatologist and would like to contribute an update to our primate species fact sheets or other resources, or have any questions, please contact us.

join a pin google group – jobs, volunteers, programs, and primate-grants
if you are a professional journalist looking for an expert in primatology, contact the international primatological society or the american society of primatologists at media@asp.org. if you you have a news media or other query related to the wisconsin national primate research center only, contact the wnprc communications and outreach office.
frequently asked questions






the callicamlearn about callithrix jacchus, the common marmoset, while viewing a family of these new world monkeys through the wnprc's interactive live webcam.



            watch the  callicam
more

 



            read the common marmoset  factsheet
more

 











primates in the newspin news shares our updates and also popular primate news sites. an rss (really simple syndication) feed is available for use with your preferred news reader.



            pin  news
more

 



            primate news  sites
more

 



            view the rss feed  (xml)
more

 











primate factsheets and resourcesthe pin factsheets and resources pages aim to provide a virtual "encyclopedia" of primates, providing information and links about primate species, research, care and more.



            explore the factsheets and  resources
more

 



            check out the  glossary
more

 











primatology communitythe idp lists people and organizations involved in primate research, education and conservation. primate-science is a discussion group for those working with or researching primates.



            international directory of  primatology
more

 



            animal care/welfare resources and  forums
more

 











career centerthis section provides information to those considering (or pursuing) a career in primate research, education, conservation or veterinary medicine.



            visit the career  center
more

 



            pin career groups (jobs, volunteer opportunities, other  programs)
more

 











primate images and videos'the primate collection' brings together thousands of illustrations and photographs, forming the nash collection of primates in art & illustration and the primateimages collection of natural history photos.



            browse the primate  collection
more

 



            av  resources
more

 



            primates in art and  illustration
more

 










primate info net (pin) is maintained by the wisconsin national primate research center (wnprc) at the university of wisconsin-madison, with countless grants and contributions from others over time. pin is an ever-growing community effort: if you’d like to contribute, or have questions, please don’t hesitate to contact us. the original pin website exists through the internet archive wayback machine; however, the site is no longer maintained.
primate info net content is provided in good faith for general informational purposes. the wisconsin national primate research center, which hosts this site, is not responsible for the accuracy, adequacy, validity, reliability, availability or completeness of any information on this site. additional information on copyright law, terms of use and fair use is provided here.
 

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin


contact uswnprc
1220 capitol court
madison, wi 53715


 map
map marker


email: chan@primate.wisc.edu
phone: 608-263-3500

facebook


x twitter


linkedin

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: jennifer.bal@primate.wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.











