









printo - paediatric rheumatology international trials organization

















 







toggle navigation














about

homewhat is printobylawsgoverning bodiesjoint assessor certificateprivacy information 


projects

ongoing projectspast projectsenrollment statspres partnership 


publications

papersauthorship policy 


news

printo newsprinto newslettersother news 


contacts

contact printo 


member area

















forgot your password?






  search
                            




















printo
the paediatric rheumatology international trials organisation (printo)  is a not for profit, non governmental, international research network founded by alberto martini and nicolino ruperto in 1996. the coordinating centre is based in genova. printo initially included 14 european countries (95 countries and 730 centres worldwide with 2072 members today), with the goal to foster,  facilitate and co-ordinate the development, conduct, analysis, and reporting of multi-centres, international clinical trials and/or outcome standardisation studies in children with paediatric rheumatic diseases (prd).

via gaslini, 5
genova
liguria
16147
italy






paediatric rheumatology international trials  organisation (printo)




 




			genoa 2019
		
			genoa 2015
		
			genoa 2009
		
			genoa 2003
		
			camogli 2003
		
			pavia 1996
		
			pavia 2001
		 





 


the paediatric rheumatology international trials organisation (printo)  is a not for profit, non governmental, international research network founded by alberto martini and nicolino ruperto in 1996. including initially 14 european countries, the organization counts now on the cooperation of 2072 members from 730 centres in 95 countries worldwide. printo has the goal to foster,  facilitate and co-ordinate the development, conduct, analysis, and reporting of multi-centres, international clinical trials and/or outcome standardisation studies in children with paediatric rheumatic diseases (prd). 

    the coordinating centre is based in genoa.
    to learn more about printo click here 
    to download the printo brochure click here











 







in the spotlight





14-jun-2024
            printo/prcsg/pfizer manuscript on safety and efficacy results of tofacitini...
more details... 

13-mar-2024
            european workshop for rheumatology research (ewrr) - 43rd edition
view website of the event... 

10-dec-2023
            pres/printo research grants | 2023 call for proposals - by february 15th, 2...
more details... 

14-may-2022
            printo/prcsg/pfizer tofacitinib manuscript authors'reply published in the l...
more details... 

14-feb-2022
            the merita website has gone live and is now online
more details... 

11-nov-2021
            printo/prcsg/pfizer tofacitinib manuscript published in the lancet
more details... 

15-mar-2019
            epoca manuscript published in lancet child adolesc health!
paper details... 

04-feb-2019
            first results of the printo consensus for new jia classification published!
paper details... 

16-aug-2018
            consensus proposal for taxonomy of aids: manuscript published on ard
paper details... 

24-may-2018
            subcutaneous abatacept in poly jia manuscript published in arthritis & rheu...
more details... 









projects







conect4children (c4c)




printo is partner of the "conect4children" (c4c) initiative, the collaborative network for european clinical trials for children, (c4c)  a consortium that aims to enhance the competitiveness of europe as a critical region for developing medicines for children. 


learn more






liaisons with pharmaceutical companies




printo is working with pharmaceutical companies as advisor for trials planning, centre selection, data collection, data analysis and interpretation…


learn more






the stars trial




the comparison of step-up and step-down therapeutic strategies in childhood arthritis trial (stars) is a new interventional trial aiming to investigate whether an early aggressive therapeutic intervention in children with jia, based on the initial start of synthetic and biologic dmards (step-down strategy), is superior to an approach based on treatment escalation conducted following the treat-to-target principle (step-up strategy).


learn more






the jia classification study




the printo evidence-based revision of the international league against rheumatism (ilar) classification criteria for juvenile idiopathic arthritis.


learn more






the kiwi study




retrospective-prospective, observational, descriptive and multicenter study of patients with kd for the comparison and performance of kobayashi and kawanet ivig resistance scores in a multi-centric european and north indian cohort of kawasaki disease.


learn more






cest-jia




the study is aimed to evaluate, through a pragmatic trial, safety and efficacy of switching from the adalimumab and etanercept originator molecules versus their biosimilar competitors and vice-versa in children with jia in clinical remission on anti-tnf medication.


learn more






eurofever




the pres autoinflammatory diseases’ working group, in collaboration with printo, set up a a web-based international registry for autoinflammatory diseases.


learn more






cross-cultural adaptation and validation of losqi in jls




cross-cultural adaptation and validation of the localised scleroderma quality of life instrument (losqi) in juvenile localised scleroderma (jls) is a multicentre study of the pres scleroderma working party in collaboration with members of the carra scleroderma working group.


learn more






the metaphor project




the project named "optimizing treatment in systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (sjia) and macrophage activation syndrome (mas)/secondary hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (hlh), (metaphor), is winner of the 2021 pres/printo call for grants and has the aim to provide an overview of the real-life experience in sjia and mas/shlh treatment through a survey involving the pediatric rheumatology centers part of the pres/printo networks.


learn more






the create trial




therapeutic approach in colchicine-resistant recurrent pericarditis in children: an open-label randomized trial comparing anakinra vs steroids


learn more






pharmachild




printo and pres are conducting a pharmacovigilance project which aims at observing children with jia for 3-10 years undergoing treatment with mtx or biologic agents in order to collect moderate, severe or serious adverse events occurred.


learn more






the hyperped-covid registry




a joined pres, esid, issaid, ern-rita and printo network’s effort has been started with the aim to buid a registry of  children and young adults who have developed serious inflammatory condition in temporal association with covid-19 in the community.


learn more






the daisy study




the daisy study (applicability of standardized ultrasound examination to estimate disease activity in combination with jadas and inflammation markers in jia patients) aims to investigate sensitivity and predictive value of the multi-biomarker panel and to evaluate if it could be applied in limited number of joints in patients with oligo and polyarticular jia course as a new disease activity tool and outcome measure.


learn more






the merita project




the merita meta-data registry will collect in aggregated fashion the common data elements (cdes) of the single participating registries.


learn more






papa - can trial




a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized withdrawal study of canakinumab in pyogenic sterile arthritis pyoderma gangrenosum and acne (papa) syndrome


learn more



 





 certifications


















irccs istituto g. gaslini, universita' di genova
            reumatologia e malattie autoinfiammatorie, eular centre of excellence in rheumatology 2008-2028
            via gaslini, 5 16147 genova, italy



 www.printo.it       
                

 website for families




 0039-010382854       
                

 0039-010393425
                



 0039-010393324



 printo 



   	 	this website uses cookies. by continuing to browse the website you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
        learn more  
        accept cookies







