













bible interpretation | bible interp













      skip to main content
    








news and interpretations on the bible and ancient near east history.





search


search
search





contact us
mark elliott











homeaboutexcavationsarticlesarchaeologybiblical interpretationdead sea scrollshistorical jesusnew testamentold testamentsecond temple judaismscience and religionhebrew languagein my viewresourcesarcheological reports













 








 
michelangelo's david at the gallerie dall'accademia in florence, italy. comparing david with jacob and joseph.  getty images.




















newest article: narrative analogy in the david storywritten by joanna klinenarrative analogy is deployed in the david story through various means and with several purposes. david is implicitly compared with jacob and joseph (and occasionally others, such as esau) in order to highlight positive and negative aspects of his character. the parallels between the samuel and… read more










 
 





    recent articles






approaching comparisons with ancient greek traditionswritten by andrew tobolowsky
“yes, that’s the book for me!”: ethnographic insights on white evangelical biblicismwritten by mark ward sr
paul’s chord of gods in corinthwritten by stephen p. ahearne-kroll
rendered relatable: using myth to (re-)read hebrew bible landscapeswritten by eric j. p. wagner
a highly hierarchical history: same-sex relationships in the biblical worldwritten by thomas kazen
what can we learn from manuscripts of the new testament?written by garrick v. allen
what people miss about the bible on marriage, part 3: what is modeled and how the marriage relationship is leveragedwritten by jennifer g. bird
why it is necessary to integrate rabbinic scholarship into the study of late antique intellectual culturewritten by catherine hezser
the king james bible mystique: on teaching the bible in public schoolswritten by alan levenson 
orientalism and hebrew bible scholarshipwritten by ronald hendel 

more articles





















other sites









topics of interest


hebrew language
media, video and lectures from the arizona center for judaic studies of the university of arizona
teaching the bible in public schools and higher ed
tombs at talpiot
television specials about the bible
scholars, frauds, the media and the public
essays on minimalism from bible and interpretation
final reports on the yehoash inscription and james ossuary from the israeli antiquities authority
essays on the james ossuary and the temple tablet from bible and interpretation














log in









contact us
mark elliott









supported by:
j.e. wright -- university of arizona, religious studies
jennie ebeling -- university of evansville, department of archaeology
martin ehrensvärd -- university of copenhagen, faculty of theology
robert rezetko – independent researcher
connect
facebook
x / twitter
copyright © 2000-2024 the bible and interpretation | all rights reserved | the university of arizona | developed by sbs tech
department • bldg • tucson, az 85721 • tel 520-621-6897 • fax 520-626-9014
 



 university privacy statement









