












grants for girls :: ann bancroft foundation :: ann bancroft foundation



































sign up
give now








 menuabout abfour missionboard & staffabout annmedia & pressreports & financialscontact usprogramsabf granttrailblazer fellowshipmentorshippartneroutreachfinding a mentorour impactabf trailblazer storiesmentor storiesdonor storiesevaluation & researchour strategic planvolunteer profiles2023 year in reviewnews & eventseventsnewsabf in the newspress releasesnewsletter archive2025 annual eventgirlhood summit 2024view from the top of the worldget involvedcontributevolunteer with abfcareerspowher partners campaign





 

supporting a girl today strengthens our community now and in the future


we envision a world in which all who identify as a girl have a chance to live their dream and reach their full potential. we achieve our mission by providing grants, mentorship, and ongoing development to k-12 girls in minnesota.




get involved




apply now. dream big.






 
programs offered
 
 



the ann bancroft
foundation (abf) grant


we believe in you. open to k-12 girls who haven’t received an abf grant and have the desire to pursue a dream. there’s an opportunity for every girl to reach their full potential.



learn about the grant




trailblazer
fellowship


ready to take your dreams to another level? previous abf grant recipients in 9th through 12th grades can apply to get a head start to independence, college, and/or career.


apply now. go further.




gatherings
& workshops


what are you excited about? check out abf gatherings & workshops to build connections, learn new skills, and foster individual strengths that will keep your momentum going.


see what’s new. register.




 


2024 - 2025 trailblazer fellowship
the ann bancroft foundation trailblazer fellowship allows previous grantees (trailblazers) who are currently in 9th to 12th grade to apply for a new grant to fund a dream as a head start on their road to independence, college, and career and participate in a year-long cohort experience.
 


meet the second cohort




2025 annual event
join us on april 24, 2025 to celebrate and honor the girls who use their voices, talents, gifts, and creativity every day to transform our world.
 

 
 
 



learn more about the event





read our 2023-2024 impact report

 
 
 
 
 
 


learn more


 
 
you can play a powerful role in a girl’s future 
 
 





parents, mentors &
influencers 


you know a girl with a dream. together, we can help her go after it. we provide direct grants to girls and center their experiences, voices, and power. 


start a girl on her path






partners, referrals & providers


you offer exceptional activities that expand the worlds of girls. we provide the funds to girls to live their dreams and work as your partner to help you grow and strengthen your collaborations.


let’s work together






individual &
corporate donors


we’ve supported girls since 1997 and we’ve seen the life-changing impact. nurture competence, confidence, connection, character and caring and watch them transform our world.


invest in girls





 





"my self-confidence sky-rocketed because i began trusting in my own abilities."


read sierra's and other trailblazer stories


 

 

a review of 2023


we support girls to live their dreams and imagine something bigger



288

abf grants awarded
in 2023


42

trailblazer fellowship applicants


27

minnesota counties received grants


 
 
read our recent annual reports
 
  
 


 

 our theory of change


the ann bancroft foundation believes investing in girls by increasing access to transformative experiences builds competence, confidence, connection, character and caring (the 5 c’s of positive youth development), and disrupts the impacts of gender inequities by helping girls build skills to navigate the challenges they face today, and laying the foundation for future successes that strengthen our communities.


learn more about our strategic plan


 
 
connecting girls with activities that expand their worlds
 
 













© 2022 all rights reserved ann bancroft foundation | 2356 university ave w, suite 404, saint paul, mn 55114-1892  | contact us












