seacoastonline.com: local news, politics & sports in portsmouth, nhnews sports entertainment lifestyle opinion advertise obituaries enewspaper legals  exeter democrats protest president's agenda: 'impeach trump now'new designs for 40-48 housing units in downtown portsmouthvote for seacoast boys basketball player of year: here are nomineesvote for seacoast girls basketball player of year: here are nominees 400 faa employees fired by trump administration weeks… seacoast top 7 girls basketball rankings: playoffs start… york tops seacoast top 7 boys basketball rankings. who… one woman's struggle to find a place to live on the…  keefe: knowledge and truth, the ultimate post-election… exeter democrats protest president's agenda: 'impeach trump now'  new designs for 40-48 housing units in downtown portsmouth  seacoast student of the week balance academics, sports and more more in news vote for seacoast boys basketball player of year: here are nominees  vote for seacoast girls basketball player of year: here are nominees  vote for seacoast high school athletes of the week for feb. 10-15 more in sports what's open and closed in nh on president's day? see the list  robert kraft's wife dana blumberg named to kennedy center board  niko moon to headline free show at hampton beach: country music fest more in entertainment looking for indoor daytrips with the kids? try one of these 5 places  could a u.s. archbishop be the next pope? how conclave process works  this small town in nh is one of best in country. here's why more in life seacoast science center teams with ogl to boost marine mammal research  money talk: expect more scammer activity as tax season kicks off  it insight: your critical company data & uptime 2025 more in business one woman's struggle to find a place to live on the seacoast; letters  keefe: knowledge and truth, the ultimate post-election casualties joe keefe  commentary: stop slandering geno and anna barbara hantz marconi j. michael donovan more in opinion watch the scene from the delta plane crash in toronto live  apple ceo teases unveiling of new product: what we know  who is pope francis? what to know about hospitalized catholic leader more in trending cariuma x star wars sneakers are on sale for $32 for a limited time only!  🇺🇸 20 best presidents day sales to shop today  how to watch we beat the dream team, releasing on monday, feb. 17 more in shoppingenter today!       enter today!       winners announced!       more in contestslooking for indoor daytrips with the kids? try one of these 5 places seacoast student of the week balance academics, sports and more boston firm didn't get portsmouth housing project: maybe next one? seacoast dog a westminster kennel club champion: watch vote for seacoast high school athletes of the week for feb. 10-15careers staff directory accessibility sitemap legal - nh our ethical principles responsible disclosure subscription terms & conditions terms of service privacy policy your privacy choices legal - mainecontact us support local business advertise your business buy and sell licensing & reprints help center subscriber guide manage account give feedbacksubscribe today newsletters facebook x enewspaperjobs cars homes classifieds shopping 10best localiq digital marketing solutions© 2025 www.seacoastonline.com. all rights reserved.