





home - paraclete mission group































































































		skip to content









 









home
learn
serve
people
projects
connect
give
resources
 

 

home
learn
serve
people
projects
connect
give
resources
 











search


 











 
donate now
















 

















paráklētos – one who consoles or comforts, one who encourages or uplifts; hence refreshes, and/or one who intercedes on our behalf as an advocate. 










coming alongside 
christian leaders around the world 





































welcome to paraclete 



coming alongside christian leaders around the world. paraclete mission group comes alongside mission agencies, churches and church planting movements serving around the world. paraclete associates are experienced missionaries and professionals who use their histories, skills and gifts to partner with individuals and organizations to help them be effective in life and ministry. 






learn more











 







 






























2023 scope 












countries served 

0












churches and organizations served 

0












people counseled, mentored, coached, or discipled 

0












total people taught 

0






























missions updates 















news

 



				mastering double-edged swords			


the early church understood the multi-faceted meaning of hebrews 4:12, “the word of god is…sharper than a double-edged sword.” they grappled with two revolutionary technologies—roads


			read more »		



			january 17, 2025		

			no comments		






associates

 



				after we leave			


chuck thumped the suitcase down, then pulled the door shut with both hands. he jerked it a second and third time until the latch finally


			read more »		



			december 11, 2024		

			no comments		






news

 



				alongside the alongside-ers			


paraclete associates come alongside the hurting, the helpless, the defenseless, the lost, the persecuted, the confused, the illiterate, the hungry, and the ignorant. they serve


			read more »		



			november 12, 2024		

			no comments		






« previous
next » 






















all posts















serve 



join the paraclete team 



paraclete associates have served hundreds of organizations and churches in dozens of countries, working as counselors, consultants, mentors and trainers. paraclete mission group offers: freedom: choose your own assignments, locations, and field of work.accountability: plan and budget your work, and submit reports online.credibility: paraclete is a member of ecfa and missio nexus, and has a charity navigator 4-star rating.community: meet and pray in person with other associates; collaborate on joint projects in your service area.flexible compensation: housing allowances, generous pay levels, and a 403(b) retirement plan.systems that serve: microsoft office suite, cloud storage, online donor management and accounting, and online giving.  









 
read the brochure

















 
learn more about serving as a paraclete associate























support paraclete mission group, associates, or special projects 






donate now






























for more than 30 years, paraclete has served 
50+ countries all over the world  







 



ethiopia 







 



s. asia 







 



eastern europe 







 



nigeria 







what others say 










 



thank you for coming alongside me as a paraclete and encourager. i thank the paraclete himself who spoke wisely through you in the times of counseling.pastor,
uganda 













 



i want you to know what an amazing blessing this ministry is. over the past few days i’ve witnessed hearts and lives changed. god was here and moving in each of our lives. i am leaving today refreshed, renewed and knowing that i am 100% loved by our savior. the memories i have made will last a lifetime. a truly impactful 3 days.

church leader, 
bolivia 
























 










 








 
719-302-2500





 
info@paraclete.net




 
6547 n academy blvd. #2170                    colorado springs, co 80918










 
associate login











 
board login











get involved 



serve 



donate 



update my donor info 



other ways to give 



pray 



facebook 



linkedin 







about us 



mission 



methodology 



financials 



staff
 



board 



privacy policy 



statement of faith 



equal opportunity employment 











 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 















© all rights reserved 










facebook
















financials 





















our mission 



to come alongside christian leaders around the world. 













methodologywe operate in alignment with our vision and values.we serve as catalysts, without personal or institutional agendas.we stay only as long as needed and welcome.we view all our work as spiritual activity with eternal significance.we promote effective and godly stewardship of resources as a model for business and ministry.we practice the accountability of planning and evaluating our work, and teach others to do the same. 













financial information 



our financial statements have been audited annually since 2013 by an independent national accounting firm. paraclete is registered or exempt from charitable solicitation registrations in all states that require it. 



2023 paraclete mission group 9902023 paraclete mission group audited  



2023 financial summary 







revenues 















contributions 







$4,482,308 











  other revenue 







$131,963 











  total revenue 







$4,614,271 



















expenses 















  program 







$3,694,724 











  administrative 







$335698 











fundraising 







$361,811 











  total expenses 







$4,392,233 





























donor privacy policyparaclete mission group is committed to respecting the privacy of our donors. we provide this donor privacy policy to inform you of the way we protect and use your information.information we collecthere are the types of donor information that we collect and maintain:your contact information: name, organization/church, address, phone number, email address;your preference for which ministry your donation will be applied;your payment information: credit card and/or bank account information;information you choose to share with us: questions, comments, suggestions, how you learned of paraclete, and;your communication preferences; e.g., to individuals who request it, we will send periodic mailings related to specific fund-raising appeals, prayer concerns, and newsletters.how we use your informationparaclete mission group uses your information to help you complete a donation, communicate back to you, and update you on ministry activity and results. we use credit card numbers only for donation or payment processing.how we protect your informationwe use industry standard safeguards to protect your information. we protect the security of credit card transactions using a number of measures such as encryption, access controls, network firewalls and physical security. card numbers are never stored on our premises in any physical or electronic form. these measures make it extremely difficult for anyone to intercept the credit card information you send to us. when we work with other companies to process credit card transactions, those companies also use encryption and other security measures.we do not share your personal informationparaclete mission group will not sell, rent, trade or lease your personal information to other organizations. we hold the identity of donors confidentially. we will use your information only to further the ministry purposes of paraclete mission group. we will not send you mailings on behalf of another organization.your rights – gdpr specificpersonal informationwhere you have provided your consent to us processing your personal data, you may withdraw this consent at any time. in addition, the global data protection regulations gives you the right, under certain circumstances:to request in writing and securely obtain copies of the personal information we hold about you;to correct or update your personal information held by us;to request us to stop using your personal information for marketing purposes or for any other purpose where there is no legal requirement for continued processing; to object to profiling activities based on our legitimate interest; to request to have all personal data deleted (in the eea only). to exercise any of these rights please contact privacy@paraclete.net .please tell paraclete mission group as soon as any of your contact details change so that records can be kept up to date.we will take reasonable steps to correct any of your information, which is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date.removing your name from our mailing listwe will honor your desire not to receive mail from us if that is your preference. please contact us if you wish to be removed from our mailing list. donors with an online account with paraclete mission group can establish and change their communication preferences, print receipts, make one-time donations and set up recurring automatic donations. if you choose not to have an online account you have the same degree of control when you call or write to tell us of your preferences.contacting usif you have comments or questions about our donor privacy policy, please send us an email at info@paraclete.net or call us at (719) 302-2500.  













statement of faith 



we believe the bible to be the only infallible, authoritative word of god.we believe that there is one god, eternally existent in three persons: father, son and holy spirit.we believe in the deity of our lord jesus christ, in his virgin birth, in his sinless life, in his miracles, in his vicarious and atoning death through his shed blood, in his bodily resurrection, in his ascension to the right hand of the father, and his personal return in power and glory.we believe that for the salvation of lost and sinful man regeneration by the holy spirit is absolutely essential.we believe in the present ministry of the holy spirit by whose indwelling the christian is enabled to live a godly life.we believe in the resurrection of both the saved and the lost, they that are saved unto the resurrection of life, and they that are lost unto the resurrection of damnation.we believe in the spiritual unity of believers in our lord jesus christ. 













equal opportunity employment 



it is the policy of paraclete mission group not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age or disability in admission and access to, or treatment or employment in its program or activities. as a religious institution, paraclete is permitted and reserves the right to prefer employees or prospective employees on the basis of religion.  











































