



public safety testing - home page


















































                                sign in
                                

sign in



registered users


email addressforgot?



passwordforgot?


sign in




new to pst?
create an account










for candidates
candidates



for candidates
candidates

career opportunities
test requirements
remote testing
faq
study materials
store

sign up for written exam 

 law enforcement officer
 corrections officer
 firefighter
 911 dispatcher



sign up for physical ability tests 

 cpat orientation
 cpat practice test
 cpat test
  physical ability test


all events





for agencies
agencies



for agencies
agencies

pre-employment testing / screening services
investigation services
promotional testing
executive services
faq




test & event calendar
calendar














information center















leaders in public safety. 
it’s who we are, it’s the clients we serve, and it’s the candidates they’re seeking. together we share a commitment to help build safe, strong, and thriving communities.

for candidates for agencies schedule a test











what's new at pst


announcing our new online, in-home dispatch exam!
a more flexible option for completing your 911 dispatcher / call receiver exam! schedule online and take the exam from the comfort of your home. equipment restrictions apply.  •	convenient • accessible• saves time & money• no travel to a test site required• fully proctored via our secure platform

view more details!



new agencies
to learn about the new agencies, such as klickitat county dept. of corrections, cheney fd, northern lakes fd and twisp pd, click "learn more"!

learn more




featured tests
see more




event
        test date
location




dispatcher written exam
 02/21/25

            pullman, wa
        


law enforcement & corrections written exam
 03/02/25

            sequim, wa
        


dispatcher written exam
 03/02/25

            sequim, wa
        


firefighter written exam
 03/15/25

            kennewick, wa
        


firefighter written exam
 03/23/25

            auburn, wa
        


 

upcoming deadlines see more



departmentvacanciesdeadline




port angeles fire department - entry level firefighter / paramedic - day schedule
                            1

                                                                    february 19, 2025
                                                            


port angeles fire department - entry level firefighter / emt - paramedic trainee - day schedule
                            1

                                                                    february 19, 2025
                                                            


university of alaska anchorage police department - police officer i/ii
                            10

                                                                    february 21, 2025
                                                            


ocean shores fire department - entry level firefighter paramedic
                            1

                                                                    february 24, 2025
                                                            










for candidates

a career in public safety
it’s your dream. we’ll help you realize it.
a career in public safety – whether as a firefighter, law enforcement officer, 911 dispatcher, or corrections officer – is one of the most rewarding careers you can choose. it’s a path to personal growth, professional advancement, and one of the best ways we know to give back to your community in a big way.

schedule a test learn more 





for agencies




comprehensive services
our mission is to help you accomplish yours.
we’re committed to helping public safety agencies hire and develop great people. we provide essential recruiting, human resource, and investigative services designed to streamline and enhance your operations.

learn more 





















covid-19 updates 
 5/6/2020 update: 
testing in washington state canceled through may 31, 2020
all pre-employment tests in washington state have been canceled until may 31, 2020 unless government restrictions are eased. with recent updates, facility closures, and government guidelines, this step is necessary and could be modified at any time.  the health and safety of our customers, our staff, and their families is of the highest priority.
we will continue to evaluate developments and make changes to this policy as necessary. when we do resume testing, there will be plenty of events for everyone to test.  we are in regular communication with our public safety agency partners, assessing alternatives to the traditional testing model and our testing policies.  any future updates will be posted on the pst website and our facebook page. 
 4/1/2020 update: 
 if you have tested with pst in the past 12 months, there may be additional positions you are now eligible to add.  several departments have temporarily changed their testing policies due to the suspension in testing that covid-19 has caused. please login to your pst account and navigate to the ‘new positions’ page to see what departments you can add!  we will regularly update that page in your account as departments send updates.
  future test registration  
 we know that there will be testing in the future - we just don’t know when!  we want you to be prepared for when testing begins again so we have created test events on our calendar that you can register for that will place you in a queue to be first notified. these tests are not “real” test events, they are essentially a holding area. you will be able to “reschedule” out of that event to any other event date/location at no cost.  registering now will also give you time to work on your personal history statement (phs) so that your data will be ready and up-to-date to send to your departments once testing resumes. 
 to sign up for this placeholder event, select the june 15, 2020 test date in your category (police, fire, 911 dispatch, corrections, etc.).
 you may also click on the test event of interest below to sign up: 
  law enforcement & corrections written and physical ability test 
  leo & co pat retest  
  leo & co pat practice test  
  dispatcher written test  
  firefighter written test  
  emt test  
  cpat  
  cpat practice test  
  cpat orientation  
please check back here frequently and ‘like’ our facebook page to stay updated.
 pst staff are working remotely and are available by email at contact@publicsafetytesting.com. we anticipate a high email volume and will respond as quickly as possible.  

continue to website 










veteran/servicemember owned business
proudly served our country, now proudly serving our community
registered with washington department of veterans affairs www.dva.wa.gov



pst is an official collection site for northwest harvest
please feel free to drop off non-perishable food items at our office in lynnwood. thank you for helping those in need!









about us
join our team
contact
privacy policy
sitemap





1 (866) hire - 911








                        © 2025 public safety testing, inc., all rights reserved. v3.1.12
                    

























