







google.com, pub-4403613816547279, direct, f08c47fec0942fa0


thailand chiangmai property specialists for residential plus 

commercial real estate sales, rentals etc














             
                              

                 
chiangmai high end

	        properties
commercial & condominiums   

房地产代理













  
thailand real estate 






luxury estate 



land for sale



condo buying guide 



 condos for sale



home-land for sale



bank foreclosures 





tax guide



commercial


insurance


services


lawyer & accounts 


leasing facts 


helpline


buying guide 


bus service 


housing bubble 





shipping household & personal clearing agent 

english/thai law office

thailand trade 

bangkok lawyer

 

shipping to & from thailand & transport services

sourcing products in thailand 





  pattaya shipping in & out of thailand
 
 

 






 mortgage borrowers may have to make a down payment of at least 20% of the home value for those worth 10 million baht and higher, as well as for second homes and subsequent mortgages. the new requirement came into force from jan 1, 2019.  

  lenders will also be required to limit mortgages together with top-up mortgages such as personal loans and loans for mortgage-reducing term assurances at 80% of home value
  all rights reserved.  © bangkok post public company limited. all rights reserved. 
 





chiangmai thailand 




easy quick check service. we arrange a full service for foreigners from worldwide whether it be china, korea to usa, uk, eu with our 
one stop shop service with 
www.chiangmailaw.com
we have been in the property business for 30 years now. we are the original chiangmai realty  


 
 

 
25 years in the real estate business in chiangmai with foreign & thai staff we specialize in assisting foreigners and thai buying property in thailand --total protection & insurancemaking you feel at home. 
our new approach is your safeguard 

lease & sell top end properties, factories & specializing in commercial properties to resorts; high end homes  & we help you buy ---- using our law services.
no hidden costs---- total discretion--- - foreign partners. 
stop press: condominium prices in bangkok,  provinces risen in october 2018 by 11% in the third quarter and 2.8% from the previous quarter on progress in the expansion of electric railway lines. this is good for chiangmai as the new airport is being built to cope with the influx of chinese and other nationals wanting to buy condos in chiangmai. this is now a good time to buy condominiums in chiangmai for all westerners--value for money  




 

 

 

email us today for details 


 












诶, 你好. 
怎么称呼？
 
  





 
          
welcome to
            
            -----chiangmai,
            
            thailand's  foreign / thai real estate company offering you real estate services all over
            
            thailand 















  
 


 
 

 

 






want that house or condo to retire
                    
                    in, look no further. we help you lease, rent or buy houses, land, businesses or condo complexes
                    
                    at the price you want to spend and make sure your
                    
                    contract is made the way you want it. we have
                    
                    teamed up with  a complete service advertising package & 2 top law offices in
                    
                  bangkok & chiangmai for the delicate work. we work throughout thailand in from phuket, rayong, pattaya, bangkok, chiangmai, chiangrai & ne whatever one wishes to purchase even boi--board of investment 




 

 


what we offer
	      
        :

 







    free advice line






   company setup and complete
	              
	              law services






   ongoing service that no one else provides







   
	              
	              house inspection &
	              
	              maintenance reports









     title searches on every sale & total honesty 




    utility setup to assist you
	              
	              & no hidden costs






    total
	              
	              security for your household & the best of all






    foreign consultant working
	              
	              with our thai law office






    bangkok- thailand real estate
	              
	              brokers assoc member






    buy off us and we help you
	              
	              secure your property




    secure your yellow book & assist in complete ownership



 



 




please email us anytime for free help & law services 
email us today for details 

 
我们再联络吧
[ commission for buyers & sellers ]  [ foreign retirees helpline  ]
                      
                    [ forming a company etc  ]              
  


 
 


 
whether it is
	      
	        buying, selling, renting
	        
	        or leasing all
	      
	      kinds of properties, businesses,
	      
	      land and condominiums right to commercial properties, we have something for you
	      
	      including our own thai lawyer.offer full law
	      
	      services from chiangmai to bangkok to phuket. 
 
 






company

indemnity: our company does not conduct conveyancy of property sales, title

searches and lease agreements as we use our law office to do these. if you do

not have a lawyer then we can advise you & recommend one. all conveyancy

procedures in thailand should be conducted by a qualified law office and we do

not advise you to use any of our company staff nor others to assist you even

though you feel they may cut corners for you or save you money. our company is

not responsible other than assisting clients to purchase, sell, rent or lease

& we will not be held responsible or accountable. feel free to ring us if

you have a problem & require advise about our services or you are not sure

what you are signing: ask to speak to our manager:


    bangkok@pobox.com    

copyright © 2001              


