


	ferti-lome | hi-yield | natural guard | garden and lawn care solutions






















































toggle navigation














home
products
help center
 site search
















 find a dealer









toggle navigation












products
            

fertilome*new productsaerosolsfungicideshouse plant productsinsecticidesmiscellaneous productsplant foodsplant foods w/weed killersrepellentssprayers/spreadersweed killershi-yield*new productsfertilizersfungicidesinsecticidesmiscellaneous productsweed killersnatural guard*new productsfungicidesherbicidesinsecticidesplant foodsrepellentssoil amendmentsomri listed


help center






new houseplant insecticidessystemic insect granules and insecticidal soap see new products spray goodbye to bugs!new bug blaster lambda-cyhalothrin 0.5%check it outcome and get it! now serving the last meal for slugs, snails and ants!learn more making mighty houseplants! introducing houseplant herolearn more we're home grown!proudly made in america for american lawns and gardensmake your yard a weed-free zonethe ferti•lome weed-free zone family of products is your go-to weed killer in our product line.read moreall-purpose water soluble plant food 20-20-20promotes large blooms and healthy, full foliage.
 ideal for all potted plants including succulents!read moreget the dirt on healthy soilfast acting lime and fast acting gypsum are designed to start working immediately to improve your soil conditions.learn more!giving green thumbs a hand since 1968our brands have proudly served independent merchants for over 50 years.now omri listed!we are continuing to expand our natural product offerings so that everyone can feel good about their lawn and garden choices. 
more omri listed products are coming soon!omri listed products
browse fungicidesfrom anthracnose to zonate leaf spot, find a fungicide for that.browse all fungicidesbrowse insecticidesgot bugs? we got solutions! liquids, granular, aerosols and more.browse all insecticidesbrowse herbicidesidentify the weeds that you have and learn which products to use to treat them.browse all herbicidesbrowse fertilizersfertilizers with and without herbicides, water solubles and soil amendments.browse all fertilizers
browse fungicidesfrom anthracnose to zonate leaf spot, find a fungicide for that.browse all fungicidesbrowse insecticidesgot bugs? we got solutions! liquids, granular, aerosols and more.browse all insecticidesbrowse herbicidesidentify the weeds that you have and learn which products to use to treat them.browse all herbicidesbrowse fertilizersfertilizers with and without herbicides, water solubles and soil amendments.browse all fertilizers




the new ferti•lome® "green label" is dedicated to making products that allow all homeowners to feel good about their lawn and garden choices.


omri listed for organic use and safe to use around your family and pets. 





see more






local solutions for local problems®insecticides | fungicides | herbicides | fertilizers





over half a century of total solutions 
home | lawn | garden | farm



















root stimulator & plant starter 
develops more and hardier roots! use with everything you plant or transplant to reduce shock and promote greener, more vigorous foliage.

                


weed preventer 
is crabgrass taking over? weeds can rob lawns and gardens of vital nutrients and affect your harvest. selecting a crabgrass preventer can be overwhelming so let us help determine which one is right for you.  



lawn care guide
make your lawn the envy of the neighborhood! check out our lawn care guide for information on the best ways to treat your lawn all year 'round. 

                


hi-yield® killzalltm
hi-yield® killzalltm is a line of non-selective weed and grass killer products with multiple uses and formulations. which killzalltm is right for you? 





hi-yield® additives

use additives basal oil, crop oil concentrate and super marking dye to make your product go farther read more.
 
 
 
 


homegrown tomatoes

one of life's greatest pleasures is biting in to one of your own homegrown juicy tomatoes. learn how to get the best from your tomato garden! read more.
 
 
 


put more power in your flowers 

with water soluble fertilizers. read more.































contact us    


 dealer portal



 
                            copyright © 2025 voluntary purchasing groups. all rights reserved.
                        
























