








reign of kings - home




























































scroll




homegame infomediawallpapercontact us































 
 








homegame infomediawallpapercontact us
























































it's good to be the king
claim the throne for yourself, and establish your dominance over the realm. the king is dead, long live the king!


 





 







































tweets by @@reignofkingsg
 



















											reign of kings (rok)									



you must struggle to survive in a harsh medieval world.  in order to do this, you must hunt wildlife, mine resources, build structures, and craft weapons and armor in order to protect yourself. you may form a guild, bring war to all opposition, and try to seize the throne and become king!
in reign of kings we allow you to collect resources and craft a wide variety of items needed to build a vast and powerful kingdom. we were primarily inspired by rust & chivalry in the development of this game.
in addition to standard resources, you may compete over the ancient throne which resides in a throne room which overlooks the island. all players who are not part of the king's guild are taxed on the resources they collect.
the development of a melee combat system adds a gritty and visceral feeling to reign of kings that will allow players to become deeply immersed in a realistic and intense medieval survival experience.
the world itself is designed to inspire competition and struggles for power.  resource locations strategically spread throughout the game will create inequity and envy.  players will have the ability to make war, or even capture and hold other players in order to get what they want.  each player will have the power to decide the fate of the kingdom, or choose to entirely forego the responsibility of ruling the kingdom and roam the land as a freeman.










product information:




reign of kings (rok) release out now on steam!

 





system requirements:




minimum:


os: 64-bit windows 7 or 64-bit windows 8 (8.1)
processor: intel cpu core i5-2500k / amd cpu phenom ii x4 970
memory: 6 gb ram
graphics: nvidia gpu geforce gtx 470 1gb / amd hd 5800 1gb
directx®: version 9.0c
network: broadband internet connection
hard drive: 2 gb available space



recommended:


os: 64-bit windows 7 or 64-bit windows 8 (8.1)
processor: intel cpu core i7 3770 / amd cpu amd fx-8350
memory: 8 gb ram
graphics: nvidia gpu geforce gtx 580 gtx 2gb / radeon hd 7870 2gb
directx®: version 9.0c
network: broadband internet connection
hard drive: 2 gb available space



 

 


 
























capture
capture players with rope and or iron shackles. 



delimbing & decapitation
get in a few good blows and your opponent won’t have a leg to stand on. 



execute
make an example of rebel scum and send them to the gallows. 



building
create your kingdom stone by stone using a variety of items and building materials. 



crafting
craft a large variety of weapons, armor, building materials and items. 



melee & ranged combat
enjoy satisfying fast-passed action when engaging in mortal combat. 



customize your character
be recognized by creating a unique character. 



loot
find high-end loot in the plagued village or on the plagued villagers. 



siege equipment
use siege equipment to gain entry into enemy bases. 



take the throne
fight for the throne to become king and fight to defend it. 





 



 












        capture    
players can be subdued and captured by fellow players.  once shackled the prisoner is at the mercy of his captor unless they hid a sharp stone in their orifice. they could use this to try and escape capture.  a prisoner can be dealt with in many ways, such as being thrown into stocks for public humiliation,  imprisoned in a cage or cell to be dealt with later, executed by decapitation in the guillotine or hung by the neck in the gallows.
 


 





        crafting & building    
mine resources in order to craft workstations, weapons, armor and items. build a shelter for your protection and to hoard the resources you need to insure your survival.  construct a production & refining station to craft higher tier items.  erect collection stations to create water and food passively.
 


 





        multiplayer    


play with your friends online in a fully immersive medieval survival experience. join a guild and work together or take what you need by raiding and looting.   challenge the throne and take it for your own.  the world is what you make it.  your only goal is to survive and you determine the lengths you are willing to go to live another day.
 


 








homegame infomediacontact us



(c) 2016 reign of kings - code}{atch






