




lasergraphics motion picture film scanners








products



products
support
contact
about







director



scanstation



archivist


news   notable films   notable customers


feature comparison



feature
director
scanstation
archivist



color capture methodsequential rgb+infraredbayer patternbayer pattern
scanning resolution13.5k or 6.5k6.5k5k
maximum resolution for 8mmyesyesno
damaged and warped film scanningbestgoodgood
max scanning speed for b&w (fps)106030
max scanning speed for color (fps)7.56030
imax and vistavisionyesyesno
65/70mm 5-perf and 35mm/super 35mmyesyesno
single-pass color and b&w hdr2 and 3-flash2-flash2-flash
infrared dust/scratch detection/reductionyesnono
optical soundtrack extraction from scanned imageyesyesyes
optical keykode readeryesyesno
magnetic soundtrack readernoyesyes
jpeg 2000 and ffv1 encoding new!yesyesyes
built-in editing table w/light boxesnoyesno
free standingyesyesno




lasergraphics in the news



long-lost lincoln film found


a copy of “the heart of lincoln”, a 1915 film thought to be lost forever, was found by an intern sifting through donated reels and scanned with the lasergraphics scanstation so modern audiences can again enjoy this newly discovered treasure.
february 5, 2025



15th tcm classic film festival


the 15th tcm classic film festival will screen the world premiere restorations of north by northwest and the searchers in vistavision, as well as several other films scanned on lasergraphics film scanners including chinatown, grand hotel, lawrence of arabia, on the waterfront, pulp fiction, and rear window.
april 18-24, 2024



los alamos national laboratory


the national security research center at los alamos national laboratory utilizes the director to preserve the most important scientific and legacy films to support the laboratory's mission of enhancing national security.
reference:virtual tour of the nsrc digitization facilities and capabilities
february 28, 2024



winner: best restored film


ohikkoshi (moving) was awarded best restored film at the venice biennial international film festival. the 1993 film was scanned on a lasergraphics scanstation at the qooop post production studio in japan.
09-sep-2023



preserving the experimental films of narcisa hirsch


narcisa hirsch was a pioneering experimental filmmaker in argentina who started working in the 1970s with delicate mediums such as super8 and 16mm film. the filmoteca narcisa hirsch, which was established to safeguard her films, is working with the usc digital repository to digitize and preserve hirsch's films for a new generation of filmmakers to learn from.  hirsch's films were scanned using the lasergraphics archivist.
26-jul-2023



4k restoration of raging bull to be released in cinemas


created from the 35mm original camera negative, the 4k resolution version of the movie was recreated on a lasergraphics director film scanner, with the soundtrack also being remastered.
28-mar-2023



martin scorseseon the importance of film restoration


concerned that the legacy of cinema was vanishing because of the instability of film stocks, martin scorsese, joined by other leading filmmakers, started a foundation to preserve motion pictures for future generations, including restoring classics in danger of disappearing forever. many of these films were recently re-scanned using lasergraphics film scanners.
12-mar-2023



periscope film rescues thousands of historic films from destruction


periscope film owners just released a mini-documentary about the rescue of a large collection of old 16 mm celluloid films from the landfill. films are digitized at 4k resolution using a lasergraphics scanstation archival quality film scanner, and then the restoration fun begins.
24-feb-2023



casablanca scanned in 4k with lasergraphics director 10kat warner bros.


since the introduction of 4k uhd blu-ray in 2016, studios have been giving their most celebrated titles renewed life by rescanning a film with enhanced 4k resolution, new high dynamic range (hdr) color grades, and even remastered audio. casablanca was recently restored by burbank's warner bros. motion picture imaging using the lasergraphics director film scanner.
31-jan-2023



how a 100-year-old animated filmis restored!


fabulous fleischer cartoons restored is on a mission to restore the films of max fleischer from original prints and negatives. the team and restoration expert steve stanchfield at blackhawk films, a film scanning facility in southern california, explains the restoration process using lasergraphics film scanners.
15-dec-2022



malcolm x – the criterion collection


this new digital transfer was created in 4k 16-bit resolution on a lasergraphics film scanner from the 35 mm original camera negative. while warner bros. has treated malcolm x well over the years, criterion's 4k transfer is pretty spectacular.
20-nov-2022



park road post goes 10kwith lasergraphics


“two of the key benefits with film are its resolution and its dynamic range. once we have that in the digital realm, we can then manipulate it to achieve the best result, but first we need to be able to capture the image from film at the best possible quality and this is where we found the director from lasergraphics excelled.”
ian bidgood, director of engineeringpark road post production26-feb-2020



mpi restores the wizard of oz in 4k hdr


the classic victor fleming-directed film the wizard of oz, which was released by mgm in 1939 and won two of its six academy award nominations, has been beautifully restored by burbank’s warner bros. motion picture imaging using the lasergraphics director film scanner.
11-feb-2020


press release and news archive


notable films scanned using lasergraphics film scanners



citizen kane



the godfather



casablanca



raging bull



singin' in the rain



the wizard of oz



the searchers



2001: a space odyssey



some like it hot



midnight cowboy



north by northwest



a clockwork orange



the shawshank redemption



the apartment



ben-hur



cool hand luke



before sunrise



before sunset



rebecca



the fugitive



to be or not to be



rebel without a cause



little shop of horrors



full metal jacket



barry lyndon



enter the dragon



mildred pierce



east of eden



thelma & louise



ocean's eleven



the shining



mad max beyond thunderdome



harry potter and the sorcerer's stone



batman



the andromeda strain



rocky v


movies and tv shot on film and scanned using lasergraphics film scanners


notable customers




























































© lasergraphics, inc.









