 

mba - masters of business administration - wcu of pa




























skip to main content of page







requestinfo
visitcampus
applynow
givetoday


menu




search the wcu website





main search
search wcu

















academics
admissions
student life
athletics
arts
faculty/staff
alumni
give









master of business administration 






contact us at master of business administration






home
curriculum
schedule
admissions
tuition and fees
student experience
student and alumni resources






mba @ wcu
take your career to the next level with a master of business administration from west
                                    chester university! we've frozen tuition for the last six years. we've been offering
                                    online programming for a decade. we've been nationally ranked since 2016. our faculty
                                    have been teaching online classes since before the turn of the century. our dynamic
                                    curriculum prepares you for a rapidly changing world. we are here for you - and we
                                    know what works.
applications for summer and fall 2025 are now open. apply now for preferential course selections
                                    for upcoming semesters. request more information from the master of business administration (mba) program. 





we are accredited by aacsb international - the premier global accrediting body for business schools. "aacsb accreditation represents the highest standard of achievement for business schools worldwide. less
                                          than 5% of the world's 13,000 business programs have earned aacsb accreditation. aacsb-accredited
                                          schools produce graduates that are highly skilled and more desirable to employers
                                          than other non-accredited schools."



we are ranked in the top #100 in u.s. news and world report's rankings of the best online mba programs for 2025.
                                          "these are the best online master's degree programs in business administration, based on factors such as admissions selectivity, reputation for excellence among
                                          peer institutions and academic and career support services offered to students."




frozen
tuitionfor 2019-2025*
our tuition rates have been frozen for six years in a row - through 2024-2025.  we are committed to
                                          delivering value to our students.  we are one of the best educational values in pennsylvania
                                          and throughout the united states. 


22k
estimatedinvestment*
your entire degree is estimated to cost less than $22,000, including tuition, fees,
                                          and allowances for book and graduation expenses.

  
100%
online 
your entire degree is delivered in a 100% online class format.  you can take one course
                                          at time, part time, and graduate in less than two years!   many students complete
                                          their entire degree online in less than one year as a full time student.  you never
                                          need to come to campus.


24/7
on your time,anytime
our online courses are asynchronous, which means that there are weekly deadlines and
                                          examination windows, but generally no other set time that you need to log into the
                                          course. this means that you can complete your classwork on your weekly schedule –
                                          around your work and family commitments. 







mbaquick links
curriculum
schedule
admissions
tuition and fees
student experience
student and alumni resources





 

 



mba related certificates
program learning outcomes





west chester university offers several other graduate programs related to our mba
                                             program that may relate to your interests and professional career goals. consider
                                             adding a graduate certificate to your plan of study to set yourself apart from the
                                             rest.
applied statistics, graduate certificate in
business ethics, graduate certificate in
computer security (information systems), graduate certificate in
digital media marketing, graduate certificate in
education for sustainability, graduate certificate in
geographic information systems, graduate certificate in
health care management, graduate certificate in
human resource management, graduate certificate in
information technology, graduate certificate in
nonprofit administration, graduate certificate in
public administration, graduate certificate in
public management, graduate certificate in
sport management and athletics, graduate certificate in
urban and regional planning, graduate certificate in
web technology, graduate certificate in


the wcu mba seeks to develop students into leaders ready to tackle the challenges
                                             of today’s rapidly changing global business environment. this is accomplished through
                                             the following learning goals and objectives.
business knowledge – our graduates will analyze advanced discipline-specific business knowledge. our
                                             students will assess and evaluate advanced discipline-specific concepts in marketing,
                                             management, finance, economics and accounting.
critical thinking - our graduates will incorporate critical thinking to make sound business decisions.
                                             our students will integrate and combine advanced business concepts across disciplines
                                             to solve business problems.
quantitative reasoning - our graduates will evaluate, select and apply advanced quantitative methods and
                                             business analytics to solve problems. our graduates will interpret and compare advanced
                                             quantitative methods and business analytics to analyze business problems.
ethical mindset - our graduates will model ethical leadership in their organizations. our graduates
                                             will detect and distinguish advanced leadership, legal and ethical challenges and
                                             develop the ability to devise appropriate solutions.




 


mba @ wcu


apply now


contact mba


 

 
 















go to the wcu facebook page






















go to the wcu x page





go to the wcu youtube page





go to the wcu instagram page











				west chester university
				700 south high street
				west chester, pa 19383
			
610-436-1000



campus map
wcu alert text messaging
wcu weather
emergency services
facilities news & reports
penndot high street updates




right to know requests
hea student consumer
fraud, waste, & abuse
pa whistleblower law (pdf)
non-discrimination statement (pdf)




				west chester university
				700 south high street
				west chester, pa 19383
			
610-436-1000



				© west chester university
			
last updated:





  








back to top of page.





close



health notices
academics
admissions
student life
athletics
arts
faculty/staff
alumni
departments
request info
visit campus
apply now
give today
webmail
mywcu
ramportal
d2l
navigate







last updated 2/14/25

