




  






home - belle glade chamber of commerce, fl





















 









































go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events















































member login









contact us




















 toggle navigation   

















go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events















































member login









contact us














home

directory/map

member directory
directory map



chamber

board of directors
staff & volunteers
contact us
newsletters



member center

member application
membership benefits
sponsorship opportunities
member spotlight
member login



visitor center

our history
lodging
shopping
dining
real estate
places of worship
map
weather
information requests



events

calendar
events list
local events



leadership glades

home
about us
advisory board
 class schedule
 class alumni
alumni store


store
join today!

































                                                    belle glade.
                                                

                                                    from our beautiful sunsets…
                                                










                                                    belle glade
                                                

                                                    and our exotic wildlife...
                                                










                                                    belle glade
                                                

                                                    to our abundant agriculture…
                                                










                                                    belle glade
                                                

                                                    we’re ready for business.
                                                
























welcome to the belle glade chamber of commerce!
since 1938, the belle glade chamber has promoted businesses, community, and quality of life in the glades area. located on the southern shores of beautiful lake okeechobee, belle glade is a great place to find a more relaxing lifestyle where fishing, farming, and friendly people are in abundance. belle glade welcomes you to avoid the hassles of metropolitan city life and come grow with us … we’re ready for business!












directory







jobs







news 







 spotlight




























mark your calendar



every day is beautiful in green valley
with a wide variety of events and opportunities, green valley has something to offer everyone. celebrate the fun of the minnesota state fair with us each summer. enjoy a scenic stroll through our many parks or play a round of golf at one of our three courses. have your picture taken with the world’s largest owl and marvel at all the beautiful outdoor murals throughout the town.

our community offers a thriving economy, superb schools, traditional values, faith and fellowship, helpful services, and many entertainment options. green valley is truly the ideal place for new ventures and new growth because every day is abeautiful day.














view all events »












































learn more


















the chamber




located on the southern shores of beautiful lake okeechobee, belle glade is a great place to find a more relaxing lifestyle where fishing, farming, and friendly people are in abundance.
membership application »















leadership glades




leadership glades is an exciting program designed to prepare potential leaders to meet the challenges facing the glades area. learn more about this powerful program that has been developing leaders since 1991.
leadership glades program>>















belle glade




belle glade is the largest city within the 2,862,000 acre subtropical everglades in the heartland of florida. originally known as hillsboro, belle glade was incorporated in 1928 with a population of 500 people.
our history »





































newsletter sign-up




stay updated on recent events, news, happenings and business.

















view newsletters












 
 






welcome new members







 

































































































empowering and informing so together we can achieve more.








































 belle glade chamber of commerce

  540 s. main st., belle glade, fl 33430

  561. 996.2745

  info@bellegladechamber.com






































© copyright 2025 belle glade chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.


















 


