









energy arts | learn tai chi, qigong and meditation




































































































 










about

welcome
about bruce
faq
forums archive


blog
practices

tai chi
qigong
meditation
martial arts (bagua/hsingi)


colorado classes
events

workshops
instructor training
summer events
weekly classes
all classes and workshops


store
instructors
login
 





select page


  
 



 



 










registration open for a limited time

energy arts live


a monthly membership program offering in-person and live-stream weekly classes in qigong, tai chi, bagua, and meditation 

with master bruce frantzis and senior instructors

enrollment now open!







access 3 free reports: secrets of tai chi, 30 days to better breathing, and dragon & tiger qigong:



name
email





























daoist energy arts for modern times







tai chi





qigong





meditation





martial arts







testimonials






“thank you for all for the training! it has been a revelation to me. i’m a slow learner and was relieved that you expect people to take their time and move slow. now that i have an approximation of the moves i shall go over and over the lessons, and i’m grateful. so far they have had the effect of slowing me down considerably, which is good as i am a rather restless character, but i suspect that the real benefit of the energy side of the work is yet to come. the course is first-class. you don’t assume we know more than we do, which is the trouble with so much teaching and why so often people give up at an early stage-me anyway! again thank you all. this is a good way to learn.”
–joan h., england








“i had been suffering from steadily worsening tmj for about 2 years,and was nearly ready to get it clinically treated. i enrolled in thegods playing in the clouds qigong mastery course in early 2019, andmade a diligent, daily practice of it. my tmj improved rapidly, andafter a little more than a year was completely gone. i highlyrecommend this set to both beginning and advanced qigong students”
– matthew l., new york city, ny








“this course is unparalleled in the complete method of teaching. having played qigong for many years now, i found it a bit slow at first, but as with any good instruction, there are always new things to pick up or new ways of looking at old material. thanks for the time and attention to detail of all those involved in practice, instruction and production of this course. it really makes good use of the internet and opens some new doors for those of us who don’t have many local resources or the ability to travel for classes.”
–kyri c.








“i have been practising tai chi and qigong for many years and it has been the love of my life since i started. this work is deeply transformational on many levels and once i started training with bruce and some of his energy arts teachers, i entered a world of the real internal energetics of this practise.”
–bernie p., uk








“i am so happy to have discovered these beautiful people in energy arts. i discovered this site by luck and chance. i am a meditator practicing meditations for a long time, almost a decade i should say.  energy arts material and methodology of delivering the modules are outstanding, and are of high standard and caliber. i am simply overflowing with energy and focused thinking due to their energy and clarity of teachings. thank you for enriching my life.”
– sundar r., india, meditation facilitator, yoga instructor, tai chi practitioner








“the team has done a great job leading me through the intricacies of dragon and tiger qi gong. i am going to make this my main practice as i am beginning to ‘sense’ that my qi is circulating. thanks.”
–chris r., germany








“thanks again to all of you, especially to bruce frantzis. online might not be the only way or the best way, but it certainly has worked for me, especially because bruce is not just a taoist master, he’s a master teacher as well. having taught humans and canines, i know that’s not easy.”
– arthur l., cold spring, ny












check out our latest blog posts






weaving neigong in heaven and earth qigong
by paulcavel | qigongby paul cavel the many threads and layers of neigong that can be activated and integrated in the marriage of heaven and earth qigong gives...
read more



state of the dao 2025: year of the wood snake
by bruce frantzis | state of the taowhile the dao transcends space and time, the world around us is always in flux. each year brings its own energies, and we can harness them to grow...
read more



seven approaches to tai chi: the different purposes and benefits of tai chi
by bruce frantzis | uncategorizedlearn 
read more





view all blog posts







watch our exclusive videos

























view more







explore our best-selling programs























view all programs







certified instructors around the world











help us preserve and protect tibetan wisdom traditions
in an effort to keep tibetan spiritual wisdom alive and well within our greater global community, energy arts has been actively helping two organizations to raise funds for and support tibetan culture, community, and buddhist traditions. there are two main locations that need your assistance. the first is in india where tibetan refugee children, nuns, and the elderly are supported and educated (holy caves of padmasambhava fund). the second is deep in inner tibet where orphans are being raised and educated at a buddhist monastery (kathok shedrup ling).

click here to donate today



supported tibetan nuns from tso pema (rewalsar),  india







help us preserve and protect tibetan wisdom traditions
 in an effort to keep tibetan spiritual wisdom alive and well within our greater global community, energy arts has been actively helping two organizations to raise funds for and support tibetan culture, community, and buddhist traditions. there are two main locations that need your assistance. the first is in india where tibetan refugee children, nuns, and the elderly are supported and educated (holy caves of padmasambhava fund). the second is deep in inner tibet where orphans are being raised and educated at a buddhist monastery (kathok shedrup ling). 

click here to donate today







supported tibetan nuns from tso pema (rewalsar),  india



 








customer support for orders or customer support please contact us between the hours of 10:00am–6:00pm mountain time, tue-sat
you can also visit our faq and technical manual for help.

contact us tel: (530) 454-5243
email: support@energyarts.com
energy arts training center, 1602 9th ave, longmont, co 80501

connect with usfacebook
twitter
instagram
pinterest 
youtube

tiktokpartners 

 






facebook




twitter


© 2024 energy arts all rights reserved            
          about  |  practices  |  instructors  |  events  |  products  |  blog  |  sitemap           terms of use & privacy policy 










pin it on pinterest


 


change location
to find awesome listings near you!





















































