


kit manufactured homes, okanogan county, eastern washington









 

 
 
 


 
 








s & h  
manufactured homes







s & h manufactured homes has been providing families in northeastern washington state with quality, affordable housing for over 20 years. in our effort to always bring our customers the top in, quality, design, and value we are proud to announce that we are featuring  kit home builders west manufactured homes. kit homes are top quality manufactured homes with features usually only found in custom built homes.  with floor plans starting at 950sq ft. up to 3000 sq ft, and custom touches like high flat ceilings, granite counter tops and flipped floor plan layouts, you can have a quality custom manufactured home that fits your lifestyle.







 




s & h homes is now your local dealer for  kit home builders west manufactured homes 




kit home builders west, llc shares the same values as we do, quality, integrity,and a commitment to customer service, during and after the sale. providing the best home value dollar for dollar, kit home builders west is an idaho-based company made up of team members committed to building high value manufactured homes. kit manufactured homes offer  high quality manufactured and modular homes, with many standard features not found in housing today. visit our lot in okanogan and see for yourself the beauty of a kit manufactured home. 





 check out our kit manufactured homes & find  your "dream home"visit kit's factory website or click on the series links below to see floor plans and interior and exterior pictures


cedar canyon 960  to 2242 sq ft 
golden state1645  to 2735 sq ft
marquis manor 2079 to 2797 sq ft
stonebridgemountain cabin  1600 to 2323 sq ft
pinehurst  1174 to 1867 sq ft
cottage & cedar canyon single wides  587 to 1178 sq ft






when buying a kit manufactured home from s&h homes
you get an energy efficient  energy star® qualified homekit home builders is
committed to providing
the most energy
efficient and
comfortable home to
our homeowners. we
do this by making
energy star a
standard feature in all of
our manufactured
homes allowing you to
enjoy significantly lower
heating and cooling bills
at no additional cost.if you are considering investing in a home, either manufactured or a site built, we invite you to compare "dollar for dollar", feature to feature. today's kit manufactured homes come out on top!









 













here at s & h manufactured homes our reputation for customer satisfaction is important to us! we have a professional and friendly service crew, and our after sale service is handled in house.... we won't forget you after the sale,  and we will be around to honor that commitment in the years to come, you can depend on us! we provide set-up and delivery through-out okanogan county, ferry county, douglas county and the methow valley. we have financing available for manufactured homes. when purchasing  a kit manufactured home, from s & h manufactured homes, our commitment to customer satisfaction is there for you. 
				we are family owned and operated.  no commissioned sales-people means low pressure no hassle buying. you get to look, ask questions, pick what you want and you won't be pressured to lock into a deal until your ready. after 25 years of serving okanogan county  we know the area and the weather conditions that's why at s&h some of the standard features in our price are extras at other places. we want you to have a home that will withstand the weather condition and a home you will be happy with. if you are from the area or moving here please give s&h a chance to show you our beautiful kit homes in a relaxed family atmosphere.
			





when you are looking for "a place to call home",stop in and see the beautiful kit manufactured homes  on our lot today. contact us.email us: shhomes@communitynet.org  
phone: 509-422-4142          fax: 509-422-1012  
s & h  
manufactured homes
2112 elmway
okanogan, washington 98840	  






 home  |  contact us - map   |   site map 

information you need to know when buying a kit manufactured home
 products and features kit manufactured homes 
 financing and construction steps  for your new manufactured home 
 kit homes are an energy efficient energy star home	   
a look inside -  kit doublewide and triple wide manufactured homes
 interior kitchen cabinets options, bath options, doors and trims 
exterior doors and dormers, colors and styles


s&h manufactured homes is accredited as meeting bbbonline standards






 




copyright© 2002-2017 s & h manufactured homes inc. site design and hosting by: fcmwebdesigns.com


 


