



















 











rhonda goes to bali
oct 15th,  28 comments



rhonda flies into bali and becomes romantically entangled with cabana boy ketut.                                                read more →





 

foreign correspondents in indonesia
jul 1st, 159 comments


dc guy on what foreign correspondents are not telling you about indonesia, and employment prospects for westerners in asia.






flying with wings air
oct 23rd,  via mau ke mana, 5 comments


taking off with indonesia’s biggest regional airline, wings air.






the amazing bull race
oct 23rd, 5 comments


‘the amazing race’ visits a different “running of the bulls” in madura, east java.






north sumatra & aceh tour
oct 15th,  via mau ke mana, 1 comment


15 days of being up close and personal with the people and culture of north sumatra and aceh.






the dutch-indonesian conflict 1945-49 – attention for the other side
jul 19th, 12 comments


reopening inquiries into what actually happened during the police actions of 1945-49.






“beautiful bali” tour
sep 30th,  via mau ke mana, 7 comments


enjoy a 9 day tour of “beautiful bali“ a little off the beaten track, exploring inland and north bali.






bali raw: an exposé of the underbelly of greater kuta
jun 27th, 32 comments


a good bloke in greater kuta; a review of the book “bali raw: an expose of the underbelly of bali, indonesia”.






kiwis can’t fly in indonesia
sep 26th,  via mau ke mana, no comments


kiwis ask the indonesian ambassador why his country’s domestic flights cannot be booked online.






political party corruption rates
jun 14th, 20 comments


the most corrupt parties, political corruption rates: sby says partai demokrat is far from the worst.






kal-star raises the bar
sep 8th,  via mau ke mana, 3 comments


indonesian regional airline, kal-star, improves its standards.






marijuana queen clemency
jun 4th, 10 comments


grumblings about the frequent and now large remissions for marijuana queen schapelle corby.






indonesian train e-tickets
aug 23rd,  via mau ke mana, 12 comments


online booking and e-ticketing introduced for indonesian trains.






online shopping, offline payment
may 26th, 8 comments


indonesians embrace online shopping, with some reservations.






sleepless in soekarno-hatta airport
aug 16th,  via mau ke mana, 20 comments


so little to do, so much time – hints and tips for visitors transiting jakarta airport in the middle of the night.






gaga no go
may 17th, 52 comments


lady gaga banned from jakarta, unlike similar “controversial” performers.






time for a change?
jul 26th,  via mau ke mana, 7 comments


indonesia to move to one time zone, starting 28 october 2012.






older posts →





recent commentskim cordell on barry soetorolouis on syech puji, pujiono cahyo & underage..dekyffe on royal doultoncharles on barry soetorohelmut on surabaya girlssimoneb on royal doultontim tomlinson on surabaya johnnymimi anzel on duncan graham in indonesiadaryl traster on voodoo spellumi on how to get a bule man..




home
about
travel
hotels


 
 
 


   







		copyright indonesia matters 2006-2023
privacy policy | terms of use | contact












