









running wild catering | catering | event services















































please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility









home
about

catering policies
news and events
admirers


menu
2025 lunch specials
bar service
events

events
wedding displays
event venues
event displays
2016 events


i do’s
contact
 













we love catering
let’s make your next event legendary together.
book today













about us
we are a full service caterer who can’t wait to help you create a special menu that has been customized to suit your desires and needs. we serve abundant elegant portions of all your favorite foods. 
whether it is for your wedding, rehearsal dinner, corporate function, reunion, or just boxed lunches we offer foods that suit any palate.

learn more












say ‘i do’ to us!
congratulations on your engagement!

because your guests will spend more time at the reception than any other portion of the event, we would love the opportunity to sit down with you and discuss your ideas and expectations to create an event to remember.

our consultations and advice are always free.
book today

















meet the legends
we are a full service caterer specializing in eclectic and seasonal cuisine, served in abundant and elegant proportions.

yes please















look at all this food!
craving mexican or italian – we have that…along with barbeque, and some old fashioned comfort foods. we also offer salads and sandwiches if you are in the mood for something lighter. hamburgers and hot dogs are always a big hit during the summer months, we can cook them here and bring them to you.




view menu



















testimonials
share your experience with us by leaving a testimonial on the contact page form, we’d love to hear from you!




“i had the pleasure of meeting your staff saturday at a wedding at the oklahoma history center. they were professional and it was interesting watching them be so precise in placing the tablecloths for a perfect presentation. i wish i could have stayed to see the final set up. the menu sounded wonderful.”


                    lugene jones, vendor rave                



“everyone at our wedding loved the food and the servers were amazing! thank you so much for making my wedding day a success.”


                    cathy james, bride                



“their food is delicious, fun and always beautiful on any table. their staff is always hardworking and professional. we have worked together at events and many wedding shows and we always appreciate how delicious everything is and their food combinations are always spectacular!”


                    mary shumake, morrison floral co. & greenhouses okc                












3830 n. maney street
oklahoma city, ok 73112


405.942.0381 / 
															catering@runningwildcatering.com







 facebook  





 instagram  





 twitter  





 pinterest  








			©2025 running wild catering. all rights reserved. website designed & developed by back40 design.
			privacy policy













