     memphis cadillac dealer in memphis tn | bartlett germantown marion cadillac dealership tennessee                                                                        cadillac of memphis              sales 901-881-0177    service 901-881-0178  parts 901-761-1900      5433 poplar ave.memphis, tn 38119                                service        map        contact                          cadillac of memphis                    call 901-881-0177   directions                 new   new vehicles   buy online   model research   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   onstar assistance	   2025 optiq   2025 cadillac escalade iq     pre-owned   pre-owned vehicles   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   find my car     service & parts   schedule service   service department   service & parts specials   tire finder   order parts   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   order parts online   gm accessories   service and parts financing   cadillac premium pick up and delivery     specials   new vehicle specials   new offers     finance    finance department   payment calculator   finance application   privacy policy     about us   our dealership   meet our staff   careers   hours & directions   contact us   career technicians                      new   new vehicles   buy online   model research   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   onstar assistance	   2025 optiq   2025 cadillac escalade iq     pre-owned   pre-owned vehicles   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   schedule test drive   trade appraisal   find my car     service & parts   schedule service   service department   service & parts specials   tire finder   order parts   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   order parts online   gm accessories   service and parts financing   cadillac premium pick up and delivery     specials   new vehicle specials   new offers     finance    finance department   payment calculator   finance application   privacy policy     about us   our dealership   meet our staff   careers   hours & directions   contact us   career technicians               


      important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                                         important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                                          


inventory search

    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         


      search new inventory     search used inventory        




financing






specials






service






trade



         explore the cadillac lineup  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.       ct4      ct5      xt4      xt5      xt6      escalade      escalade iq      lyriq      optiq      v-series    explore all new inventory   
     



2025 escalade
exciting, bold, iconic—move through the world in a vehicle befitting your status. in motion and at rest, escalade demands attention with exceptional physicality and magnificent design. witness as luxury transforms into legendary.
explore inventory








2025 escalade
exciting, bold, iconic—move through the world in a vehicle befitting your status. in motion and at rest, escalade demands attention with exceptional physicality and magnificent design. witness as luxury transforms into legendary.
explore inventory




      
       

take the next step
look forward to a powerful yet comfortable drive every time you sit behind the wheel.








schedule test drive







certified pre-owned








v-series luxury
join an elite class of passionate, performance-minded enthusiasts, and claim your piece of more than 70 years of legendary cadillac racing heritage.
explore v-series inventory

     



cadillac of memphismarion, ar dealer alternative

marion, ar and covington drivers can come to cadillac of memphis for a wide collection of new and used vehicles. we offer sales and assure you brilliant after-sales services for your vehicle. so, worry no more. drivers can rest assured that the qualified and experienced staff at cadillac of memphis will leave no opportunity to make sure that they leave our store absolutely pleased with our services. so, what are you waiting for? find driving directions on our hours and directions page. marion, ar and covington customers can drop by our memphis cadillac showroom today.

more about us







sales hours
    monday 8:00am - 7:00pm     tuesday 8:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 7:00pm    friday 8:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 7:00pm    sunday closed  lunch at noon -1pm  
visit us


5433 poplar ave., memphis, tn 38119


hours & directions






     

find your cadillac
explore all inventory

     


new and used vehicle dealership for bartlett, germantown, tn, and marion, ar drivers - cadillac of memphis





financing options for memphis, tn, horn lake, ms, and marion, ar cadillac customers


are covington, tn and marion, ar cadillac drivers looking for clear explanations when choosing a financing or leasing option through the dealer? do not worry. cadillac of memphis is the place for you. we have well-versed experts to give our customers some of the best car-financing and leasing rates for their vehicles. we offer a competitive program for memphis, tn, horn lake, ms, and marion, ar drivers to help them get the cadillac vehicle they love. please fill out the
online application form, and get started. we assure hernando, ms, covington, tn, and marion, ar cadillac drivers that they will get the best car buying experience at our cadillac dealership near memphis.


offering auto service and part center to marion, ar and horn lake, ms cadillac drivers in memphis


when searching for a part and
service department near germantown and bartlett, tn, rely on the trained and certified technicians at cadillac of memphis. they are always ready to help you understand your vehicle-related needs. for the highest quality cars near marion, ar, horn lake, ms, germantown, tn, and bartlett, stop by cadillac of memphis and meet our dedicated sales team for more information and great leasing offers today. marion, ar customers, our service department can be your one-stop shop for your cadillac vehicle. we will ensure that you will have a great experience with us. hernando, ms and marion, ar drivers visit our dealership and learn why cadillac customers prefer us for a vehicle purchase.




catering to hernando, ms and marion, ar cadillac drivers - certified pre-owned vehicles available at our dealership in memphis


as a certified pre-owned dealer, cadillac of memphis is proud to offer you a wide selection of vehicles. don't hesitate to contact us regarding financing options on any
new or
certified used car, crossover, or suv. take the drive up to memphis and see why bartlett, tn, horn lake, ms, and marion, ar cadillac owners choose us first when considering a car. 
 you can schedule an appointment with our staff by calling them, or better yet, use our
hours and directions to visit us. hernando, ms and marion, ar customers will see the difference in action as soon as they walk into our memphis cadillac dealership. our vehicles go through various quality checks before being put out for sale. for the best selection of new and used cars near bartlett, tn, horn lake, ms, and marion, ar our memphis cadillac dealership should be your first stop.

for your peace of mind

please be assured that we are undertaking the most robust measures and precautions to ensure the cleanliness and sanitation at our dealership continues at the highest levels. our unwavering commitment is to the safety of our employees and customers. we also offer the ability to purchase a vehicle completely from home, without coming to our dealership, and we'll deliver your vehicle to you. need service? we are happy to come pick up your vehicle, service it then return it to you. we are here for you.



    






inventory







new inventory


used inventory


special offers


schedule test drive








services







apply for financing


extended warranty


schedule service


order parts








more info







dealership info


contact us


meet our staff


careers






follow us


                      



                  copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | cadillac of memphis | 5433 poplar ave., memphis, tn 38119 | sales: 901-881-0177              
















                    