














mobility, activity, & participation (map) lab » college of public health and health professions » university of florida







































skip to main content





skip to main menu






uf health






      university of florida
      













        mobility, activity, & participation (map) lab
      



          college of public health and health professions
        










i-map is now i-dapt









open search







open main menu










main navigation




        home
                          - current page











        research
                              





        services
                              





show submenu for services




services overview








        find a ride florida
                              





        fitness-to-drive screening measure (ftds)
                              





        uf smartdriver rehab
                              







        scholarly activities
                              





show submenu for scholarly activities




scholarly activities overview








        peer reviewed publications
                              





        book chapters
                              





        reports
                              







        resources
                              





show submenu for resources




resources overview








        smart house
                              





        driving simulators
                              





        vehicles
                              





        media coverage
                              







        about us
                              
































              welcome to map lab!
            

              here you will find all the familiar activities of the mobility, activity, and participation lab. the institute for mobility, activity, and participation (i-map) has expanded and is now the institute for driving, activity, participation, and technology (i-dapt).
            



about map lab




visit i-dapt












funded research











            leaders in the field
          









learn about our research projects





        dr. classen attends launch of gainesville’s autonomous shuttle
        






















recent news












                        exploring the long-term effects of medical…
                          


published on january 22, 2025
          


          the study seeks to investigate how the long-term, daily use of medical marijuana affects the way people drive in adults 50 and older, those who are…
        


read story






















                        researchers to examine effects of fermented…
                          


published on november 26, 2024
          


          the new study is believed to be the first to investigate the use of a dietary supplement on driving performance.
        


read story






















                        dr. sherrilene classen receives an award of…
                          


published on october 14, 2024
          


          dr. classen has chaired the aded research committee from 2022-2024 and has received the award of excellence for her dedicated service to aded.
        


read story


















news in brief






automated vehicle technology may help keep people with parkinson’s…







congratulations isabelle wandenkolk on a successful dissertation defense







dr. sandra winter shared as an expert panelist during older driver safety…












all posts


















scholarly activities









            thursday, july 25, 2019
          

            autonomous cars: science, technology, and policy
          


          an event from the brookings institution, the mays innovation research center at texas a&m, and the transportation institute at the university of florida.
        






view full event info and videos





        dr. sherrilene classen was a panelist, along with other engineers, researchers, economists, and government officials, to provide a realistic outlook on the current state of driverless cars.
        









        play video
      














                        peer reviewed publications
                          




view our publications














                        book chapters
                          




view our book chapters














                        reports
                          




view our reports





























        mobility, activity, & participation (map) lab
      



          college of public health and health professions
        




utility links



occupational therapy home




i-dapt home




phhp home
















                  physical address
                

                                      1225 center drive                                      gainesville, fl 32611                                  








                  make a gift
                



giving opportunities







                social media
              






facebook







twitter







instagram







linkedin














university of florida health - home





university of florida - home







log in




website support




sitemap




disclaimer & permitted use




disability services




security policies




uf privacy policy




shands privacy policy




this page uses google analytics (google privacy policy)










      © 2025 university of florida health
    




















