















new york heating fuel information | empire state energy association










energy marketers working together for a better future
empire state energy association









menu





about


bioheat® fuel


energy assistance


industry training


realty professionals


consumers


contact us


for members


scholarship


find a dealer


associates


search



 














































find a
dealer











industry
training











energy
assistance











search our
website








welcome to the empire state energy association





welcome to eseany.org, your one-stop source for the latest consumer information and industry news concerning heating fuels in new york state.




if you're a heating fuel customer (or thinking of becoming one), feel free to explore the many benefits of today's bioheat® fuel ... find a premier bioheat® fuel dealer near you ... discover the reasons why full service companies offer you great value for your energy dollar ... learn quick and easy conservation tips to help you save energy and money, and more!
and if you're an energy marketer or industry supplier who is not yet a member of esea, this is the place to learn about who we are, what we do and how it can all benefit you when you become a member. we hope you join us soon!




















feel good about bioheat® fuel in upstate ny



how you choose to heat your home starts with cost and comfort, but in the end, it’s so much more. local energy companies across new york are now delivering bioheat® fuel to give their customers a renewable energy alternative that is still affordable and efficient. 
bioheat® fuel is a low-carbon liquid heating fuel that can be used in existing heating equipment without expensive conversions. it’s made from locally sourced agricultural byproducts, like soybean oil, that would otherwise go to waste. bioheat® fuel is renewable, produces fewer emissions, and supports local jobs. 
energy companies and their employees are working together to make sure bioheat® fuel is available for everyone, because they are committed to taking care of their communities. 
feel good about your fuel. visit betterwithbioheat.com to learn more.


































recommended programs


























affiliated organizations































additional resources






























 

2025 empire state energy association. all rights reserved. 250 jordan road | troy, ny 12180518-280-6645 | sitemap | privacy policy | site by primedia | oilheat-advertising












