





lundy family | dorothy and i would like to welcome you to our virtual home from the northland (savage, minnesota).






















































skip to content
 


 

menu


home
welcome
keep in touch
our family
our travels
family news
weather













lundy family welcome to our virtual home, thanks for stopping by…
ken & dorothy lundy
 welcome our family 








the lundy's welcome  




  
welcome
dorothy and i would like to welcome you
to our virtual home from the northland (savage, minnesota).





  
keep in touch
to keep up with family happenings, follow us on facebook:
ken’s page | dorothy’s page
here’s a link to our last family newsletter!
2023 christmas newsletter









social media & website links keep in touch 


our facebook pages & websites

ken lundy, sr. | lundyinnovtions.com (my consulting company)dorothy lundy | lundyadventures.com (our travel agent site)
ken’s family facebook pages & websites
ken lundy, jr. | lundyland.org (family website)rachel lundysara lundy | lundyland.com (sara’s artwork)ethan lundy
kevin’s family facebook pages
kevin lundykarina lundy
kristi’s family facebook pages
kristi grolla | grolla.org (family website)matt grolla






 

about us our family 




 

ken & dorothy
dorothy & i are both retired and enjoying life to the fullest.
we are proud parents and grandparents and enjoy traveling.
ken & dorothy lundy
savage, mn






 

ken jr’s family
ken jr. & his family live in farmington, mn.  ken (our oldest son), rachel (his wife), sara (his daughter) and ethan (his son).






 

kevin’s family
kevin & his family live in limeshain, germany.  elijah (his oldest son), karina (his wife), tristan (youngest son), kevin (our youngest son) & willow (his daughter).






 

kristi’s family
kristi & her family live in savage, mn.  kristi (our daughter), wesley (her son), matt (her husband).









where we have traveled and lived? our travels 
 




42

our travels: countries





47

our travels: usa states





12

cities lived in: dorothy





10

cities lived in: ken








what's happening family news can you help our dear willow? gofundme page
 







 



our dear willow 

willow and her family could use your help. we have also setup a gofundme page for anyone who would like to help with willow’s on-going care. please open this news article to use the gofundme link. our beautiful granddaughter willow, who is six years old, has a rare genetic brain defect (lissencephaly). although her body continues to grow, her brain development is frozen in time and will never develop beyond that of an infant. she is unable to control her head and limbs and is not capable of things we take for granted like swallowing, blowing her nose or even controlling her expressions. she also takes strong medications to control her violent epileptic seizures. our son (kevin) and his family are accepting the challenges god has bestowed on them, but it is hard. given willow requires constant care; her father had to give up his job as a carpenter to become her full time caregiver. the lack of salary is becoming a huge financial burden for the family; we as grandparents do what we can but the need is overwhelming. what makes it even more difficult is that our son and his family live in limeshain, germany; so being there to help with on-going care and transportation is not feasible. we are asking for your prayers! thanks in advance for your help with her on-going care!

















                                		copyright © 2025 lundy family		 – 
onepress theme by famethemes		            















