


the great debate: home page














 


home | 
	future events | 
	previous events | 
	people | 
	articles | 
	reviews |
	aboutus |
	contact |
	links












our facebook group
    










tgd vimeo channel
    










tgd schools programme
    










buy books from amazon
  










the great northern debate
    










etude project
    










gt northern youth voices
    










the great debate people
    



caspar hewett
   




mo lovatt
   




jon bryan
   




jackie scollen
   




jon pugh
   





hypods project
    










necter / rce north east
    










the leeds salon
    










videos
 




the art of reason
    










hands on or hands off?
    










plan it earth
    










the thirsty 10 billion
    










etude videos
 




	woe stand up
    










	woe bridge building demo
    










	woe debate 1
    










	woe debate 2
    










	the fracking great debate
    
















	rescuing our brownfield spaces
    










more videos
 



geoengineering the climate
    









decline and fool
    











    waking the dawn
   










    great north east youth
   






















	whatever happened to equality? interviews
    











	equality vs difference
     











	equality, equity and the dispossessed
    










school debate competition 
final 2011: nuclear power
    











	great northern youth voices
    











	infrastructure debate
    











	transport challenges
    











	the future of energy
    











	too many people?
    











	engineering the future
    











	facing the future  vox pops
    











	facing the future  interviews
    










	visions for the future of the city
    










	economic growth: bane or boon? porritt & ben-ami
    









limits to growth
    









food & water security
    









living in a changing world
    









getting real about energy
    









don't 
	shout at the telly north east 2009
    









flush it (10 min edit)
    









darwinism without darwinitis
    









human nature debate
    








science & human nature 
    










tgd 10th anniversary
    










buy books from amazon
  












 
 


 

main     
	 history     
	 projects     
	 more on this site   
	   
	 videos











 
the great debate 




forthcoming events







politics in pubs
	newcastle  

defence of free speech - no ifs, no buts!
 
7pm, thursday 27th february 2025 
	liberty house, 48 westgate road 
	newcastle upon tyne, ne1 1tt (near central station) 
	introduction by professor dennis hayes, founder and director, 
	academics for academic freedom (afaf) 






	most discussions of free speech start with the statement that free speech 'is not an 
	absolute'. dennis hayes, director of 
	academics for academic freedom, argues otherwise ... 
     













 
	attendance is free but booking is essential - please book your place here: 
	
	 www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/free-speech-no-ifs-no-buts-tickets-122214332658





politics in pubs
newcastle 

the assisted dying bill revisited
 
7pm, tuesday 11th march 2025 
	  the telegraph  orchard street 
	  newcastle upon tyne ne1 3ny 
	introduction by professor kevin yuill, author, 
	
assisted suicide: the humanist case against legalisation 






	in the shadow of the assisted dying bill and by popular request we revisit the 
	discussions surrounding assisted suicide pip newcastle first discussed 
	in august 2023 (see the right to die: 
	the ultimate civil right?).
     




	come and have your say over a pint or two. everyone welcome. 
click here for further details




the great debate @ european geosciences union general assembly 2025

science and activism - 
	   compatible or antithetical? 

	   april/may 2025 (date tbc), austria center vienna 
	   






	
	what should be the role of scientists in relation to issues such as climate change? 
	is it possible to balance the need for objectivity as a scientist and 
	pursuing activist agendas? does this compromising scientific integrity? this debate will 
	explore this tension in conversation between the audience and an 
	expert panel.
     








	   ice north east and the great debate present 



	    ice breaking dialogues



 
		the ice breaking dialogues are currently on hold and will resume 
		as soon as possible - watch this space! 
	  	












welcome to the great debate!
	the great debate is a not-for-profit community organisation dedicated to 
	maintaining a space for public discussion through
	courses, day schools, debates and workshops for the general public 
	on topics ranging from darwinism and human nature, to free speech and
	environmental thought. we are committed to education, discovering knowledge and 
	developing informed opinion through dialogue and research.
   

the great debate is organised by director and chair 
	caspar hewett,
	co-director mo lovatt,
	treasurer, 
	jon bryan,
	and film-maker in residence,
	jackie scollen.
	since our formation in 1998 we have organised more than a hundred public 
	debates, over twenty day events, and over twenty courses, seminars and talks,
	attracting a wide audience 
	drawn from the general public of ages 14 to 80. our activities have included
	film-training for young people not in employment, education or training,
	debate workshops for schools and a programme of events engaging engineers
	and scientists in conversation with the general public.
   

the great debate website includes listings of events, 
        articles, reviews and useful links to other sites.
	we hope that you will find our website to be a useful resource. 
   

	join  
	the great debate
	 facebook group or 
	visit  the great debate facebook page. 
	 
	follow us on twitter: @greatdebateuk





comment on the great debate: 
	"fun is not usually a word that complements intelligent discussion, but 
	without wishing to devalue the serious nature of the enterprise that's 
	exactly what the great debates are. for more than three years i have 
	been going to the debates on all sorts of subjects and never been 
	disappointed.  the speakers are always willing to engage with the 
	audience even if what they have to say is a little off the wall.  
	attendance is usually free, which means all my poor friends can come along 
	as well. the atmosphere is friendly and inclusive, during intervals 
	there is the possibility of free flowing intellectual engagement." 
	                      
	                      
	                     
	                      
	                       
	  abdul hamed 
more comments






top of page























	previous projects
    














 engineering 
	transmission using deliberative events


etude
	 was a project funded by
	royal 
	academy of engineering as part of their ingenious
	grant scheme which engaged engineers in dialogue with the
	general public in order to improve understanding the intersection of 
	technology with human values and behaviour. 
	more ...





great northern youth voices

















	in january 2014 we restarted this highly successful
	citizen journalism programme thanks to a second awards for all grant.
	previously funded by big lottery and dulverton trust the programme provides	
	documentary-making training and production for young people not 
	in employment, education or training.
	more ...


top of page























  recent history



	in 2023, the great debate celebrated its twenty fifth anniversary and 
	after a long break following the covid epidemic we were delighted to team up 
	with the national 
politics in pubs
	initiative to facilitate a 
	series of 
	 discussions under the banner 
	politics in pubs newcastle 
	held in the telegraph pub, newcastle, between 
	march and
	december on 
	topics ranging from 
	the monarchy to
	nudge policy. 
	this successful partnership continued throughout 2024, begining in january with a 
	lighthearted look at
	"reasons to be cheerful", 
	and continuing throughout the year with discussions including 
	education 
	or indoctrination - what is happening in uk schools? in march,
	proportional representation
	in july,
	what about the menz?
	 in october, and
	trump's victory: what to 
	expect from maga 2.0 in december.
	we were also excited to begin to bring in special guest speakers, with 
	sessions on
	north east devolution 
	with conservative mayoral candidate, guy renner-thompson (february), 
	britain's trade problem and 
	why it matters, introduced by william clouston, leader of the 
	social democratic party (april), 
	the politics of climate 
	change, introduced by dr alistair ford  (june), 
	in light of labour's 
	 election victory, has woke won? in september with 
	joanna williams, author 
	how woke won: 
	   the elitist movement that threatens democracy, tolerance and reason, and
	panic on a plate, 
	introduced by rob lyons, author, 
	panic on a plate: 
	  how society developed an eating disorder.
	we plan to bring many more debates in 2025 - watch this space for information on 
	what is coming up and to read more about our previous discussions.	
   








	between 2017 and 2020, the great debate teamed up with 
	institution of civil engineers to deliver
	the 
ice breaking dialogues. this series of seven public debates 
	held at the mining institute, newcastle, was 
	very well attended and well received, covering a wide range of topics 
	including:
	devolution;
	who 
	should pay for education;
	hs2;
	brexit;
	and 
	climate 
	 change adaption vs mitigation. while the covid 19 pandemic put a stop to
	this series, we hope to resume them in 2024.
   







	in september 2018 the great debate held its 20th anniversary
	event "the art of reason: 
	curiosity, creativity, mystery" at the black swan 
	in newcastle upon tyne.
	organised in partnership with 
	bigg books,
	north-east humanists,
	newcastle philosophical society
	 and
	philosophical society of england,
	this one day event explored the uniquely human gift of reason and rationality 
	in all its various forms. speakers included 
	raymond tallis,
	old friend of the great debate who discussed his latest book,
	
logos: the mystery of how we make sense of things; 
	  
	timothy 
	 williamson, oxford university, author, 
	doing philosophy: 
		from common curiosity to logical reasoning; 
	  
	nigel 
	 collins,
	newcastle philosophical society; 
	hisham 
		el edrissi, a-level student, heaton manor school;  
	edward 
		gibney,
		north-east humanists;  
	david large, 
		the great debate; 
	amanda 
	 	mcbride,
	 	newcastle philosophical society; 
	and
	andrés 
		saenz de sicilia, newcastle university.
	click here for videos.
   

	in april 2018, the great debate was back at european geosciences union 
	(egu) general assembly in vienna with 
	'the great debate: 
	hands on or hands off?', a debate looking at the
	   growing distrust of experts in the public imagination and the implications
	   that has for the role of scientists in policy making and the political sphere.
   

	in february 2017, the great debate launched the 
	
ice breaking dialogues, a series of public debates organised in
	association with institution of civil engineers (ice) north east. so far, the series
	has included debates on devolution, flooding, who should pay for education and hs2.
	watch this space for future debates in the series.
   

	in october 2016, the great debate's director, caspar hewett, spoke
	on the panel of a debate entitled 'humanity's big challenge: water wars'
	at the battle of ideas festival in london. 
	view the video here.
   

	in april 2016, the great debate co-convened a debate at 
	european geosciences union (egu) general assembly in vienna.
	'plan it earth:
	is there enough resource for all?' critically examined the 
	controversies surrounding management of resources and challenged
	the geosciences community to apply its knowledge to solve problems
	(click here for video of the debate).
	this event followed on from successful debates held at egu in 2015 
	and 2015: 'the 
	thirsty 10 billion: are we managing?' 
	(click here for video) and
	'geoengineering the climate:
	 the way forward?' 
	(click here for video).
   

the great debate was delighted to announce that in late 2014 our 
	
great northern youth voices
 
	project won an outstanding flagship project award from 
	united nations university institute for the advanced study of sustainability 
	(unu-ias). special thanks are due to jackie scollen for all her hard work, 
	to charlie winstanley for his valued contribution to the project, 
	to mo lovatt for her role in getting us started on this road and 
	jon bryan without whose support the great debate
	simply would not have kept going the last few years. 
   

	in 2014, we ran a series of events 
	as part of etude:
	engineering transmission using deliberative events in
	partnership with durham, newcastle and northumbria universities
	and institution of civil engineers. the
	etude
	project engaged engineers in dialogue with the general 
	public in order to improve understanding the intersection of technology with 
	human values and behaviour. building on the success of our 
	2011/2012 project
	sustained engagement,
	etude used a variety of formats to develop dialogues between 
	participating engineers and our general audiences with events running throughout
	2014. etude was funded by
	royal 
	academy of engineering under their ingenious
	grant scheme. 	
	more ...


	in 2013 the great debate celebrated its fifteenth year
	of providing a space for public debate in the north east.
	we had a fitting start to the year with a nod to where it all started
	with a seven week evening course on 
	
	the science of humanity. this was followed in april with the
	first of our great north festival debates which
	ran throughout the year.
	one highlight of the year was 
	
	media, culture, voice: tackling inequality and marginalisation
	in july with vinod pavarala of university of hyderabad.
   

	we were also pleased to anounce that we won two other grants in our 
	fifteenth year which kept us busy throughout 2013-14:
   


	 economic and social research council supported us for the 
	 seventh year running to contribute to their
	festival of social science in november 2013.
	
	decline and fool: changing ideas in the twenty teens 
	looked at the declining influence of ideas that have dominated 
	politics, philosophy and the arts for decades and asked what, if anything,
	is taking their place. this day of active debate and documentary-making 
	included two panel debates: environmental retreat, examining how 
	environmentalism 
	has become less central in the popular imagination since the economic downturn; and 
	after the fall?, looking at postmodernism, asking what people think it is,
	whether it has any relevance to the general population and what we would we like to see 
	replace it. more ...   	in previous years, the great debate's
	esrc festival of social science events included
	whatever 
	happened to equality? (2012), 
	facing the 
	future (2011), 
	
	getting real about climate change (2010)
	
	don’t shout at the telly, change what's on it! (2009)
	
	the “credit crunch”: consequences for uk households (2009)
	developing 
	world challenges (2008) and
	the 3rd workshop on 
	development, sustainability and environment (2007).
   



	big lottery fund's awards for all scheme is now offering follow-on
	funding for existing projects, and we were extremely pleased and proud that
	they awarded us £10,000 to resume
	
	great northern youth voices, 
	our venture into
	documentary-making training for young people not in employment, education or training.
	in 2011 a £10,000 startup grant from big lottery fund enabled us both to buy 
	the minimum of kit needed to make this aspect of our 
	work sustainable and provided the funds to run a set of pilot workshops. 
	this was followed up by £5000 from dulverton trust which enabled us to continue 
	running workshops into 2012. the latest grant 
	allowed us to continue this work throughout 2014.
	more ...


the great debate rolled out a programme of debate workshops for schools
	throughout the north east in the 2011/12 academic year. this included
	a series of workshops in schools and a school debating 
	competition sponsored by newcastle university.
   

top of page












more on  
	


  website





i took a punt and went to see 'gamble'. did it pay off?

     	 by jon bryan, may 2022
   


why gambling adverts should not be banned
 by jon bryan, june 2021
   


why i am voting in the uk elections to the european parliament 
	  by jon bryan, may 2019 
   


why i want out of the european union 
	opinion piece by caspar hewett, june 2016
    
 what has the european convention on 
	human rights ever done for us?
 
     article by caspar hewett, may 2015
   

















videos 
	  from the hypods project








	 can't surf, won't surf! 

	 review by danny crossley of "media, culture, voice: tackling inequality 
	 and marginalisation", a panel debate held at northumbria university in 
	 july 2013 looking at what roles media and culture can and should 
	 play in tackling inequality and enabling the marginalised to speak.
   




	 motion, midges and the magician of the north 

	 review by danny crossley of "water and wind - can renewables deliver?", 
	 a panel debate held at cragside, june 2013 looking at a variety of ways in 
	 which energy can be obtained from water and wind and asking how much of our 
	 future energy requirements they can provide. 
   




whatever happened to equality?











whatever happened to equality? was a day of active
    debate and documentary-making
    held as part of esrc festival of social science 2012.
    the event took a critical look at how the ideal of
    equality has been eroded in recent times, becoming replaced by notions of
    equity and the celebration of difference.
    participants of our film-making programme for young
    people filmed the debates and interviewed speakers.
    
view videos











nuclear power is the answer to the world's energy problems
	 
    video of the final of newcastle university year of sustainability 
    school debate event held in november 2011.
    recorded by participants of 
    
great northern youth voices
     project. view video










great northern youth voices
	
videos 
	young people taking part in our 2011/12 film-making programme conduct 
	interviews and reflect on change. includes interviews from
	
	facing the future, a day of documentary-making
	and debate held in november 2011.
	view videos









the great infrastructure debate
	 
proceedings of an event held in april 2012
	as part of the 
	sustained engagement project.
	with ice president, richard coackley; 
	edward bentley, northumbria university; 
	richard dawson, newcastle university; 
	stephanie henderson, environment agency;
	laura o'toole, jacobs;
	tony quinn, national renewable energy centre (narec). 
	read details and view video.
   








the challenges of sustainable transport
	 
proceedings of an event held in march 2012
	as part of the 
	sustained engagement project.
	with matteo conti, northumbria university; 
	katja leyendecker, environment agency, newcastle cycling campaign; and 
	adriana monroy-olaya, newcastle university. 
	read details and view video











facing the future 

the great debate: facing the future was
      a day of active debate and documentary-making
      held as part of esrc festival of social science 2011. 
      participants were encourages to take a critical look at current discussions 
      around population and the limits to social and technical engineering.
      view videos of: 
      vox pops 
	with participants /
      interviews with 
	speakers /
      debates









visions for the future of the city 
      videos from workshop exploring the question "how do we create a sustainable and 
      resilient city in 2050?" held as part of the 
      
       sustained engagement project at newcastle university, 
      22nd october 2011.
     view videos






















economic growth: bane or boon? 
    head to head debate between daniel ben-ami, 
    author ferraris for all: in defence of economic progress
    and jonathon porritt,
    author globalism and regionalism, living within our means,
    capitalism as if the world matters held at northumbria university, 
    19th october 2010. view video


top of page









limits to growth in the 21st century 
	discussion held as part of
	
	the great debate green phoenix festival programme, august 2010 with
	daniel ben-ami, 
	author cowardly capitalism, 
	ferraris for all: in defence of economic progress;
	richard dyer, 
	 transport and climate campaigner, friends of the earth;
	phil o'keefe, professor 
	of economic development and environmental management,
	university of northumbria.
	view video









food and water security, march 2010 
	debate held as part of
	getting 
	real about climate change with 
	prof tony allan, 
	 stockholm water prize laureate 2008, founder of london university's 
	water issues group;
	dr jennie barron,
	 research fellow in water management at 
	stockholm environment institute (sei);
	dr julia brown, 
	portsmouth university; and
	dr ben campbell, 
	social anthropologist, durham university.
	view video


top of page









living in a changing world 
    video made by young participants of the documentary-making project
    living in a changing 
    world, funded by mediabox, 2010. the interviews 
    featured were filmed at the great debate:
    getting real about climate change workshop held as part of the 
    economic and social research council festival of social science/newcastle
    science festival in march 2010. 
   view video.
   



	more videos and articles can be viewed by clicking on these links: 

videos      
	articles



	you can also join our 
	facebook group,
	view our videos and hear about our events there.
   


top of page








	the great debate is a north east partner of the national institute of ideas
	debating matters competition. click 
	here for further details.
 




























     to sign up to our mailing list, please send us an email at
    













previous contributors to 
	the great debate have included 
	tony allan;
	christopher badcock;
	susan blackmore; 
	rita carter; 
	tony durcan, obe;
	frank furedi;
	anthony giddens;
	doug henderson, mp;
	will hutton;
	sir bernard ingham;
	clive lord;
	kenan malik;
	catherine mckinnell, mp; chi onwurah, mp;
	jonathon porritt;
	matt ridley and 
	raymond tallis. 
    

previous events 
	have been organised in association with bodies including
	academy of ideas; 
	
		institution of civil engineers; 
	
		european geosciences union; 
	
		tyndall centre for climate change research; 
	worldwrite; 
	
		the north of england institute of mining and mechanical engineers; 
	
		community hubs network; 
	great north festival; 
	
		star and shadow cinema; 
	
		cheltenham science festival; 
	discovery museum; 
	royal academy of engineering; 
	
		royal college of art; 
	rsa; 
	necter / rce north east; 
	durham university;  
	newcastle university;  
	northumbria university;  
	sunderland university;  
	
		newcastle philosophy society
	and
	centre for life


top of page








 



home | 
future events | 
previous events | 
people | 
articles |
reviews | 
videos | 
aboutus | 

© c j m hewett,
2025 





