


past time sports makes leather football helmets, antique basketballs,vintage boxing and soccer, 
vintage leather football helmets
























































links
links

additional products






links
links 
legends 
        & stories of football history &past
 

 







past time sports since 1996
1905-1940 
                  antique style leather football helmets glory helmets 
                  shipped to you 
                  in 3-5 days or quicker...everything 
                  in stock!
                  mini leather helmets, 1950-1970 throwback plastic rc helmets, 
                  
antique vintage style baseball 
                  gloves , 
antique laced leather basketballs,

rare early watermelon footballs,  





we love
              football & baseball 2024 !!!! 
college or pro  - get your team's historic leather helmets
all pro & college teams
              bowl game teams and playoffs all the 
            way to the national championship 
and super bowl  
              gifts , awards , man cave
             
laced leather basketballs-gifts, awards- man cave decor
              dribble & shoot like 1920s
            
2023  baseball
 antique baseball gloves
-gifts, awards- man cave decor
pitch and catch like ty cobb

welcome to past time sports
            click on your favorite sports button on the left navigation bars . you'll find it easy to navigate and see items in each sport , find prices, quickly order or just call and we'll answer any questions
972-690-6488 or email us at 
past.time.sports7@gmail.com
 we got all this :1903-1940s leather antique football helmets, melon ft balls, laced antique basketballs , antique hockey helmets , vintage boxing gloves,baseball gloves,soccer balls
all gift ideas for collectors , fans &corporate customers  -get them 
              their alma mater's
              leather helmet or onefor your favorite team   we make helmets & balls for museums and hollywood movies & tv. 

 



click here for full size
              leather helmets





 tailgating christmas 
              gift 
              old timer helmet cap $24.50

            antique syle boxing gloves 
classic styling and fine leather
            decorate or spare in style.
see all our college and pro 
              leather helmets here 

we 
              sell replica :

1905-1940 leather 
              football helmets

1910-1939
              baseball gloves
1888-1930 
              antique
              footballs 

mini 
              leather 
              football helmets


1950-1970 
              pro throwback
              plastic helmets
1950-1970college 
              throwback
              plastic helmets

1890-1920-laced
              leather basketballs

1910-1930
              soccer balls 


1880-1940 rare
              sports graphics &
              photography

all our products can be personalized 
              for awards gifts or commemoratives

we sell fun tailgating
              old timer caps

1950-1970 
              rk throwbacks


pro /college
 

rare 1906 flat top helmet 


 everthing in stock ready to ship
if you dont see your team we still make it 
              -call
if 
              you need overnight or second day air shipping . .  or you 
              have questions. 
              just call us toll free 972-690-6488 or 214-499-1649
other wise 
              items go 
              by ups or priority ground
              call or use shopping cart. ...it's 
              easy & quick.

always have leather football helmets full size and minis for your favorite team :from 1903-1950s  we got em!
your team - college or pro

new
historic rare 
              antique leather basketballs 
              full size bounce and dribble them! 

antique style laced leather basketball
              college bb and nba basketballs that you can bounce , dribble and shoot
 antique hockey helmets (click here)


 

 our 1913-1930 first 
              passing ball

see our helmets in the new movie
            12 mighty orphans
             

see the superbowl & playoff
pepsi commercial with past time sports helmets
 
              click here 

leatherheads movie  -click to watch
                      
past 
                          time sports supplied  helmets 
                      for the wardrobe companies and  old time watermelon style footballs
                      for george clooneys movie leather heads 

 
 
 

"one for the gipper and now one for you."leather football historic helmets
extradonairy executioner first face mask helmet
              one of the rarest of all leather ft ball helmets
            click on the picture to read more
 and purchase one. 


 





click here to take 
            a tour of the
            history of football helmet.

we can make any of 
            our products 
            into awards and trophies! click here to
            find out more.


 
leather 
              football helmet hisitory
football historians, those who have studied 
              the game and its origins, place the games beginnings in rugby, an 
              english game played with many similarities to football. rugby began 
              in eighteen twenty-three at the famous rugby boys school in england. 
              another cousin of the game of football is soccer, sometimes called 
              association football; its beginnings can also be traced to english 
              origin, being played as early as the eighteen twenties. but truely american football is innovative and faster pace. it is now americas favorite sport. college and pro leather football helmets are highly prized and rare and valuable. noew past time sports lets you creat your own museum of the evolution of the football helmet.

college football: its beginnings
              at the same time, a group of students, who did not wear leather 
              football helmets, at princeton began playing what was then known 
              as bal lown. first using their fists to advance the ball, and then 
              their feet, this game consisted mainly of one goal: to advance the 
              old watermeoln football past the opposing team. there were no hard 
              and fast rules applied to this earliest attempt at the game we now 
              call football .at harvard, the freshman and sophomore classes, who 
              also did not at first wear leather football helmets, competed in 
              a football-type game, played on the first monday of each school 
              year; this event came to be known as bloody monday because of the 
              roughness of the game. pick up games,where there were no leather 
              football helmets, similar in style to that played on bloody monday, 
              soon became popular on the boston common, catching on in popularity 
              around eighteen sixty .soon after the end of the american civil 
              war, still the leather football helmet had not been invented, around 
              eighteen sixty five, colleges began organizing football games.none 
              of these early teams wore leather football helmets. in eighteen 
              sixty seven, princeton led the way in establishing some rudimentary 
              rules of the game. but still , leather football helmets were not 
              used or invented. players simply tied a bandana around their heads. 
              also in that year, the football itself was patented for the very 
              first time that early ball was a crude watermelon, almost round 
              shape. but still no way to protect the players from death or concussins 
              because there were no leather football helmets even thought of during 
              these early years..rutgers college also established a set of rules 
              in eighteen sixty seven, and with the relatively short distance 
              between it and princeton, a game was decided upon by both universities. 
              a date was chosen, november sixth, eighteen sixty nine; rutgers 
              won by a score of six goals to four, and thus was played what has 
              become known as the very first intercollegiate football game no 
              leather football helmets were worn during this contest. the flying 
              wedge plays injured many because they had no leather football helmets..in 
              eighteen seventy three, representatives from columbia, rutgers, 
              princeton, and yale met in new york city to formulate the first 
              intercollegiate football rules for the increasingly popular game, 
              still being played with many of the rules of soccer. these four 
              teams established the intercollegiate football association, and 
              set as fifteen the number of players allowed on each team.walter 
              camp, the coach at yale and a dissenter from the ifa over his desire 
              for an eleven man team, helped begin the final step in the evolution 
              from rugby-style play to the modernfootball game of american football. 
              the ifas rules committee, led by camp, soon cut the number of players 
              from fifteen to eleven, and also instituted the size of the playing 
              field, at one hundred ten yards. but still no one thought to protect 
              themselves better with a leather footbal hemet. in eighteen eighty-two 
              camp also introduced the system of downs. after first allowing three 
              attempts to advance the ball five yards, in nineteen six it was 
              changed to ten yards. the fourth down was added in nineteen twelve. 
              tackling below the waist had been legalized in eighteen eighty-eight.within 
              a decade, concern over the increasing brutality of the game led 
              to its ban by some colleges.brutal plays that actually walked and 
              trampled opposing players were the norm and leather football helmets 
              still had not been invented to protect the head of the players of 
              early football. nearly one hundred eighty players had suffered serious 
              injuries, and eighteen deaths had been reported from the brutal 
              mass plays that had become common in practice. the earliest leather 
              football helmets were invented by a navy player in 1893. he asked 
              a local blacksmith to improvise a leather harness hat to protect 
              his head. as his doctor said that if he continued to play , one 
              more kick to the head would kill or paralyze him for life. thus 
              the first leather football helmet was born. soon other players created 
              additional styles of leather football helmets to protect their heads 
              and ears. still the early leather football helmets provided littl 
              protection. there were such styles as the early beehive leather 
              football helmet, the flat-top leather football helmets and the dogear 
              leather football helmet. in nineteen hundred five, president theodore 
              roosevelt called upon harvard, princeton, and yale to help save 
              the sport from demise.at a meeting between the schools, reform was 
              agreed upon, and at a second meeting, attended by more than sixty 
              other schools, the group appointed a seven member rules committee 
              and set up what would later become known as the national collegiate 
              athletic association, or the ncaa.from this committee came the legalization 
              of the forward pass, which resulted in a more open style of play 
              on the field. the rough mass plays, which once caused so many serious 
              injuries, and even deaths, were prohibited by the committee. also 
              prohibited was the locking of arms by teammates in an effort to 
              clear the way for their ball carriers. still many early teams wotre 
              no leather football helmets. but eventually the advantages of the 
              leather football helemt were seen . and soon one could watch a game 
              and observe half the players with out leather football helmets and 
              half with leather football helmets to protect their heads.the length 
              of the game was shortened, from seventy to sixty minutes, and the 
              neutral zone, which separates the teams by the length of the ball 
              before each play begins, was also established. the earliest balls 
              wree called watermelon footballs and they have become almost extinct 
              along with the earliest leather football helmets . today these leather 
              football helmets can only be found in museums or among fine collections 
              of leather foorball helmets. today, almost one hundred years since 
              the inception of the ncaa, the sport of college football flourishes 
              as one of the most popular of collegiate games. colleges and universities 
              are placed into three divisions under ncaa guidelines and each division 
              has many conferences. seasonal and conference play leads to post-season 
              bowl games, where the champions of conferences meet to play in front 
              of a world-wide television audience. some of these bowls include 
              the rose bowl, played on new years day in pasadena, california, 
              between the big ten and pacific ten conference champions. other 
              bowls include the orange bowl in miami, florida, the sugar bowl 
              in new orleans, louisiana, the cotton bowl in dallas, texas, and 
              the peach bowl in atlanta, georgia. the leather football helmet 
              evolution follows the great early college game as lether helmets 
              first showed up in the 1890s and then the leather helmets gradually 
              develeoped into a stronger and more protective piece of gear. .professional 
              football: its beginningsprofessional football was first played soon 
              after the demise of the intercollegiate football association, around 
              eighteen ninety-five. in nineteen twenty, the american professional 
              football association was formed; one year later it was reorganized 
              and in nineteen twenty-two was renamed the national football league 
              some of the great early pro players who wore leather football helmets 
              were red grange , jim thorpe, the early packer team , the early 
              bear team , the early giant team , the early philadelphia team, 
              and the early pittsburgh team. players wore varying style of leather 
              football helmets . and the colors also began to show up on the early 
              40s leather football helmet s. before that most helmets were plain 
              natural leather either brown, cordovan , or black. color leather 
              football helmets allowed the quaterback to better see the receiver 
              at long distances when he was far down the field. so more and more 
              teams begab=n to paint their leather football helmets to put some 
              visibility sizzel into their games. .unlike the apfa, which handed 
              out franchises far and wide with little discretion, the nfl, from 
              nineteen forty-six to forty-nine, was limited to ten teams. gradually 
              in the late 1940s the leather football helmet began to be replaced 
              by early plastics. however many of the early plastic football helmets 
              shattered and caused injury. so. the leather football helme survived 
              thru the world war ii years and lingered into the early 1950s. but 
              gradually the old leather football helmet was replaced by the plastics 
              and more and more teams began to add logos and symbols to their 
              helmets . the early leather football helmets were spared this clutter 
              and reamined unadorned right into the 50s eara. soon howevre the 
              old leather football helmet faded into history. many pooreer high 
              school teams and jr high teams still used these old leather helmets 
              right into the 1960s and 70s . today the leather football helmet 
              is practically extinct and can only be found at museums or in fine 
              collections.the apfa, on the other hand, consisted of twenty three 
              teams in the year between its inception and the change-over in becoming 
              the nfl.a merger in nineteen seventy, fifty years after the inception 
              of the first pro football association, combined sixteen nfl teams 
              with ten afl teams to comprise one league with two conferences. 
              in the nineteen eighties, further expansion was proposed and by 
              the ninety three-ninety four nfl season, approval was given for 
              a thirty-team league. the next step towards growth of the league 
              would be to realign the nfl into eight different divisions, each 
              with four teams.pro football, like its college counterpart, was 
              not without its failures. among the number of competitive leagues 
              that have folded in failure are the all-american football conference, 
              nineteen forty-six to forty-nine, the american football league, 
              nineteen sixty to sixty-nine, and the world football league, nineteen 
              seventy-four to seventy-five.arena football, an indoor league played 
              in the spring with eight man teams, debuted in nineteen eighty-seven. 
              it is still played, but does not enjoy the popularity or success 
              that is found in the national football league.professional football 
              today: a businessfrom its humble beginnings in eighteen sixty-nine, 
              when the first intercollegiate game was played between rutgers and 
              princeton, football has become a multi-billion dollar business in 
              its professional form.once watched by no more than a handful of 
              loyal sideline enthusiasts, football is now available for worldwide 
              viewing. with the advent of cable television, dozens of high school 
              and college games can be watched over friday and saturday afternoons. 
              pro games are televised on sunday and monday nights, with at least 
              half a dozen games televised each weekend during the season. at 
              the end of each nfl season, champs from both the national and american 
              conferences meet in the super bowl to determine a national champion. 
              this game, always played in january, has been called the most watched 
              sporting event of all time, with a viewing audience from around 
              the entire globe, watching and listening to the televise in dozens 
              of languages.although television commercials foot a very large part 
              of the bill, the competition between networks for the coverage rights 
              highly inflates the value of nfl franchises. in nineteen twenty, 
              a franchise cost one hundred dollars. by nineteen sixty, each was 
              worth approximately two million dollars. in nineteen ninety three, 
              when the league decided to expand, selling teams to charlotte, north 
              carolina and jacksonville, florida, the cost rose to one hundred 
              forty millions dollars per franchise.in the same year, the nfl signed 
              a five-network, four year television contract, totaling almost four 
              and a half billion dollars.some may say that if cheerleading was 
              truly a sport then it would have been included with other sports 
              long ago. he will frequently use the word draw here for lack of 
              a more precise term to refer to the use of graphics software. all 
              bodies will rotate easiest about their center of mass. in the year 
              2000, the popularity of arena football led to the formation of arena 
              football 2, an expansion league. the ancient egyptians swam, raced, 
              wrestled, and played games with balls. pass patterns are the routes 
              the receivers run downfield after the snap of the ball.the rare 
              kinds and styles of leather football helmets worn by college and 
              pro teams can still be seen at their respective college campus museums 
              , at the college football hall of fame museum and or the pro football 
              hall of fame museum in canton ohio. today many sports history enthusisasts 
              look for old leather football helmets for their collections or to 
              offer as awards or commemoratives. these olfd battle helmets, the 
              leather football helmet, will always represent the great history 
              and evolution of the game itself.
college & pro teams changed their helmet colors over the years varying off of  their school colors establisehd at the turn of the century or earlier.

....................click on the team college or pro to look at that helmet year and style
alabama   -   1930s white with red stripes
auburn -        deep blue with orange strip
arkansas   -   white with red
              arizona   - 
baylor    -     gold with green stripe
boise    -      blue with orange stripes
brooklyn dodgers 1930s  pro team   white with red stripes   ace parker
bronko nagurski -chicago bears -  black/orange
chicago bears -  black
chicago cardinals  -1930s 40s   white
cleveland browns   -   white
    canton bull dogs - jim thorpe  1920s
detroit lions -  silver
eagles    -   green with silver
florida gators  -  orange  with blue stripe
florida state  -  gold with red stripe
georgia  -  red with hite stripe ,  ............old silver
giants  - blue with red stripes
green bay  -  yellow gold
iowa hawkeyes  -   dark leather with gold stripes
kansas state   -  purple  silver stripes
kansas city chiefs  -  red with gold stripe
lsu -  yellow gold with purple stripes
michigan   -  winged helmet
michigan state  -    green with white stripes
minnesots  -  purple with gold stripes
missouri  -  black with yellow stripe
nebraska -  white with red stripe
north carolina  -  light blue with white stripe
    notre dame    -1940--50     lujak, lattner horning years ..........1920 gipper years 
    notre dame  -
    four horsemen years , 
north western  -   black
ohio state   -  bill willis     red helmet
ohio state  -   silver with red stripes
oklahoma -  red with white stripes
oklahoma state  -  orange with white stripes
oregon  -   ducks   green with  gold stripe
penn state --   white with blue stripe
penn  -  university of pennsylvania ivy league
    pittsburg steelers  - old yellow 1940s ....................... black with gold stripe
    pitt ---i 
san francsco 49ers  gold with red stripe - 
seattle  sea hawks -  silver with blue stripe
south carolina   -  white with red stripe
stanford -  white  with red stripe-
    tcu -    ......1930-40 old black or.............................       modern  purple- 
tennesee   -   orange or natural leather white stripe 
    texas a & m       ........1940  maroon and white stripe........ 1939 national champs  maroon with white panel
texas  -   white ........................... or rare white with orange striping  1 year
    texas  tech   -      solid red.......................                1930s  black
    ucla     -    gold with  blue stripe
usc      -     red with gold yellow stripe .............................1930s  dark bulls neck brown
washington red skins    -    burgundy
wisconsin  -  red with white stripe ........................... or ......  solid  red
west virginia  -    blue with yellow gold stripe 


click here for leather helmets by team
-- .................... click to see pre 1920 helmets
 click here to  find  bowl   
bound teams helmets
 1920 split finger glove

all products & designs copyright
pastime sports 2001
.
1950, 1960 , 1970
          pro & college 
          rk throw back plastic full size helmets


        click here
       

new 1948 rams leather!
        crazy legs hirsh
      
mini 1/3 scale
        leaather helmets 
        great gifts , collectibles
      
get your bowl & playoff teams helmet
      college and pro

ohio state..... mich state..... clemson

oklahoma......   notre dame.....  alabama
everthing in stock ready to ship 





click here to buy one
click here for 1/3 scale mini helmets 



click here to buy antique style 
        baseball gloves sold out


all 
        of our products are of the highest grade 
        fine saddle quality leathers, heavy, rich and
        specially aged and tanned for a rare mint
        item look. fine, vintage style, leather with
        antiqued patina finishes. look for quality 
        past time sports craftsmenship 
        to be 
        satisfied. 
        get started by clicking on your 
        favorite sport to the left . then you can use
        the online shopping cart to order. 
        or, you can still call us toll free 
        972-690-6488 to ask questions or
        pay for an item and get it shipped quickly too.
        you'll find exact replicas of rare sports
        equipment that would normally only be
        available in museums. everything is 
        meticulously hand made
        , hand stitched and hand sewn from fine
        specially aged and tanned leathers. 
        our products make wonderful, sports 
        memorabilia, collectors gifts, unique 
        awards, trophies , corporate gifts,
        tailgating apparel, banquet gifts, and 
        incentives for individuals, football teams, 
        schools, corporate promotions, univesity
        fund raising organizations and booster clubs 
        of all sizes. enjoy our site. 
        call if you have any questions.
        toll free 972-690-6488
 

bronko nagurski
        read this great story
        about this incredible legend
 
 
some links
http://www.varsityclothing.com
http://www.collegefootball.org/shop.php
        the website of the college football hall of fame , its activities, facilities 
        awards ceremonies, museum and artifacts of college
        football & its great heroes, teams and games.
http://www.profootballhof.
        com#/history/general

antiquebasketballs

        http://antiquebasketballs.com/
site for old time basketball
        gear and graphics
old 
        time baseball gloves
        makers of fine antique style
        baseball gloves from the 1920-1930s era. hand crafted and handsewn, always 
        in stock
http://leatherfootballhelmet.com
leather football helmet history
 
 
1880-1890 before the helmet, 
players wore the noseguard only


nick saben holding one of past time sports peach bowl-chick-fil-a kickoff trophies








past time sports
214-499-1649























































































