






your digital marketing & ecommerce partner | solving it problems

























 
















your local business expert





connect@hipgloss.com



call us :  (513) 549-7447














cincinnati, ohio, usa
6500 glenway avenue, building d








available virtually 24/7
submit help desk ticket

















the future of marketing
other services
our expertise
why choose us













book now



 














your edge over the competition>be the leader in your niche using future focused digital marketing solutions.
conquer the local market
let’s start now 



















voice search




only 4% of businesses globally are optimized online for “hey siri” or “hey google”. 40% of searches are all local “show near me” searches. will your business be a leader in this new channel of seo?


$

your custom voice, speed, and seo business landing page.




$

standalone web product designed for your voice search success.




$

a true voice and local optimized search solution.














mobile marketing (sms)



engage mobile consumers with eye-popping, personalized campaigns. we help local businesses digitally market their products and services just like the big brands but without the big brand budget.


$

send 500, rich-content sms campaigns and 8,000 email campaigns per month.




$

distribute mobile campaigns via sms, email and qr codes.




$

send rich-content like coupons, videos, images, sign-up forms, surveys, maps, social post, call-to-action and more.














reputation management



build trust and loyalty. our software is the pioneer of the reputation mgmt industry and has helped over 2 million small businesses manage their reputation leading to more sales since 2008.


$

manage all your reviews from one place




$

be found everywhere customers are searching




$

track every conversation across the web




$

see how you stack up to the competition









services
some of our other popular services








ecommercenew development, maintenance, and migration services. we are partners with shopify, magento, and bigcommerce. if you are not happy with your current online store or need to sell online for the first time, let’s talk!




ecommerce






professional affordable hostinganyone, anywhere, at any time, can purchase a hosting account through hip gloss pro without utilizing our other services. our sla guarantee’s the following:  99.9% uptime, unlimited space, and 1 hour response time for all help desk tickets.
our 1-click application installer will allow you to install some of the most popular website software out there including wordpress. 




professional affordable hosting








small business websiteswith 19 years of wordpress development experience, we work fast and efficiently to bring your small business website to life.
we use the divi theme builder for all wordpress sites which empowers you to easily edit or drag/drop modules when you work on your site. our clients love how easy and fun it is to use. 




small business websites






free web development servicesthe hip gloss 1-to-1 match program helps support businesses by providing up to a 100% match of their allocated budget in web development hours.
hip gloss will be giving back to the community by opening our 1-to-1 match program application to all small businesses. the match program started in 2018 and has only been available to nonprofit and not-for-profit businesses until now.




$1 to $1 match program









you are in good hands
25 years in the web design field, you can trust our experience.







reputation management





digital marketing





ecommerceexperience





web developmentexperience







partnerships
hip gloss is proud to be a partner of the following






















why choose us

insurance is optional for web development companies, but rest assured – hip gloss is insured!
our foundation is built on customer care and communication. we want your experience to be the best it can be.
25 years of web design experience has led to many professional certifications, thousands of hours of experience and lessons learned. you will have an expert team behind all projects.
all projects come with 30 days of free support post project completion. 
all projects come with a free domain and free year of hosting. 
staff training is available as needed. 



 













hip gloss is the digital marketing expert your business needs





consult with us








designed by hip gloss ©  all rights reserved



help desk



 





















