





vernon lee














































		skip to content










 







home
about
books
contact
 





purchase nowpurchase now 







 







 







main menu

 









home
about
books
contact
 









 






 




 


ordinary lives, extraordinary heroes 



journey with  vernon lee as he blends faith, heroism, and imagination into captivating stories for the world to explore.


 






more information














 





							hi i’m vernon lee your local author! i’m from a small town on the east coast in the state of virginia.						



i’m just a guy trying to live a dream by writing my first book. which i’ve done already  “vultar the ultimate hero lives” but now i’m turning my novel into my first major movie with sony entertainment which hopefully will led into more successful adventures. 



well i’ve always been a superman fan every since i’ve was a boy. i was amazed about his abilities and his compassion to help human race wheter you were rich or you were poor, he was always there for you and that’s what inspired me to write my first superhero graphic novel vultar. 



about me i’m just a regular guy who inspired to write a book and wanting to live that dream having my book published and i accomplished my dream. as i grew up all those values that i seen in my faith and superman. i always like to try to use them in everyday life and to be there for people as well be honest to treat people fairly that’s always my goal even til this day! treat people with respect and when i wrote my novel so i put my values and adventures in my novel in hopes of sharing my character with the world. 





 











 



vultar 



the ultimate hero lives 




 

 play video













vultar: the ultimate hero lives 



							paperback 						



							vultar is a regular guy named victor lance who has been given a powerful gift from an alien race very far away from earth; who wants to help mankind continue on. so let this story flow through your mind and imagine yourself as this hero as you see vultar fight a creature almost equal in power and strength to his own, to save the love of his life while learning from his father that its alright to be afraid. although, you must remember a true super hero overcomes his or her fears and still fights for justice. so come and enjoy a new super hero for the 21st century who’s power and strength will amaze you! this book is for children eight years of age and older!
						






buy now










 












 




 






vultar meets the shadow creature 



							kindle edition						



							attention people of earth!
a new dawn of power will soon be
flying into our lives.

a new superhero for the 21st century
whose power & strength will amaze you!
as you read this comic imagine yourself
as the hero & let this story flow into
your mind as you see it happen.						






buy now















 



what are you waiting for... 



get in touch now 



							i’d love to hear from you! whether you have questions, feedback, or just want to connect, feel free to reach out using the contact information below:
						






 




							location						


						roanoke, virginia

					

















 




							contact						


						email: creechvernon32@gmail.com					








please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *phone number *submit  











 




"this book isn't just a story; it's a reflection of the author's journey and a testament to the power of faith and heroism. i highly recommend it to anyone in search of inspiration and a reminder of the importance of staying true to oneself."



 

brenda greene
san francisco














 










 



 


 
roanoke, virginia
creechvernon32@gmail.com
 











copyright © 2025 vernon lee. powered by vernon lee.
 



 





































