








 



centerpointe research institute home


































































 






 




centerpointe research institute

about centerpointe

our mission
our core values
our history
about bill harris
about the planets
about our products


planets

brain health
stress relief
financial success
relationship success
nutrition & health
spiritual growth
learning & memory
sleep mastery
longevity & age reversal
exercise optimization
emotional resilience
parenting expertise


experts

bill harris
maryellen tribby
mary morrissey
jack canfield
dean graziosi
pete bissonette
julia lundstrom
dr. paul scheele
karl moore
natalie ledwell
ari whitten
john assaraf
meet them all


centerpointe research institute
try holosync

try holosync free | 5-day challenge
join the holosync program
what is holosync?


store

holosync
courses
suites
headphones
browse everything


ratings & reviews

reviews by holosync users


 member login








 






the myholosync app has arrived!7-day free trial, no credit card required.




get it now!





choose extraordinary.master your life by mastering your lifestyle.it all begins with holosync® audio technology and the touch of button.





show me how





holosync technology has changed millions of lives across the worldmeditate 8x faster than a zen monk. scientific technology that replicates the powerful effects of long-term meditation at the touch of a button.boost your mental power.  increase creativity, learning & memory, inner peace, and will power,  while reducing stress, impulsiveness, and brain fog.increase health, vitality, and longevity. trigger natural brain chemicals that dramatically increase willpower,  motivation, and even slow the aging process.attain extraordinary happiness and inner peace. dissolve old, troublesome mental and emotional issues to reach your full potential.




learn more



passion, vision & legacymy name is bill harris, founder of centerpointe research institute.i noticed many years ago that all of us human beings are navigating our way through a rather difficult situation. being human isn’t easy.all my life i’ve searched for “a better way”—a way to increase positive feelings and experiences, think and learn more effectively, better manage my emotional life, and reduce my stress-level.this platform is the culmination of my rigorous journey over three decades, which led me to real and powerful solutions that work in every area “planet,” of your life.you’ll meet some of the world’s leading experts on health, wealth, relationships, emotional healing, spiritual growth, and more.you’ll always find powerful new information and resources that you can apply today to make your life happier, healthier and more extraordinary.





keep reading






your extraordinary life begins hereyour better life begins where everything in your life begins: with your brain.holosync optimizes your brain and gives you the all benefits of profound, long-term meditation, 8x times faster, at the touch of a button.





show me how





master the planets of an extraordinary lifeaccess cutting-edge resources to improve every area of your life from world-renowned experts. 12 planets for stellar livingfind better and more effective ways to build loving & lasting relationships, nourish your body, mind & spirit, master your emotions, maintain optimal health, and much, much more.





get me started


     create your free accountaccess 100s of hours of free, world-class content on the centerpointe platform        create my centerpointe account        ←                         “holosync should be part of everybody’s personal growth program, to take themselves from where they are to where they want to be, in terms of living a fulfilling, transcendent, successful, abundant life.” -jack canfield american author                       "bill harris has created one of the most effective and powerful tools for enhancing the brain. i’ve used it for decades ...and have encouraged thousands of people to use it, too. " -john assaraf neurogym                       “i love holosync and have used it for years to get greater mental clarity, focus, and energy. i especially like to listen to it when i'm working out or meditating. try it - it really gets you in the zone and helps you perform at higher levels of awesomeness all around.” - brendon burchard #1 new york time best seller          →             

 










 
































providing extraordinarily useful tools and  strategies for people seeking to make their lives better




my centerpointetry holosync
mind power inbox magazine
my account
 



support centercontact support
frequently asked questions
email us
 



support centercontact support
frequently asked questions
email us
 



explorelifestyle planets
lifestyle experts
store
 









©2020 centerpointe research | all rights reserved | privacy policy








