





































    
    apollo medical review criteria guidelines for managing care
  
  















               


     faqs



  contact us



  careers






    
(224) 607-3378 


 
  

customer login




   
    home



  products


   guidelines


   medical review criteria for managing care



  acute care inpatient review criteria guidelines



  managing physical/occupational/speech therapy & rehabilitation care



  post-acute care and other extended care services



  managing behavioral health care; review criteria, care management



  disease management: clinical guidelines



  case or care management





  industry segments


   health plans



  third party administrators



  provider organizations



  behavioral health providers



  review firms







  integration partners



  about us



  news and events


   press release



  articles and white papers





  insights












    
 





        apollo medical review criteria
guidelines for managing care
  the affordable solution for 
evidence-based 
clinical decision support



   
   



 affordable
 apollo’s medical review criteria and guidelines are significantly more affordable than competitor offerings while delivering comparable material. reduce expenses while maintaining quality content.
 
  


 efficient
 apollo’s user-friendly portal makes it easy for healthcare professionals to quickly access the information needed to complete their everyday responsibilities. save time and money while improving productivity.
 
  


 accessible
 apollo has become the preferred evidence-based solution for many organizations by offering continuously updated material online and on the go. access the latest guidelines via our online portal or our mobile app.


   
 about our products
 
since 1997, apollo managed care publications have been a trusted resource for providing medical review criteria and guidelines that assist in identifying case management and treatment options that are appropriate and medically necessary.
apollo’s online medical review criteria and guidelines are 100% evidence-based and operate within an advanced microsoft .net framework that facilitates rapid integration with existing utilization management and care management systems.   

learn more




   
 


 
 the apollo advantage
 
whether you are an ipa, a health plan, a care management firm, or other organization involved in ensuring appropriate patient care, the right clinical guideline application can make all the difference. discover what makes apollo managed care your best option. reduce costs. improve productivity. enhance quality of care.   

learn more




      










 +2,800 interpretations
 includes more than 2,800 detailed clinical review criteria guidelines and evidence-based benefit interpretations.
    








 updated content
 content is continuously updated as new information becomes available
 
   






 determination assistance
 assists utilization management and claims departments with essential information to facilitate medically-necessary benefit determinations.


    information at your fingertips
 



     



 fast and flexible search functionality

 
   





 convenient to print or download

    








 searchable by keyword or cpt/icd-10/hcpcs codes



     


 the online, cloud-based format allows multiple users at multiple locations

 
  


 can be used as a stand-alone integrated with almost any system

   


 easily accessible by storing commonly searched information on a my favorites page.



    diverse care coordination environments





    


      


 ✓ capitated medical groups
✓ msos

 ✓ ipas
✓ behavioral health providers

 ✓ hospitals
✓ phos

 ✓ review organizations
✓ specialty networks

 ✓ third-party administrators
✓ consultants

 ✓ va hospitals
✓ u.s. military

 ✓ licensing boards
✓ provider networks

 ✓ medical school faculty practice groups/plans
✓ state and county health departments

 ✓ indemnity carriers
✓ law firms

 ✓ indian health service









   
 work with us
 
apollo products have become preferred tools for so many users by offering evidence-based, continuously updated materials in an economical and easily accessible format. the comprehensive information assembled by apollo managed care puts the power of information in your hands - easily and affordably. the portfolio of expertly prepared and continuously updated apollo web-based manuals provides access to review criteria and guidelines that can offer greater cost efficiency and productivity, higher quality of care and more consistency in the decision-making process.   

learn more


 
 




    value you can trust





   
 

we’ve been in the business for 40+ years, and have been a leader in the field ever since. we take pride in sharing the  experience we’ve acquired. 
 
 

cutting corners is not an option at our company. we do everything as thoroughly as we can, from the beginning to the end. no excuses and no shortcuts allowed. 
 
 

strive for the top and you’ll reach it. that’s our motto, and our experience. we’ll work our hardest so that your most challenging goals, every time. 







       current client? download here.
 customers with an active license to use the apollo managed care online portal can now easily access our online guidance on their mobile phone or tablet. download apollo go from google play or the app store today!
 
      

    

button












    learn more and get integrated with apollo
 we're available 24-hours a day, 7 days a week.
   

request demo




    sitemap
     home



  industry segments



  guidelines



  about us



  contact us



  careers



  press release






  useful links
     articles and white papers



  disclaimer



  terms & conditions



  privacy policy



  editorial policy



  website code of ethics



  faqs






  contact info
  (224) 607-3378 

info@apollomanagedcare.com
3100 carr 199 ste 202
san juan, pr 00926



       







    copyright and proprietary protection notice for all apollo publications and electonic media

apollo managed care is a product provided by
medpharm services llc
  © 2025 
apollo managed care | all rights reserved.



















































































































  
  share by:








