









gospel martial arts union – a place for christian martial artists









































skip to content








gospel martial arts union

a place for christian martial artists








menu

home
about us

photo gallery


schools
resources
membership
contact us
 











contact us by email:  gmau.hq@gmail.com
new membership page is live
the gmau is excited to announce the move to a lifetime membership.  no more remembering to renew annually, the one time lifetime membership for $45 gets you all the same benefits as the traditional annual membership.  the free affiliate membership remains as another way to be part of the gmau.  those dojos interested in becoming charter academies can contact the gmau for more information.  links for application can be found on the membership page.
welcome
welcome to the gospel martial arts union, since 1986, a group of dedicated christian brothers and sisters training and teaching the martial arts with a biblical perspective.


our mission is two-fold:
1     we are dedicated to effectively and collaboratively promoting and teaching biblically principled martial arts/sciences, conflict resolution tactics, and life protection training. 
• central belief: everyone can benefit from biblical martial arts training, especially the household of faith.
• central motivation: everyone should train in biblical martial arts with a qualified and credentialed instructor.
• central focus: practical demonstration of great love by willingly lay down our lives for anyone in need.
2     we are committed to teach personal responsibility and accountability. gmau ministry initiatives are distinguished from other activities, sports, etc. by emphasizing life skills and growth through: spiritual discipleship; mental discipline; and physical development. we journey together; unified and determined to building up the gmau family… together pressing toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of god in christ jesus.
we invite you to examine our organization and—if you feel so led—to join us in fellowship as an affiliate member (it’s free) or as a full lifetime member (just $45.00) to receive all the included benefits.
contact us via email
gmau.hq@gmail.com














main menuhome
about us

photo gallery


schools
resources
membership
contact us


recent posts


what is a black belt?


martial sports, activities, and arts – proctor sensei


striking, blocking and grappling – proctor sensei


courtesy and humility – proctor sensei


history, philosophy and technique – proctor sensei


archives

may 2021
april 2021
march 2021
february 2021

 






copyright © 2025 gospel martial arts union. all rights reserved. theme spacious by themegrill. powered by: wordpress. 












