










home - chamber of commerce southern new jersey - ccsnj























































 
 





















skip to content




member login
contact us
website video tutorials
 
facebooktwitterlinkedininstagram
 





























 
about us leadership board of directors deib advisory council & partners policy committee chairs business council chairs our team staff ambassadors ccsnj news ccsnj connection sj chamber foundationmembership join now membership benefits refer a member member login stay involved policy committees business councils marketing opportunitiesdeib deib advisory council & partners deib advocacy  deib priorities  delivering on deibevents ccsnj events member events event photo gallerylegislative work positions nj legislaturebusiness directorycommunity resource center member news member discounts ccsnj marketplace job board blogeducation & workforce development empoweru register today! rcsj discount program sj summer institute for educators school district recruitment campaign








 



















the ccsnj office is closed. we'll return on tuesday, february 18. 








the ccsnj office will be closed on friday, february 14, 2025 to celebrate the eagles super bowl championship.  
we will also be closed on monday, february 17, 2025 in observance of president's day.  
we will resume operations on tuesday, february 18, 2025.
have a great weekend and go birds! 🦅

















chamber of commerce
southern new jersey
connecting the region since 1873

























membership benefits 
learn the benefits of ccsnj membership and how you can maximize your investment
 
membership benefits

 















business directory 
think of ccsnj members first when looking for new partners and vendors
 
business directory

 















your voice in trenton 
stay up-to-date with the latest legislative activity
 
legislative work

 


























chambersnj.com is sponsored by














































































































































ccsnj's digital magazine, advocate.

this quarterly publication serves many purposes, but as always, our first priority is delivering our valued members information that will help you elevate your business, update you on the region’s growing economic landscape and familiarize yourself with the ccsnj’s growing membership base - now over 1,200 members strong. advocate is a resource that can help you achieve whatever goal you set out to achieve as an active member and to educate the greater regional business and nonprofit communities on south jersey’s latest news, information and incredible potential.















































mark your calendar
























all upcoming events





















what our members say








 
"joining the chamber of commerce of south jersey has been wonderful for my business. i've had the opportunity to connect with like-minded professionals, secure valuable partnerships, and discover essential grant opportunities. the networking events and informative meetings have provided me with invaluable insights and resources. i highly recommend the chamber to any business owner looking to grow and thrive in south jersey."
jeff collins of dogleg golf
 


 
"as a proud member of the chamber of commerce southern new jersey (ccsnj), i’ve had the privilege of connecting with an incredible network of professionals and resources that have truly helped christopher’s organic botanicals grow. the chamber has provided valuable opportunities to engage with our community, build meaningful partnerships, and share our mission of promoting natural wellness. ccsnj isn’t just about business—it’s about creating a supportive environment where local entrepreneurs can thrive together. i’m grateful to be part of such an inspiring organization and look forward to continuing this journey with the chamber!"
christopher deaney of christopher's organic botanicals

 


 
"ccsnj has been a valued partner in building our business from the start. with access to information, resources, events, and networking opportunities, we’ve developed relationships that will continue to help our business thrive for years to come. thank you!."
hala barson of voip doctors
 
 


 
"since the chamber of south jersey is one of the largest in the region, you can meet a variety of businesspeople at events to network with. the chamber gives your business exposure to high level executives and politicians that you wouldn't usually have access to."
leslie blau-berlin of digital creek

 






























welcome to our new members



















view our business directory


















member news



















view all member news




























                                amerihealth                            














                                oceanfirst bank                            














                                benecare                            














                                primepoint                            

















next
previous



















latest updates on x















ccsnj on instagram




































download the memberplus app






ccsnj members will receive an invitation to set up for a login to the chambersnj.com website, then you will use the same log in to access the app:







































 












© 2025 chamber of commerce southern new jersey – ccsnj
 | 
site by growthzone
























join now










get in touch











chamber of commerce southern new jersey
220 laurel road, suite 203
voorhees, nj 08043






p: (856) 424-7776









stay connected










































join our community linkedin group!









member resources











member login
resource center
member news
member events
member discounts
job board

















 © 

 chamber of commerce southern new jersey - ccsnj.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top















