


kfjc 89.7fm


























kfjc 89.7fm





listen
events
music reviews
donate
about





radio that's weirder than you, but not by much.





now on air

ann arbor rebroadcast  hosts

open shift


fifty-fifty  by

ed palermo big band




 listen live 
			


  
				current playlist
 · 
past playlists


  
				broadcast forecast



  
					hot off the air
					 · 
more from the archive...



lotte raven 
							wed 2am


ras babo
							tue 10pm


cynthia lombard
							tue 7pm


from the vault
							tue 6pm


isotope
							tue 2pm


oly gark
							tue 10am


projectilenfesther
							tue 6am




get in touch; get our apps
















instagram











recently reviewed records






humana, 11 days ago
van vreeland – “van vreeland” – [nudie records]







humana, 45 days ago
ekin fil – “sleepwalkers” – [helen scarsdale agency]







humana, 45 days ago
feinberg, ezra – “soft power” – [total union records]





events & specials
john prine, a blue-collar genius.

tuesday, february 25 2:00am — 6:00am


dr doug proudly presents: john prine, a blue-collar genius. join the dr as he takes a loving look at this ordinary, simple man (as in not complicated) in every way except his songwriting. john had an uncanny ability to look at regular people and their issues, and write about their lives. he had no problems looking at very difficult topics in his songs. however, john’s ability to put quirky and humorous lyrics to dark topics was the sugar that helped the medicine of the message go down. enjoy this examination of john prine, songwriter extraordinaire, with interviews and live songs.

kfjc co-presents: vintage vw club spring meet

sunday, april 13 8:00am — 3:00pm


kfjc co-presents the golden gate chapter of the vintage volkswagen club of america's 40th annual spring meet at history san jose at kelley park in san jose. kfjc djs will be spinning live at the event, more info coming soon!

julius hemphill – sax innovator

friday, mayhem 2 10:00am — 2:00pm


julius hemphill was a distinguished alumnus of the black artist’s group out of st. louis, and a founding member of the world saxophone quartet. this special will take a peek at his more distinguished moments and some obscure side projects, as well as a healthy sample of his wsq output. hosted by goodwrench

doin' it to death: the day of james brown

saturday, mayhem 3 12:00am — 11:59pm


24 hours of james brown

soundtrack odyssey: a journey through stage & screen

saturday, mayhem 10 12:00am — 11:59pm


soundtrack odyssey celebrates, recognizes, and uncovers the rich and diverse world of soundtracks in theater, film, and television. music often defines cinematic and theatrical moments, and this special will highlight iconic scores, forgotten gems, popular music, and innovative compositions. join kfjc on a sonic journey through the music that has shaped the soundtrack of our lives.

the “berlin school” of 70’s electronic music

friday, mayhem 16 10:00pm — saturday, mayhem 17 2:00am


the “berlin school” of 70’s electronic music relied heavily on sequencers and the analog instrumentation available at the time. expect a detailed look at the work of tangerine dream, klaus schulze, edgar froese, peter frohmader, richard pinhas, and other fellow travelers (maybe at little jean michelle jarre, too). hosted by goodwrench


even more events and specials...



kfjc coverage of previous events



 
nov 1-3, 2018  —  berlin, de
never surrender




 
oct 27, 2018  —  berlin, de
reverb rampage




 
apr 2018  —  washington, dc
thousand incarnations of the rose










music reviews
			with dozens of new titles each week, kfjc djs discuss what we add to the library and why.
		


join kfjc
			learn more about our training program.
		


concert outlook
			your source for live sound in the bay area, and a list of clubs where you can hear it at.
		


history blog
			tidbits and reflections from kfjc's 65 years on the air.
                


donations & swag
			don't hesitate, look great. shirts, hoodies, tote bags, kfjc live compilations and more, all in support of our broadcast operation.
		




				copyright © 2025 kfjc 89.7 fm
				12345 s. el monte road los altos hills, california 94022
contact
				 · 
				public inspection file





