
















ask the bellwether: ask


























































































pages



blog


ask


workshops


contact


about


















































































ask










ask the bellwether, online home of amelia garripoli, yarn poet. 

i teach fiber arts online and in person. contact me if your guild or festival is interested in having me teach.



power spinning is available from hansencrafts.
while copies last, productive spindling is available from bosworth spindles and halcyon yarn.




the website features a top-3 list of posts over on the right. however, i have my favorite posts too. currently i am enamored by turkish spindles, and love the economical colored-pencil spindle featured in how do you make a turkish spindle?. 

in the shop you can purchase my e-tutorials. 

fiber fascinates me -- i spin, knit, nalbind, felt, dye, weave, crochet, knot, card, and play string games. fiber combines texture, color, and design in wonderful ways. i teach and write about fiber: you will find the blog full of useful fiber information with its faq style. 


click workshops to see a list of currently available workshops. for a list of past venues and my publications, see the about page.


looking for a particular topic? use this search box for relevant posts:






recent posts thumbnails blogger widget
your browser does not support javascript!





























email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest













home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















popular posts









what can you weave with 2 heddles on the rigid heddle loom?





how fast can you knit?










how fine do i spin my singles to get a target wpi in my plied yarn?

















find me all over:
 ask the bellwether
  askthebellwether 
  amelia garripoli
 thebellwether 
 askthebellwether 
 thebellwether

















copyright © 2001-2024 amelia garripoli and askthebellwether.com. all rights reserved.
unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this blog’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. 













































copyright © ask the bellwether 2001-2019. all rights reserved. simple theme. powered by blogger.
























