


letters to god






















    
	letters to god
	
  
take a look within this blog to see some personal, albeit one-sided, communication between me and god.











  





  





  



      include this form on your page
      




thursday, january 16, 2020



	 what is this "new normal"?
    


      godi hate that we use words so much that they lose their original impact. they become trite, cliché."new normal" is one of those phrases that has me feeling this way right now.i'm tired of thinking about it. maybe it's that i'm resisting it. maybe not.i don't want to have chf, god. i don't like feeling weaker. i don't like that i have people around me who are uncertain about how i am or what i can do.i miss my wife seeing me as strong because i don't see her behaving like she did before when i was stronger. i'm probably projecting my own insecurities here. i realize that.i don't like having to limit my fluids and my sodium. yet i can see that there is benefit from doing that. i don't like feeling so "out of shape."but i reflect on your promises:* when i am weak, you are strong* there's more going on than i can know* it may take awhile, but you're not done working things in my life out for the good* you didn't even spare your own son! how will you not give me all that i need?* not by my strength, not by my might, but by your spirit (which raised jesus from the dead, btw)!!i'm trading my sorrows starting now.i'm trading my pain/shamei'm laying it all downand replacing it with joyi have in you.love, your son,daniel



posted by daniel @ 6:33 am  

        





wednesday, january 15, 2020



	 uncertainty, confession, renewal, strength
    


      lord of all creation,this morning you've brought forth fog. it creates an eerie, ethereal atmosphere (literally) around us. uncertainty about what is ahead.i pray you keep everyone safe, especially those in vehicles traveling this morning.i thank you for being eyes through all the storms. though there may be uncertainty in my day, may i right now - yes - i reset you as lord and master over me.spirit, be my guide. you are the spirit of truth in me, the life of god in me, my counselor, comforter, strength, and guide. i choose to be filled with you and to walk in step with you in all things. restore my union with the father and the son.i renounce my sins and bring your blood, jesus, over and into all my life today, to the borders of my kingdom and domain, everything and everywhere you have given me charge.i crucify lust, pride, deceit, selfishness, greed, envy, rage, and any other thing in my life that has separated me from you.i crucify those sins of omission, too: especially not reaching out to others to share about your work in my life. today will be a day to "go tell it!"please help me be mindful of my physical health and its limits. i hate feeling weak, but i know you're helping me with all of that, too.lord almighty, may my face reflect true joy i have in you as i'm reminded constantly of how my cup overflows!i pray now and ask that you would levy the most intense, nuclear-level, spiritual beat-down upon your enemies today. may your forces be even more triumphant!i love you and draw near to you now.in jesus' name, amen



posted by daniel @ 6:37 am  

        





tuesday, january 14, 2020



	 i'm struggling with the losses i'm experiencing
    


      lord,i am struggling with the losses i'm experiencing, among them:my recent health diagnosis and the changes it's forcing on me andmy job telling me they cannot keep me on at full pay though they value what i dothe enemy is already here, trying to make me feel like a failure, like there is no hope, to create even more anxiety. agreements likeno one will hire you because you are too oldno one will hire you because you don't have the right experienceno one will hire you because they cannot afford youno on will hire you because of your health.lord, here and now — i break these and any other agreements i have made with the enemy! they are null and void because of your blood on the cross!it's not what anyone else may say about me or my ability that matters. it's what you say!in jesus'name amen!



posted by daniel @ 6:35 am  

        








	 i am unprepared for the day ahead
    


      dear godi come to you now unprepared for the day ahead. i do this every morning as i have done over the years. i acknowledge that i have no control over the direction of my days except for what you will give me.i have sinned. i have willfully walked straight into it. i've been nasty. i've been deceitful. i've been selfish. i do not want this to be my story. i know it's not who i really am.lord jesus, i bring your lordship back over all of my life right now.i cannot go into this day without you.please forgive my sins. i renounce them.holy spirit, i am so grateful for you being the life of god in me, the same spirit that raised jesus from the dead. fill me afresh, holy spirit. i want to walk in step with you today.in jesus' name, amen



posted by daniel @ 6:25 am  

        





tuesday, february 15, 2011



	 please help my crushed spirit
    


      dear god,i've had my spirit crushed,  and it really hurts. someone i love and care about deeply said something very hurtful to me in anger.we were upset at each other. it started off over something petty, but something that has been bothering me for some time. i saw an opportunity to express my frustration that an expectation i have has not been met. i feel respected when this is ordinarily taken care of, and it seems so easy to do.this blew up into something i didn't expect or want to. she said things, and i decided to move myself from the situation. then she said the thing that took the wind out of me. maybe she didn't mean for it to be hurtful,  but it sure did.she has since apologized, and i told her i want to forgive her, but i'm dealing with the hurt right now.i will forgive. you've forgiven me for even worse, lord.right now i want the hurt to go away. i know the enemy wants to use this as an opportunity for defeat. and i can feel the temptation to use this guilt she who hurt me against her.he will not prevail. i am not defeated and you are much bigger than that, my commitment to you will not let this happen.i pray for the other who witnessed all of this. she hates when this happens. please comfort her soul, lord.thank you, lord, for loving me, for giving me so much!and thank you for healing my broken spirit!in jesus' name,amen
    


posted by daniel @ 4:27 pm  

        





sunday, august 17, 2008



	 prayer for one who has crossed over to the other side
    


      dear heavenly father,this morning you welcomed home a brother in christ.  we all knew this day would eventually come, and it is indeed a bittersweet moment.  we're glad he gets to live with you, but we miss him not being here.i pray for those left behind that you would wrap your everlasting arms around them and provide them with comfort, for you are the god of all comfort.i know there are numerous details that must be attended to, and i pray that you would give wisdom to those making decisions.  i also know that as sinful people, we all need your help in times like this.  please help the family to do what it needs to do.in addition, there will be many months of grieving.  lord, i pray that you will help the family grieve.  i know this is natural.  help them to know that the pain they feel is real.lord, you are an awesome god!  i look forward to the day i get to be in heaven with you.  thank you so much for your son jesus, who died and rose again.because of that, i have a relationship with you, and because of that, i have hope.it's in his name i pray this.amenlabels: death, grief, mourning, wisdom



posted by daniel @ 9:12 am  

        





tuesday, january 22, 2008



	 casting off anxiety
    


      dear lord,i come before you with anxiety in my heart.  i know you know all things and that you rule over nature.  you are the sovereign lord.i am concerned about our personal financial situation.  we don't have enough money to pay and get current on our bills.  we get phone calls regularly from creditors, and we've come to dread the phone ringing.we have a car that is very old and shows its age.  currently, the heater motor is not working as we need it.  it's cold outside, and we've had to limit our travel because we have been unable to see out the windows.moreover, i am as usual concerned with my wife driving throughout the night, in inclement weather, in a car that has this situation.as you know, i work 1+ hours from home, and the company has been on me about not getting to work by 8:30.----i know that i have sin in my heart.  i confess my sin that i have been unfaithful and have not been zealous for you.  i have not led my family passionately.  i have been lazy.  i have been impatient.  i could go on and on.where could i go but to you, o god?  only you can take away the guilt of sin.  i'm sorry for willful sin i've committed, and i'm sorry for unconscious sin.please make me as white as the snow and renew my mind and heart.  help me to be the man you need me to be.  i know that i'm better than i think i am.  i know that i can do more than i think i can.  help me to think big.thank you, heavenly father.in jesus' name,amenlabels: finances, worry



posted by daniel @ 6:04 am  

        





thursday, august 09, 2007



	 help my wife fall back in love with you
    


      dear god,thank you so much for giving me my wife.  i have been so blessed during our marriage, and i truly love her.i pray for her.  you know that she feels cold toward you; she's admitted it herself.  she knows that what she feels isn't right, yet she feels stuck in her heart.  she is reluctant to change, to give her heart to you.  it's as though her heart has become a heart of stone.  you know it's been this way for quite some time.i call out to you, o god, because you see things that are not as though they are.  you see the woman of god that she can become.  i beg you, o lord, to change and transform her heart, so that she really desires and loves you, the way she did at first.there is not much i can do to change her; i leave that to you.  i do so miss her love for you as displayed in her daily walk.  you know what i'm trying to say.  please change my wife's heart.  help her to fall back in love with you.in your son jesus' name i pray,amen.labels: change, heart, love, marriage, wife



posted by daniel @ 6:00 am  

        










about me

name:  daniel 
location:  cincinnati, ohio, united states 
to connect others and help tell great stories. balcony person. woo. positive. strategic. communicator. activator. enabler. digital marketing. community builder. new media cincinnati founder. public speaker. spiritual. husband. father. son. brother.
view my complete profile






previous posts

what is this "new normal"?
uncertainty, confession, renewal, strength
i'm struggling with the losses i'm experiencing
i am unprepared for the day ahead
please help my crushed spirit
prayer for one who has crossed over to the other side
casting off anxiety
help my wife fall back in love with you
prayer for help in relating to child
please alleviate vacation jitters

archives


- archives -
february 2002
march 2002
april 2002
may 2002
june 2002
july 2002
august 2002
september 2002
october 2002
november 2002
december 2002
january 2003
february 2003
march 2003
april 2003
may 2003
june 2003
july 2003
august 2003
september 2003
october 2003
november 2003
december 2003
january 2004
february 2004
march 2004
april 2004
june 2004
july 2004
august 2004
october 2004
december 2004
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
september 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
may 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
december 2006
may 2007
august 2007
january 2008
august 2008
february 2011
january 2020


other blogs



<
?
ameriblogs
#
>


<<
?
verbosity
#
>>










everything written here is my personal opinion and not that of my employer.





