



bunswitcher's benches -- home of the spankmeister










welcome to...


home of the spankmeister
    
  the world's finest spanking bench

the story of the spankmeister
bunswitcher is a craftsman and long-time participant in the bdsm
    scene.  as a “switch”, his ambition has been to build a spanking bench that would
    provide an ideal spanking experience for both the spanker and the
    spankee.  his designs have been evolving over a period of years
    and began with the well-known and beloved green monster benches, so named
    because they were painted green.  the spankmeister is the latest
  development in this evolution.

 an ideal spanking bench should be very comfortable and supportive,
    so that the spankee is not distracted from the spanking experience by
    pressure points and stresses that have nothing to do with the actual
    spanking.  it should present the buttocks attractively and make them
    fully accessible, which the all-fours position does.  however, the usual
    all-fours position places the buttocks down low, forcing the spanker to
    bend over to reach them and interfering with an easy and accurate aim.
    the spankmeister solves that problem by positioning the spankee on all
    fours but raised well up off the ground, with the buttocks almost level
    with a comfortable arm position.  

almost all spanking benches provide some form of bondage.  the
    spankmeister includes restraints at five locations: behind the knees, at
    the calves, around the waist, at the head, and at the wrists.  the
    effect of these restraints is to immobilize the spankee almost
    completely.  although some wriggling is possible, it does not interfere
    with the accurate placement of the strokes but merely acts as an
  entertaining provocation for the spanker.

a well-designed spanking bench should provide easy access not only to the
    buttocks but also to the back, breasts, and genitals.  the
    spankmeister's restraining straps are placed so that the back is
    completely unobstructed except for a single strap at the waist.  unlike
    most spanking benches, the hips are supported separately from the shoulders and
    head, with a gap in between that leaves the breasts hanging down and
    fully accessible.  no matter how the spankee struggles, he or she cannot
    tuck them in or otherwise prevent the spanker from doing whatever the
    spanker wishes with them.  an indentation in the hip support provides
  excellent access to the genitals.

although the spankmeister is primarily designed for spanking, it does have
    other uses.  it is particularly suitable for tickle torture and rear-end
    play of every variety.  because the feet are well immobilized and
    the soles are easily accessible, it also works well for bastinado and
  other forms of foot play.

spankees, of course, come in all shapes and sizes.  the spankmeister
    is adjustable over a wide range in order to accommodate different body
    dimensions.  there are six separate adjustments: the distance between
    the head support and the hip support, the height of the head support,
    the distance from the shoulder support to the head support,
    the height of the hip support, the leg spread and angle, and the
    distance from the shoulders to the handbar to which the restraining
    wrist cuffs are anchored. the most critical adjustment, the distance
    between head and hips, is very easily achieved by loosening four knobs, moving the
    headrest base to the desired position, and tightening the knobs.
    other adjustments are obtained by moving pins or bolts from one hole to
  another or by loosening and tightening wing nuts.

it is often desirable to move bondage furniture from one place to
    another or to store it in a closet.  the spankmeister and its
    predecessors were all designed to be easily assembled and disassembled,
    with no tools needed.  the pieces are connected using carriage bolts
    and wing nuts.  assembly of the spankmeister by a single person usually
    takes about 25 minutes, disassembly about 20 minutes (less with help, of
    course).  in its disassembled form, the spankmeister fits in an ordinary
    car trunk; the base frame, which is the longest piece, is 40
    inches long. because of their portability, bunswitcher has been able to
  bring his spanking benches to many bdsm events.

design and construction details
the bench is constructed mostly of pine and fir, stained and
    varnished.  the knee rests are heavily padded and angled inward. when
    the restraining straps are properly adjusted, the effect is to cushion
    and cradle the knees and lower legs. the front surface of the hip
    support is angled back, rather than straight, so that the edges follow
    the contours of the inner thighs.  the effect is to create a slight but not
    uncomfortable pressure on the inner thighs that many spankees find to be
  erotic.

the shoulder support is fairly narrow, front-to-back, and almost
    v-shaped.  the reason for the narrowness is that for most women the
    distance from the top of the shoulder to the top of the breasts is
    short, and it is desirable that the shoulder rest not prevent the
    breasts from fully hanging down.  the shoulder support and head support
    are separately upholstered but mounted on a common base.
 the u-shaped
    head support cradles the head, producing a sense of visual isolation.
    that sense is reinforced by the head cover, made of lycra spandex and
    fastened at all four corners.  the rear fastening straps go around the
    back of the neck and the front fastening straps go over the forehead.
    the effect is to hold the spankee's head firmly in place and prevent it
  from rising should the spankee be struggling vigorously.

the padded handbar is mounted on the post under the headpiece.
    custom-made wrist cuffs with velcro closures are fastened securely to
    its ends. (these cuffs are also available separately.) the handbar provides a place for the spankee to grip.  its
  position can be adjusted by moving it up or down the post.
the upholstery is black vinyl and thickly padded to
    provide excellent and comfortable cushioning.  the straps are nylon
    webbing with quick-release buckles.  the nylon webbing provides
    continual adjustability, an advantage over leather straps for which the
  available holes limit the adjustment points.

the post underneath the hip support features an attached small
    semicircular steel loop that can serve as an anchor point for a rope or
  cord attached to the genitals or to genital jewelry. 
the bench includes a separate platform that normally is placed
    between the knee supports.  the platform makes it easier for the spankee
    to enter or exit the bench, and also enables the spanker to be
    positioned at a good height for getting “up close and personal”
  with the spankee.
most of the hardware consists of 5/16" bolts in three different
    lengths together with washers and wing nuts.  a convenient storage bag
  for the hardware is provided.


photos
  
click any photo for a larger view. 



side view

hip support
the bench
    disassembled 



closer rear view
rear view with
      platform

head and
  shoulder supports



pricing & delivery
the price of a spankmeister bench is $1000.  when no benches are
    currently available, a $100 deposit will reserve your place in the
    queue.
    delivery can be
    arranged for points within a two-hour driving distance of bunswitcher's
    home in western massachusetts for a flat fee of $75 (that includes much
    of the boston area).  benches can be shipped to anywhere in the us;
    shipping costs for eastern locations are typically around $80 and for
  western locations around $140.

spankmeister spanking benches are individually built, so availability may
    vary.  older models are available at reduced prices from time to
  time. a premium version of the bench, made with laminated hardwoods and
  employing brass and bronze hardware, can be specially ordered at a cost
  of $1800.








  layout & content
  by bunswitcher
  © 2014



