



	hunting dogs, bird dogs, gun dogs - dog supplies, articles, video tips, talk radio






        committed to being the internet’s best source of hunting dog supplies and information relating to hunting dogs.
    










sign in



shopping cart:0 itemstotal: $0.00view cart








home

hunting dog supplies


shop by brand

tri-tronics
garmin collars
sportdog
dogtra
innotek
dt systems
petsafe
dokken
gunners up
zinger winger
retriev-r-trainer
pro ears
randolph engineering
foiles
real geese
tim grounds
walker game ears

specials

current coupons




dog collars

dog training collars
dog tracking collars
beeper collars
no bark collars
leather dog collars
nylon collars
biothane collars
pinch collars
shock collars
electronic collars

dog fences

electric dog fence
wireless dog fence
indoor pet containment

bird / bumper launchers

remote bumper launcher
bird launchers

training bumpers

dokken dead fowl trainers
plastic dog bumpers
canvas dog bumpers
dog training kits



training supplies

dog whistles
whistle lanyards
british style slip leads
dog leashes
check cords
dog training scents
dog bells
dog vests
bird supplies
misc. dog supplies

kennel supplies

dog bowls & buckets
dog doors
dog first aid kits
dog grooming supplies

dog crates

plastic dog crates
wire dog crates
metal dog crates



hearing protection

electronic hearing protection
ear plugs & ear muff

shooting supplies

shooting glasses
shooting vests
shooting jackets
shooting bags
gun cleaning supplies
shooting accessories

goose hunting equipment

goose calls
goose decoys
goose hunting blinds

books & dvd's

hunting dog training books
hunting dog training dvd's
hunting dog training videos




online magazine


featured areaswe offer hundreds of articles and videos on how to training your hunting dog for the upcoming season. please check out the following sections of our online magazine:
                




hunting dog training
retriever training
pointing dog training
spaniel training




hunting dog articles
hunting dog videos
hunting dog talk radio
photo gallery




bird hunting
waterfowl hunting
upland bird hunting



hunting dogs for sale

videos

advertising


advertising on gundogsonline.com



manufacturers, guides / outfitters
we offer businesses a chance to advertise on the largest hunting dog audience on the internet.  advertising with us is a fraction of the cost normally associated with traditional advertising.

kennels and trainers
for breeders and trainers that want the most cost effective way to market to our audience our classified ad area offers an affordable alternative to newspaper ads.


 when you advertise with us you know you are reaching a targeted audience with a desire to learn more about training / caring for hunting dogs and who have a proven track record of purchasing hunting dog related supplies. download our media kit









twitter
facebook
join us on






helping you get the most from your hunting dogssearch











previoushunting dog suppliessportdog sd-425 field trainer$169.95sportdog sd-1825 with free holster$289.95sportdog sd-825 sporthunter with free holster$199.95garmin barklimiter$79.99sportdog nobark sbc-10r$99.95petsafe little dog remote trainer (pdldt-13410)$84.99petsafe elite big dog trainer (pdt00-13625)$159.95next




tweet






joint problems and hunting dogs


what type of dog food to feed your puppy -- eric altom, ph. d, senior nutritionist, p&g professional pet care - eukanuba, talks about the nutritional needs of a hunting dog puppy and what to look for in dog food.  when to feed your dog -- eric altom, ph. d, senior nutritionist, p&g professional pet care - eukanuba, talks about the correct and and frequency of feeding an performance hunting dog. keeping your hunting dog properly hydrated -- eric altom, ph. d, senior nutritionist, p&g professional pet care - eukanuba, talks about tips for keeping your dog properly hydrated while hunting or training.  


latest premium classifiedsgerman wirehair pointer puppies for sale northeast coloradowhelp dates:  11/3/24 (1 liver/roan male and 1 liver/roan female) and 12/4/24 (2 liver/roan male and 6 solid liver    price: call   breeder: larry conger   location: hillrose, coakc gwp1 female
2 males 
whelped 7-7-24
both parents upland hunt.
socialized pups that should make fantastic bird bogs   price: 1000   breeder: amy earp   location: miami, okakc hungarian vizsla puppiessire and dam are imported from hungary and come from champion bloodlines. all dogs are akc and dna tested. this is    price: 900   breeder: russell  tincher   location: linden, mi



industry news
tri-tronics field & pro series rebatepennsylvania game commission relases 2010-2011 deer harvest estimatesccrkba ‘guns save lives' eventbig jump in hunting license salespeta may have misused video imagesrocky mountain wolf updateidaho to stop wolf management under esafirearms industry matches atf rewardfirearms microstamping study bill introduced in u.s. housealtus brands donates 1,000 bughatsussa and others seek great lakes wolf delisting strong demand drives winchester ammo salesvideo interviews illustrate first shots successsales remain strong for manufacturers




market place







product reviewselectronic dog training collar reviewsmore than 30 years ago, electronic collars made their way into the dog-training scene. however, because the first generation of electronic collars were only capable of delivering one level of stimulation to the dog, they where appropriately nicknamed “shock collars”.  these collars required the trainer to select the level of correction by inserting an “intensity plug” into the collar (before putting the collar on the dog for training, once the collar was on the dog they could not change the intensity level).  this plug would then cause the collar to emit the same level of stimulation for all corrections issued during the session, regardless of how small or large the infraction – hence the nickname “shock collar”. (continue)electronic hearing protection reviewsthe “electronic age” has changed hearing protection for the sportsmen.  technology has not only increased the effectiveness, but it has also made improvements to comfort, size, and amplification.  shooters can now wear units that comfortably fit within the ear canal offering ultimate implications and protection. 

this guide will walk you through electronic hearing protection jargon, explain the technologies and give insight to the best possible solution for electronic hearing protection. quality units are available for about $100.00, but if budget is not a concern, advanced protection can be purchased for over $1000.00.  
(continue)bird launchers and dummy launchers reviewsits hard to argue that the technological advancements in dog training over the past 15-20 years has done nothing but help dog trainers advance their dog to new heights.  two products that immediately come to mind are bird launchers and dummy launchers. (continue)


latest photo contest entriessteady - this was my english springer spaniel, amber, sitting steady, ready to run for a retrieve. she was only about 14 months when this was taken.photo by: isabella petttoolie and daisy on the hunt - labs out duck hunting photo by: kelly floresi hear geese! - oaklee lee 2 yo chocolate lab listening for geese in the pit. best new year's eve ever!photo by: rodney leewatching for ducks! - this is oaklee lee when he was 2 yo.photo by: rodney leeall in a day's work - gunther the gun dog looking over the day's bag.photo by: rich alfredoold truck - oregon photo by: john  alleva




hunting dogs articlesforce fetchforce fetching retrievers is difficult, especially when you lack experience. when a dog does not respond, do you need to apply more pressure, less pressure, ease up on requirements, shorten the session, or perhaps bear down and keep trying until he gets it? even experienced trainers can find it hard to read a dog that is doing nothing. (continue)establishing a solid quartering pattern - an interview with david lauberlast issue we spent time talking with david lauber, regarding the introduction of young dogs to gunfire during fieldwork. this issue we will continue our talk, but step back a bit and talk about establishing a strong quartering pattern before shooting over the dog and eventually steadying a young spaniel. (continue)prairie chickens on tribal grounda covey rise of prairie chickens flushing fast, chuckling and flashing their fanned tail feathers is a wild western wing shooting adventure for sure.(continue)


request a free catalog(click here)





 



















home
terms and conditions
privacy
about
contact
advertise

copyright ©2025  geoffrey english - all rights reserved















