




	home - front page - realty icons	






















































































call us today! 713-956-6252|info@realtyicons.com




loan pre-qualification
mortgage calculator
mortgage icons login
realty icons login


 












your one stop real estate consultant group  






home
property search 

map search
master planned community finder
neighborhood finder
new homes & builder incentives


home buyers 

first time buyers

first time home buyer articles
rent vs buy
affordable housing
downpayment assistance


loan pre-qualification


home sellers 

home seller articles
market analysis
seller tips


relocation services
resources 

connect utilities
golf course finder
home value finder
mortgage calculator
mortgage dictionary
open house finder
school finder

search for houston schools




news & info 

helpful articles
real estate blog


contact us





 


 

home – front pagecory keith2022-09-28t17:05:12-05:00 




















welcome to realty icons®
whether you are looking for a new home or want to sell your current home, we can help with finding you the right property, creatively marketing your home for sale and financing the transaction.
realty icons provides the following services:

✓  buyer representation
✓  seller representation
✓  new home sales
✓  relocation services
✓  foreclosure homes
✓  hud & va homes


✓  first time home buyer’s program
✓  property management
✓  home mortgage loans
✓  purchases or refinance
✓  timely performance





what can you expect when you use our services?
+ care
realty icons approaches each transaction as more than a business process because we know that buying or selling a home is one of your most important financial decisions. realty icons know that the wisest decision is the most informed one. we will help you explore all the options and provide straightforward answers to all of your questions.
+ integrity
total honesty is the key to all good relationships and we are committed to being 100% honest. realty icons really cares about what your needs are. we help families make the most of their investment. we provide you straight answers – even if the best option may be to not buy or sell property. it’s the difference that has earned us so many friends and satisfied clients.
+ commitment
the trust and confidence you experience when you work with realty icons stems from our wholehearted commitment to doing the very best for you. realty icons handle all negotiations. we make sure that you completely understand the terms of the contract and get the most for your investment.
+ results
you deserve a real estate company who you can count on and who will produce the results you need. we have proven our ability to handle any situation that might arise during a transaction. our knowledgeable real estate professionals understand it all: financing, interest rates, marketing and life-style needs. through each step, we never lose sight of the fact that real estate is not about dealing with property, but about helping people.






information about brokerage services
texas complaint recovery notice




 

consumer access
register


 
certifications





 






 5718 westheimer rd. ste 1000
houston, texas 77057
realtyicons@gmail.com
real estate broker license #0464152 nmls license #227269
 








copyright 2016 realty icons | designed by awd


























