 





my sunshine coast































 
 
skip to navigation
skip to content




home

home
contact
about us


real estate

sunshine coast real estate
residential property

property for sale
land for sale
property for rent
find a residential agent


rural property

rural property for sale
find a rural agent


business

business for sale
find business broker


commercial

commercial for sale
commercial for lease
find commercial broker


for agents / brokers


































my sunshine coast

looking for sunshine coast business for sale, please follow this link.



hibernation? hiatus? holiday?

we at my sunshine coast are taking a break. hibernation? hiatus? holiday? more like long service leave maybe? 😉
like many small businesses across the nation, covid-19 really took a toll, the last year has been rather difficult both personally and professionally. as many of you know, we are a family organisation and don’t run my sunshine coast as a profit-making entity. with less staff in 2020 and the need to attend to other business concerns, has made keeping content up to date difficult which of course results in extra stress on our lives as well.
we say “hibernation” as we have proudly been helping many community groups with their events and news on the sunshine coast since 2002, we are not going to shut down the site completely, as in the not-too-distant future when life settles down a bit and our family is in a better place to cope with the extra unpaid work, we are looking forward to taking up the reins again.
we will keep all of our social media live, in case something big happens and of course we all enjoy kylie’s lovely sunrise photos to get our days started. in the meantime, thanks to all who have supported us over the years, and we will be emailing & chatting with you again soon 😎
regards,
noely, stephen, caitlin & pat







sunshine coast weather
 21.9 °





recent sunshine coast real estate view all

 








 



copyright © 2002 - 2025 my sunshine coast life abn 59 746 326 962 all rights reserved.
         site managed by subtle difference
powered by the realonline cms.
     
this site is not affiliated with any government/private entity associated with a name similar to the site domain name.
         all trademarks and web sites that appear throughout this site are the property of their respective owners. the information on mysunshinecoast.com.au may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors and may not be complete or current. mysunshinecoast.com.au reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. please note that such errors, inaccuracies or omissions may relate to product/service description, pricing and /or availability.  view our disclaimer / terms of service for more information.











  


ã—




save property
this property has been added to your save list now.






×




login to members area








don't have registration yet ? "create account"
if you have lost / forgotten your password click: "lost password"
note: this login is to manage your real estate alerts/preferences and not to register your business details for the directory. to submit sunshine coast business data please visit here.































