












healthy people 2030 | odphp.health.gov











    skip to content


    skip to navigation


















u.s. department of health and human services
office of disease prevention and health promotion








healthy people


menu












objectives and data

toggle objectives and data sub menu 
        


find objectives


leading health indicators


overall health and well-being measures


about the objectives


data sources and methods


about disparities data




tools for action

toggle tools for action sub menu 
        


healthy people in action


healthy people in states and territories


use healthy people 2030 in your work


use healthy people 2030 evidence-based resources in your work


browse evidence-based resources




priority areas

toggle priority areas sub menu 
        


health literacy in healthy people 2030


social determinants of health




about

toggle about sub menu 
        


healthy people 2030 framework


how has healthy people changed?


timeline


workgroups


healthy people 2030 champion program


promoting healthy people 2030






custom list 







search healthy people 2030












healthy people 2030
building a healthier future for all











healthy people 2030 sets data-driven national objectives to improve health and well-being over the next decade.

find objectives



3
5
8


healthy people 2030 includes 358 core — or measurable — objectives as well as developmental and research objectives.learn more about the types of objectives.









social determinants of healthsocial determinants of health have a major impact on people's health and well-being — and they're a key focus of healthy people 2030.
read about social determinants of health


 









leading health indicators infographics leading health indicators (lhis) are a small subset of high-priority objectives that drive action toward improving health and well-being. the lhi infographics offer engaging visual interpretations of the overall data and select population disparities data.
view the leading health indicators infographics


 









health disparities data featurehealthy people 2030’s disparities data feature allows you to track changes in disparities to see where we’re improving as a nation — and where we need to increase our efforts.
learn how to use the disparities data feature


 









evidence-based resourceshealthy people 2030 provides hundreds of evidence-based resources to help you address public health priorities.
browse evidence-based resources


 








healthy people in action spotlight




healthy people news and eventsexplore the new healthy people 2030 leading health indicators infographicsposted on december 5, 2024
 by odphp

image
 



healthy people leading health indicators (lhis) reflect major causes of death and disease in the united states. they track health conditions like diabetes, cancer, and obesity, as well as social determinants of health like employment, environmental health, education, and food insecurity. together, lhis cover every stage of life.read more on odphp.health.gov
















@healthgov on x


get email updates










accessibility


privacy policy


freedom of information act


disclaimers


copyright policy


viewers and players


nondiscrimination notice


vulnerability disclosure policy


visit healthy people 2020


share your feedback








this microsite is coordinated by the office of disease prevention and health promotion, office of the assistant secretary for health, office of the secretary, u.s. department of health and human services.


u.s. department of health and human services
oash - office of disease prevention and health promotion













the office of disease prevention and health promotion (odphp) cannot attest to the accuracy of a non-federal website.


linking to a non-federal website does not constitute an endorsement by odphp or any of its employees of the sponsors or the information and products presented on the website.
you will be subject to the destination website's privacy policy when you follow the link.
hhs is not responsible for section 508 compliance (accessibility) on other federal or private websites.

cancel
continue to your destination: 














