


vancouver airport transportation| whistler limousine services |vancouver limousine services













home
our fleet
services
reservations
customer care
contact us







we would happily add your company to our 
			
			growing list of corporate customers... more
  for reservations , call on our toll 
			free

			  number now 1-800-278-8742 ...more
  when one of our professional 
			chauffeurs 
			
  meets you inside the arrivals  ...more





welcome to our site !
 let us take care of your ride while you take care of 
			business

			as a limojet gold limousine services corporate account customer, 
			you’ll receive a detailed statement with your monthly billing. it 
			lets you know exactly who went where and when. we would happily add 
			your company to our growing list of corporate customers. simply fill 
			out the application form below.
limojet gold limousine corporate 
			accounts form

vancouver’s premiere limousine service


			limojet gold limousine service was the official limousine supplier 
			at the vancouver international airport from 1986 to april 2009. we 
			have been serving clients from the lower mainland, north america, 
			and around the world since 1986. with one the largest fleets of 
			luxury sedans and stretch limousines in british columbia, our 
			mission is to provide exceptional limousine service at affordable 
			rates for both visitors and residents. we also offer gift certificates

			for limousine service to or from the vancouver international 
			airport, half day tour of spectacular vancouver, for your wedding, 
			graduation party, a night out in town with your friends, or a ride 
			to the gorgeous village of whistler, riding in style with limojet 
			gold limousine services is surprisingly affordable.

			limojet gold limousine services is a proud member of tourism 
			vancouver, tourism whistler, the vancouver chamber of commerce and 
			the vancouver board of trade.
			

our services
whistler limousine services
enjoy the spectacular ride up 
			the sea to sky highway as limojet gold limousine services escorts 
			you in luxury to whistler's world-famous resort. whistler limousine 
            services starting at $300.00
airport limousine services
limojet gold limousine service 
			was the exclusive limousine company at the the vancouver 
			international airport from 1986- april 2009; however we are still 
			...
wedding limousine services
travel on your wedding day 
			simply has to be elegant. for dependable and reliable wedding 
			limousine service, choose limojet gold limousine services. 
graduation limousine services
limojet gold limousine 
			services has been chauffeuring graduating classes to and from their 
			graduation ceremonies and celebrations safely since 1986.
view more 


our services 

airport services
wedding services
sightseeing services
cruise ship services
graduation services
night-out services
whistler services
corporate services
casino services


service areas


contact information
		limojet gold limousine services ltd.

		1441 clark drive,


				vancouver bc,  v5l 3k9

tel: 604-215-3337 or

                   604-273-1331

fax:               604-215-0425

toll free:        1-800-278-8742

email: 
		info@limojetgold.com





      	limojet gold limousine services ltd. © 2011.  all rights reserved. 
   		design by : web 
		design canada , 
   	web 
		development vancouver








