
















welcome to grant plaza - san francisco ca






























limited time offer! guaranteed lowest rate! book now & save $20 













home
rooms
gallery
location
attractions
book now


























select check-in check-out dates, then "search availability"



search availability









the hotel will be fully sanitized for your safety

        location & value
      
the grant plaza hotel in san francisco has been rated by many as a “best buy” located right in the heart of san francisco.





centrally located

inside the gateway to chinatown
3 blocks to union square
1 block to the 5-star ritz carlton
1 block to the financial district
1 block to cable car line
6 block to moscone center
13 blocks to at&t ball park






            limited time offer! book now 


about grant plaza hotel
the grant plaza hotel in san francisco has been rated by many as a “best buy” and is located right in the heart of san francisco.

san francisco's restaurants and theaters are within minutes of the hotel.
all rooms are newly renovated with the latest amenities and are non-smoking.
we guarantee that you will find a best rate with us!


grant plaza hotel 
465 grant ave.
san francisco,
ca 94108
phone: 415-434-3883  
email: info@grantplaza.com
 
   web accessibility
see more images of our hotel







        directions
      
special parking rate

special parking rate is available at a garage nearby. please inquire at the front desk for special parking info.









                    from the east bay/oakland bay bridge:
                  




follow i-80 west across bay bridge. from the right-hand lane take the fremont street exit. at the light, merge right onto fremont st. follow fremont for 5 blocks, crossing market onto front st., then quickly turn left onto pine st. and go five blocks to the corner of grant and pine. the loading zone is on grant, you may want to go around the block.







                    from south bay/sfo airport:
                  




follow 101 north to i-80 east towards downtown/bay bridge. take fourth street exit. at the stoplight continue straight onto bryant st.; follow bryant 1 block to third st. turn left onto third and go 8 blocks (you will cross market st. onto kearny) to sutter st. turn left onto sutter, go 1 block to grant ave. and turn right. proceed 2 blocks to pine st.; hotel is on the left.







                    from north bay/golden gate bridge:
                  




follow 101 south across the golden gate bridge. follow 101 south through town along lombard st. turn right onto van ness ave-continuing on 101 south. turn left onto bush st. follow bush 10 blocks to grant ave. turn left onto grant and go 1 block to the corner of grant and pine; hotel is on the left.

















        rooms
      
all rooms are newly renovated with the latest amenities and are non-smoking

all rooms include:

private ensuite bath
housekeeping daily 
satelite tv 
free wifi access

additional amenities at front desk

irons and sewing kits
disposable toothbrush
fax service 
internet stations
free morning coffee








2 twin beds









1 double bed









deluxe 2 doubles
some rooms are ada accessible with roll in shower









1 queen bed







             
we are a historic boutique hotel. rooms are comfortable for two people. some guest rooms and bathrooms are compact.  guest rooms do not have air conditioning.
disabled access is complicated by the historic nature of the building.  click web accessbility tab for details. some rooms with ada accessible with roll in shower".
disabled access
the hotel was constructed in 1922.  no significant modifications have been made to the structure since construction.
all readily achievable barriers have been addressed.  however, the public areas, elevators and rooms still present some challenges that cannot be corrected.  the hotel had an accessible entrance.  the hotel does not have its own parking, fitness center. we will always assist any guests and make reasonable accommodations to meet our guest's needs.
hearing impaired/accessible rooms feature: *strobe light smoke detectors *tty phones *available closed caption televisions *grab bar in roll in shower area. 





        gallery
      
click image to enlarge



















        attractions
      
with our location in the heart of san francisco, there is much to see & explore just minutes away!






chinatown
a city within a city, san francisco chinatown is the largest chinatown outside of asia. experience the history, architecture and culture of the oldest chinatown in north america. it is a unique cultural adventure you will never forget. explore the chinatown streets on a walking tour, or experience the friendly guided food tours. located on grant avenue and stockton street, it is one of the top tourist attractions in san francisco.
 view map







union square
union square refers to the central shopping, hotel, and theater district that surrounds the plaza for several blocks.  it is a california historical landmark. today, this one-block plaza and surrounding area is one of the largest collections of department stores, upscale boutiques, gift shops, art galleries, and beauty salons in the united states, making union square a major tourist destination, and one of the world’s premiere shopping districts.
view map







lombard street
lombard street is famous for having a steep, one-block section that consists of eight tight hairpin turns. this one block consists of eight turns and nearly 250 steps on each side. leave the car at the parking lot and enjoy the powel-hyde cable car which stops at the top where you can see fisherman's whart and alcatraz. the street was named after lombard street in philadelphia by san francisco surveyor jasper o’farrell.
view map










hotel information
465 grant ave.
san francisco,
ca 94108


contact information
phone: 415-434-3883
fax: 415-434-3886

email: info@grantplaza.com


reservations
book now
cancel reservation
web accessibility


customer service

chinatown ghost tour

       +14  ° c    +14° +6°   san francisco saturday, 23    see 7-day forecast   








copyright ©2025


















