













home | integrated pest management



































skip to main content








the ohio state university




help
buckeyelink
map
find people
webmail
search ohio state



 













cfaes
give today



integrated pest management 

integrated pest management
https://ipm.osu.edu




college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences












search form

search 





 

 

menu





 

hometeamsagronomic cropsactivitiesc.o.r.n. newsletterwebsitecommunityactivitiesbed bugsticksdiagnosticactivitieswebsitespecialty cropsactivitiespumpkinslfveg net blogpollinatorsactivitiesbee lab resourcesgardiner labstakeholdersresourcesipm elementscrop profilesannual reportsarchived projectslady beetle informationmaster gardener volunteersmodular ecological designparking lot studycontact usmediaipm videosphoto gallerybed bugs 













        "plant by numbers" garden design      

        “plant by numbers” landscape pollinator habitat program will train gardeners and others to establish pollinator habitat...      

        read more »
      










        pumpkin pest management      

        pumpkin field days where research and extension topics on weeds, diseases, insects and other management topics are...      

        read more »
      










        3d printing educational materials      

        osu is focusing on 3d printing pests and guides for educational workshops with growers. 
      

        read more »
      










        spotted lanternfly awareness      

        amy stone is leading the slf educational campaign at osu.
      

        read more »
      










        public health - ticks and bed bugs in oh      

        created by susan jones, a professor of entomology with ohio state’s college of food, agricultural, and environmental...      

        read more »
      









 
 
 





 




home






 
click on the photos below to see what the ipm teams are doing!
the integrated pest management (ipm) program strives to increase adoption of ipm principles across ohio with programming for growers, urban agriculture, community groups, and others. 
 





















see current project summaries and activities conducted by faculty and educators associated with the ipm program 
 



 

 







search form

search 





 



social media

twitter
youtube
 

 









college of food agriculture and environmental sciences
© 2025, the ohio state university



college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
	integrated pest management
	1512 south us highway 68, suite b100
	urbana, oh 43078
	phone: 937-484-1526 

 

accessibility accommodation

  if you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this content request accommodation here.
maintenance and support
this site designed and maintained by cfaes marketing and communications.  for technical support please contact the cfaes helpdesk. 
 cfaes diversity  |  nondiscrimination notice  |  site map








give now
login
 

 





the ohio state university
college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
ohio state university extension
ohio agricultural research and development center
ohio state ati







 








