



easy stop smoking – body & mind natural health
















































our proven laser & hypnosis program that works! 






 




easy stop smoking 



this program was specifically designed for those that have struggled to quit 






book an appointment now! by calling 519-948-0078










seriously…do you want to quit smoking without cravings? 



this is the one program that will change your life. see if you qualify. 






call for more information... 519-948-0078











reduced cravings! 



imagine no cravings!our unique processes naturally reduce cravings – there is no need to fight them!imagine no cravings! 





reduced anxiety! 



no smoking & no anxiety!reduced anxiety because our program has natural processes to remove anxious feelings!imagine no smoking & no anxiety! 





reduced stress! 



stress reduction built in!we are stress therapists and include stress reduction into everything we do!something not found anywhere else! 







our proven process to help you stay tobacco free 







unique process of laser & hypnosis & support 



lasers to remove cravings and physical symptoms. laser experts.hypnosis to remove thoughts of smoking. certified instructors.support to help you remain confident & smoke free.1000’s of happy non smoking clients since the 1990’s.professional full time clinical offices over 20 years. 





 







a proven step  by step program that works 



windsor developed and proven.approved stress therapists for victim services.hypnosis instructors and teachers.laser instructors and teachers.voted most effective therapist.voted best quit smoking program by hypnosis works directory. 





 







long term success with years of full time experience 



only body & mind has the experience and expertise.if you are looking for a simple easy to follow program, contact us.tired of quit smoking methods that do not work? we can help!we specialize in all smokers including hard core & difficult cases.several a week to 5 packs a day – we have helped them all.stress reduction built into our unique program. 





 







we accept everyone who has the desire to quit 



you must simply have a desire to be smoke free and follow our system.our success and reputation is very important to us.our program works if followed and we only want those that agree to.our program is easy but unique  – it teaches you how to stay stopped.our key – support – support – support! helping you all the way. 





 







 



harvard university certification 



 



certified by university of toronto medical school - smoking cessation specialist. 



 





about us 



rick saruna - clinical director 





rick saruna founded body and mind in the 1990s. he is the developer of the various programs featured in the clinic.rick’s background in stress work, counseling and therapy allowed him to develop the internationally known programs at body & mind.people from all over north america have traveled many miles to experience his expertise in his programs to quit smoking, weight loss, stress, anxiety, and depression. ( see the article featured in the windsor star – to the left)his background in psychotherapy has allowed him to discover and understand the underlying emotional issues in addictive behaviors and mood disorders. when you work with rick you get a professional that will not only help you but also understand you.when it comes to smoking or weight or anxiety it is very important to keep stress under control.this is rick’s expertise. he combines stress reduction in everything he does.if you are looking for long lasting answers as well as solutions body and mind in windsor, ontario is the place to call.rick saruna will personally see you and work with you.an expert and developer of laser processes, hypnosis instructor, and a professional counselor and therapist. rick also welcomes difficult and special cases and situations. if you are looking for help call body and mind. 









 



rick saruna is considered one of windsor’s top 3 therapists. he is also recognized internationally for his proven quit smoking program. he was featured in the windsor star think wellness section. 















 



family & seminar room 





 



office reception area 





 



office outside view 











 














						“i smoked for over 40 years and have tried many times and different ways to stop smoking, failing every time.


i was not sure about doing it this way with your system, but i really wanted to quit. i saw you only 2 weeks ago and i have not had a cigarette and no desire for one.

i do not have the nervousness or temper as i had in the past trying to quit. i do not have the craving to eat like crazy, or snack on sweets, as i now understand the facts behind tobacco. i am now having my wife do your program as she now decided to be a non smoker too!”					


george w. 






						“i recently used the quit smoking right now program and today is day 30 of no cigarettes, no withdrawals, and no cravings. this is really miraculous in my case since i am 49 years old and have been smoking since i was 8. i was hooked and smoking a pack a day since i was 12, so that is 37 years smoking and to quit this easy is nothing short of a miracle. every time i tried to quit for the last 20 years, i failed . . . thanks for the program!”					


ted m. 






						“the day i walked into body & mind was one of the scariest days of my life. i was so afraid of failure that had put this day off for very long time.

after getting treatment with rick saruna i walked out of there non-smoker. no cravings at all!! getting into my car i did not even reach for a cigarette as i have been doing since i started driving 40 years ago. that habit was gone! i still get into the car and have n desire to smoke, i am so grateful that this program exists and my only regret is that i didn’t do it many years ago.

i did this for my family and realize now it is the biggest gift i could give myself. thank you rick and patti of body & mind, my life has changed in such a positive direction and failure to stop smoking is no longer a thought in my mind!”					


anne g. 






						“the quit smoking program works from day one! it was quick and easy. i tried everything else. nothing worked. i have no urges or desires for a cigarette after 40 years of smoking! you have to try it to believe it. i’m so glad i did!”					


linda r. 






						“i needed something to convince myself that after 35 years i could finally quit my 4-to-5-pack-a-day smoking habit. yes, i chain smoked from morning until night and even woke up in the middle of each night to light up. i tried meds and the nicotine replacement products. what a joke!
ten minutes into the body & mind program i knew i was going to be able to quit. i remain tobacco-free over a year later. this program was a miracle in my life and my wife considers it even more than that!
i’m also saving over $500.00 a week that i spent on this killer habit!
i highly recommend the body & mind program to anyone who wants to quit smoking once and for all!”					


jim q. 






						“quitting smoking was the best decision for my health and well being and body and mind was the best choice for helping me reach that goal. their method works the very first time and you will be so glad you let them guide you.
be a winner, be a quitter, take back control for life.
thanks to body and mind for everything. keep up the great work!”
ten minutes into the body & mind program i knew i was going to be able to quit. i remain tobacco-free over a year later. this program was a miracle in my life and my wife considers it even more than that!
i’m also saving over $500.00 a week that i spent on this killer habit!
i highly recommend the body & mind program to anyone who wants to quit smoking once and for all!”					


terry b. 






						“after years of trying everything to quit smoking, i finally tried this program. it is the best decision i ever made. it was quick, easy, and painless. its not what i thought it would be and i highly recommend this to everyone who wants to quit forever.”					


ryan d. 






						“i came to body & mind wanting results and i got way more than i expected. not only did i quick smoking after 40 years (2-3 packs a day) i also received other health benefits as well. my sleep apnea has also seemed to go way. when i go to places where people are smoking i don’t even notice the smell.

my friends can hardly believe i’m the same person that smoked so much and stopped without any desires.

i have tried everything in the past to quit smoking, including laser, hypnosis, acupuncture, nicotine replacement products, meds, special gum, cold turkey, all of it without any results. i found this to be the best and only thing available that was personable and cared about my success.

if you want to quit smoking don’t waste your time and money on all the things that don’t work like i did. had i known about this program before and all the benefits i would have done this years ago!

this is by far the best investment i have ever made in my life. take my advice this works and i strongly recommend it to you now.”					


guy l. 






						“amazing! i was a smoker for 13 years – i can now say ‘i quit!’ believe in yourself, you have all the tools . body & mind helps you find them and use them.”
my friends can hardly believe i’m the same person that smoked so much and stopped without any desires.

i have tried everything in the past to quit smoking, including laser, hypnosis, acupuncture, nicotine replacement products, meds, special gum, cold turkey, all of it without any results. i found this to be the best and only thing available that was personable and cared about my success.

if you want to quit smoking don’t waste your time and money on all the things that don’t work like i did. had i known about this program before and all the benefits i would have done this years ago!

this is by far the best investment i have ever made in my life. take my advice this works and i strongly recommend it to you now.”					


richard v. 





 previous


 next











book an appointment now!
 






call 519-948-0078 now!















body and mind natural health clinic is windsor’s only holistic clinic specializing in
stress/anxiety and empowerment. serving the since the windsor/michigan region since the
1990s. counseling individuals and families for health and happiness. 











								name							




								email							




								phone							




								message							
 

 

 

 

 

 





send













we are located in windsor, ontario canada 







body & mind natural health clinic
helping 1000’s since the 1990’s 



 





2303 central ave., windsor, ontario 





 









 





© copyright 2017 – 2023   |  easystopsmoking.com   |   all rights reserved. 































