



























fai home | fai.gov

































  skip to main content












an official website of the united states government
here's how you know


here's how you know









official websites use .gov

              a .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the united states.
            






secure .gov websites use https

              a lock (   

lock
locked padlock



 ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
            












fai csod: loginregistrationsubscribeacm/sar directoryfaqcontact us





search













menu









certification




certification




fac-c




fac-cor




fac-p/pm






credentials




credentials




federal credentials




dau credentials






training




training




find and register for courses




continuous learning 




online training (non clp)




training & certification faq




media library




student training guidebook




fai csod playlists




contractor training & resources




innovate to win






knowledge center




knowledge center




fai insights




human capital planning




careers in acquisition




research, studies & reports




leap projects




partnerships




project labor agreements






tools




tools




periodic table of acquisition innovations




contracting professional’s career roadmap




p/pm toolkit




1102 experience development tool




buy american & trade agreements decision tools




additional tools






about




about




acquisition today newsletter




our mission




our leadership




awards & recognition




award programs




legislative authority








fai csod login




registration




subscribe




acm/sar directory




faq




contact us







search











building our best: recruitment & retention of the contracting workforcethe office of federal procurement policy (ofpp) released a comprehensive blueprint designed to strengthen the federal contracting workforce and ensure the delivery of high-quality services to the american people. to build a robust talent pipeline ofpp introduces four key focus areas: (1) acquisition workforce advisory committee, (2) strategic workforce planning, (3) leadership skills, and (4) retention program.read the memorandum here



















featured topics




 
the fac-c (professional) certificationwatch fai's latest video on youtube to gain insights into and develop a comprehensive understanding of the certification process and requirements for the fac-c (professional) certification.       watch now

 
discover innovate to wina practical approach to developing the knowledge needed to think creatively, work collaboratively, and drive meaningful change as a member of the federal acquisition workforce.fai csod innovate to win how to video and guidance.      learn more! 

 
fai 2023-2025 strategic planthe fai 2023-2025 strategic plan outlines how fai will achieve its mission—to prepare the acquisition workforce (awf) at every stage of their career—while continuing to uphold its vision of being the premier institution of awf excellence.      read more!

















open seats




fld 210 - data driven decision makingfld 210tue, 02/18/2025 - 09:30
register

fcn 3930 - contracting exam study challengefcn 393tue, 02/18/2025 - 09:30
register

acq 315 - understanding industry (business acumen)acq 315mon, 03/03/2025 - 09:30
register











recent news




 

the fac-c (professional) exam - your questions answered
february 16, 2024


find out more 




 

office of federal procurement policy issues fac-c modernization memo
october 26, 2023


find out more 













 
latest acquisition today newsletterour biweekly newsletter includes updates from our training programs and the current trending news from the federal acquisition workforce.

view all newsletters












view all news


who we arefai facilitates and promotes career development and strategic human capital management for the acquisition workforce.
learn more about fai









media library


      fai offers a collection of training video products, podcasts and other selected video material all relating to the challenges of acquisition in the federal workspace.
    



the fac-c (professional) exam - your questions answered!



jun 21, 2023


fac-c credentials overview: workforce



may 24, 2023



view all media







top

















stay informed
subscribe to our newsletter, acquisition today




























right side footer menu


dau help desk


contact fai


acm/sar directory


faq


press inquiries



















fai.gov

                    an official website of the general services administration








about gsa


accessibility support


foia requests


no fear act data


office of the inspector general


performance reports


privacy policy







                looking for u.s. government information and services?
            
visit usa.gov
























































