




home - 4c foods simply the finest




























































 

 









buy now










home
contact us
products
recipes
where to buy
faq
jobs & more

jobs
about 4c
news
caffeine content
military esite
privacy policy


facebook
instagram
tiktok
 


























simply the finest







 


bread crumbs & gluten free crumbs 









 


iced tea & drink mixes 









 


iced tea & drink mix pitcher packs 









 


iced tea & drink mix stix 









 


grated cheese 









 


zero sugar iced tea 









 


liquid water enhancers 









 


energy stix 






















about us
4c foods corp. is the epitome of the american dream. beginning as a small family grocery store & cheese business in brooklyn new york in 1935, 4c foods has grown to be one of america’s premier manufactures of grated italian cheeses, bread crumbs, iced tea and drink mixes and energy drinks. today 4c foods is still a family-owned business that is steeped in their founding tradition of offering only the highest quality products and understanding the needs of the american family. this is why 4c foods is continually creating and innovating new products to satisfy the needs of the consumer, while maintaining the highest quality and remaining sensitive to the buying power of the average family.
when other companies are focused on the selling their brand, 4c foods keeps their eye on making the best products at the best prices. we strongly believe that satisfying the needs of the consumer will translate into a loyal 4c foods customer.  4c products are available in supermarkets and supercenters across the united states.  internationally, 4c can be found in canada, mexico, the caribbean, central & south america, europe and asia.
about our name:  4c foods corp. was founded by john celauro and three friends.  the first letter of each of the founders’ name created the company’s original name, 4cccc.  as each founding partner left the business, one “c” at a time was dropped from the company name and storefront signage, until only john celauro was left, hence the current name, 4c.














                        john celauro, 4c foods founder                    











from the 4c foods family to your family –
eat, drink, and enjoy!














                        frank celauro, president                    























our finest recipes



 




 
  


coconut panko shrimp with hot raspberry dipping sauce 



 




 
  


crunchy broccoli croquettes 



 




 
  


parmesan black pepper biscotti 



 




 
  


tomato butter pasta 









more recipes 
























back to top





© 4c foods 2025 


















































