



etalkinghead - a u.s. political news & opinion magazine





















































monday, february 17, 2025



login
rss
home



etalkinghead
a u.s. political news & opinion magazine



about
contributors
archives
advertise
contact
directory








a steady hand and open heart – rebuilding the american idea in a post-trump world
by wayne d. king on february 28th
in the long shadow of rattlesnake ridge where i live in new hampshire the talk these days at the common cafe or plain jane’s diner in rumney or dot’s bread and butter bistro in ashland is often turning to who the next standard bearers in the political parties should be and what their message to […]



are more tea parties in america’s future?
by kenneth e. feltman on october 1st
president obama’s comment in 2008 about small-town voters clinging to their guns and religion became a flash point for many everyday americans. remember joe the plumber? rank-and-file americans understood that obama did not respect them or their values. mitt romney’s recent comment that 47 percent of americans are dependent on government and, therefore, inclined to […]



obama’s state of the union: missing the message
by laura kiesel on january 29th
overall, obama’s state of the union address impressed. i was glad to have him tackle education more honestly than i’ve been used to with politicians, to the point of proposing the dismantling of the troublesome no child left behind act. likewise, i am glad he stuck to his guns on the health care bill, while […]



alaska kills wolves!
by laura kiesel on august 3rd
i once had a single bumper stick that emblazoned my first car, a beat-up smurf-blue chevy, that simply stated, “little red riding hood lied.” i grew up in an inner-city area. the only wild animals i ever saw were squirrels, pigeons and the occasional rat, and their wildness was in question. i never saw a […]



the tea partier in the gop’s midst
by kenneth e. feltman on june 2nd
here is what i wrote in april: the republican party will experience it at the local and state levels first, as tea party candidates defeat conventional republicans and win gop nominations. some of those tea partiers will be kooky, others will be single-issue ideologues. a few will be anti-immigrant, a smattering will be paranoid. others […]






cuccinelli should play the obamacare card
by terry mitchell on september 18th
first of all, i would like to say that i am a proud supporter of the statewide gop ticket of ken cuccinelli, e.w. jackson and mark obenshain. it is quite refreshing to have the opportunity to vote for some true conservatives. in far too many elections, as was the case in last year’s presidential election, […]



crazy hobbit zombie terrorists get their way
by kenneth e. feltman on august 14th
“i am firm. you are obstinate. he is a pig-headed fool.” – katherine whitehorn the making of a political deal is messy and crude. the debt ceiling deal was especially so. tea party supporters took a lot of the abuse during the standoff. they were called just about everything by democrats in congress, a few […]



questions about obama’s calmness
by abe markman on december 17th
is barack obama’s calmness a mask hiding layers of uncertainty about his role as president? is the president’s seemingly unflappable persona a cover for his frequent failure to use the full range of powers of his office? as others have pointed out, in utter frustration, the president too often offers the republicans what they want […]



moving towards sustainability: why the plastic drinking straw signals a starting point
by laura kiesel on july 20th
even though i consider myself fairly low impact in most of my everyday practices, giving up the plastic straw was an oversight i didn’t finally address until fairly recently. i had been on the way to weaning myself slowly off of excess waste: bringing my own tupperware to restaurants to pack leftovers (and simply not […]



blunting the arizona boycotts
by terry mitchell on may 21st
those of us who believe the state of arizona has a right to protect its borders should do our part to blunt the effects of liberal-organized boycotts against that state. we are in the majority here. most polls show that americans favor arizona’s new immigration law by nearly two to one. there is power in […]






the grand old neophobic party
by ronald pies md on november 15th
the political commentator, matthew dowd, recently suggested that the republicans have become a ‘mad men’ party in a ‘modern family’ america. in light of the drubbing gov. romney and many republicans took in the recent election, i think dowd was mostly right. but the debacle for the republicans, in my view, goes beyond being stuck […]



debt deal: winners and losers
by kenneth e. feltman on august 4th
during the contentious negotiations leading to the final deal, a re-orientation of the starting point for developing future federal budgets seems to have occurred. instead of an emphasis on appropriations and earmarks, with ever-growing federal programs, congressional budgets may now begin with program cuts. president obama did not break the tea parties by forcing the […]



republican elitism revealed
by etalkinghead staff on september 24th
in a september 15th, 2010 wall street journal article, “rove fires up talk on o’donnell”, rove fires up, republican strategist karl rove’s off-the-cuff comments about christine o’donnell’s victory as the republican nominee for delaware’s senate seat were examined. rove’s reaction to a move in the “right” direction by the defeat of rep. mike castle, labeled […]



obama, liberals threaten our nation
by philip mella on july 7th
since we just celebrated our nation’s victory for independence, it’s healthy to step back from the canvas of the current admininstration to better understand the genesis and current context of its policies. in the area of national security and military intervention, it’s been a fascinating exercise in political forensics to witness the response to president […]



europe’s search for the new holy grail
by kenneth e. feltman on may 20th
we have met the enemy, and he is us. – pogo, the comic strip philosopher created by walt kelly under the best of circumstances, the strong have trouble lifting the weak. more often, the weak pull down the strong. when the forerunner of the european union was created with the 1957 treaty of rome, europe’s […]







sponsors:







©2003-2025 etalkinghead.
home | contact










