










home - calhoon commercial


















































 



 

















home
for sale
recent sales
for lease
contact











please assign a menu to the main menu in appearance > menus
©2025 calhoon commercial · website by going interactive wordpress.

































home
for sale
recent sales
for lease
contact


 
 
 





home



calhoon commercial



downtown st.pete commercial building
$1,399,000.  
view listing
gulf front 34 unit motel for sale
$12,000,000.
view listing

largo office buildings for sale
$999,000.

view listing
previousnext

















the commercial real estate market certainly has been on a tear the last three years,  and it is more important now than ever to deal with experienced agents. florida is experiencing a huge influx of investors from all over the country, as well as large increases in population. the corresponding rapid acceleration in values has resulted in what at times seems to be a free for all when a new property becomes available.
i have been a licensed broker/salesperson specializing in commercial transactions since 1984, and my two sons and daughter bring another combined 38 years of experience to the table; with over $400,000,000 in closed business, we have the knowledge and proven marketing techniques to succeed in this strong market.
this is a highly competitive time to buy investment properties, and the process is made a little easier if you are assisted by someone with the ability to navigate the existing pitfalls, whether you have an interest in multi-family, industrial, retail, office, or hospitality.
should you have a property that you are considering selling, we will be pleased to furnish you with a confidential and complimentary market analysis. please take the time to review our recent sales page, a sampling of closings on each of which we have participated in as either the listing or selling broker, or both.
– pat calhoon


 



current commercial property for sale in the clearwater and st. petersburg areas


 




all locations
brandon
clearwater
hernando county
indian rocks beach
indian shores
lakeland
largo
maderia beach
pinellas county
pinellas park
redington beach
seminole
st. petersburg
tarpon springs
treasure island

 
all categories
for lease
for sale
recent sales

search






recent commercial property sales


 



largo retail / office building for sale / leaselargo retail / office building for sale / leaserecent sales | largo | excellent opportunity to purchase or lease a free-standing building in the rapidly rejuvenating clearwater-largo road corridor.   read moreview listing7 unit retail center in highly desirable belleair bluffs for sale7 unit retail center in highly desirable belleair bluffs for salerecent sales | largo | this belleair bluffs center sits at the lighted intersection of the town of belleair - fully occupied with well established tenants, and fresh to the market with same owner for about 30 years.   read moreview listingmain st redevelopment sitemain st redevelopment siterecent sales | lakeland | offered for sale is a 100 x 180 commercially zoned property on east main st. currently used as a car lot by a month to month tenant, this site is ideal for redevelopment or for an owner/user.   read moreview listing4th st motel or redevelopment for sale4th st motel or redevelopment for salerecent sales | st. petersburg | rare opportunity to purchase one of the few remaining small motels in st petersburg, on the highly desirable 4th st n corridor, or redevelop the site, including 2 residential lots adjacent to the rear.   read moreview listing
12345...42next 




 


































©2025 calhoon commercial real estate · website by going interactive.





















































 
























