








united states canoe association 













































 



united states canoe association 


					search				


primary menu

					skip to content				
join usca
make a donation
 





search for:



 








welcome
the united states canoe association is a nationwide community of canoe and kayak racers who race hard, train hard, and know how to have fun. the usca is dedicated to this lifetime sport and wants to help you meet your paddling goals. join us today!
we believe it is our role to provide the general public with fun paddlesport opportunities. make paddling education and instruction accessible.  we want to improve access to all paddling venues and expand paddlesport to people of all abilities and to the underserved.
the usca wants to promote paddlesports competition at the local, regional and national levels by creating strategic alliances with clubs and other organizations that represent the outdoor experience in order to expand awareness and knowledge of paddlesport.  we strive to communicate the benefits of canoeing, kayaking, rafting and stand up paddleboarding as healthy lifetime recreation activities.
the heart of the usca is the people who paddle, cherish and protect the rivers, lakes, streams, bays and oceans of the united states and beyond.


usca news – 
 january 12, 2025
2025 usca nationalsthe new england canoe and kayak racing association is proud to host the return of the usca nationals to northfield, massachusetts.  the races will be held on the connecticut river on august 7-10, 2025.








 november 4, 2023
2024 usca aluminum canoe nationals
on july 12th the usca stock aluminum nationals will be held at calico rock, arkansas, in conjunction with the white river race. more details will be uploaded soon. 


 




menumenuoverviewjoin the uscacanoe newsusca nationals

competition rules2024 aluminum nationals – calico rock, ar2024 marathon nationals – warren, pausca 2023 sanctioned eventsresults
about usca

officers and delegatesaffiliated clubsorganizational & educational docsprograms

icf travel scholarshipsadaptive paddlingsafety 
history





instagram
facebook
searchsearch 





					proudly powered by wordpress				








