















home | fort dodge public library


































      skip to main content
    














fdpl closed today

the library will be closed today due to the weather. we will reopen tuesday, february 18th. 































today's hours:




          hours & location
        


branch selector
fort dodge public library




fort dodge public library





closed







(515) 573-8167


424 central ave.
fort dodge, ia 50501
united states


view on google maps







sun: closedmon: 9:00am-8:00pmtue: 9:00am-8:00pmwed: 9:00am-5:30pmthu: 9:00am-5:30pmfri: 9:00am-5:30pmsat: closed














my account








    catalog  




    website  











          search
        








keywords




















main navigation



        toggle      

      main menu    



borrow


open menu



library cards


check out & renew


download & stream


adventure pass


fdpl recommends


lucky day collection


suggest an item


interlibrary loan




for you


open menu



kids


teens


adults




learn & explore


open menu



research tools


genealogy & local history


community resources




events


open menu



upcoming events


month calendar


special author events




services & spaces


open menu



computers, wifi & printing


copy, scan & fax


notary service


meeting rooms


book kits


books on the go


take a tour




support fdpl


open menu



friends book store


friends of the fdpl


fdpl foundation


donate





































 







 







 











previous




next
























 



 




get a library card









 



 




download & stream









 



 




eprint









 



 




fdpl recommends









 



 




contact fdpl









 



 




support fdpl














new & noteworthy







 




      adventure pass
    


 




      books on the go
    






 




      lucky day collection
    


 




      special author events
    










upcoming events






      this event is in the "kids" group.    





        feb
      

        15
      

      2025
    

        sat
      




      magnatile day!
    



      9:00am - 12:15pm
    


                      kids
                  









        feb
      

        17
      

      2025
    

        mon
      




      library closed for presidents' day
    



        all day      


closing










      this event is in the "adults" group.    





        feb
      

        18
      

      2025
    

        tue
      




      i am nobody’s slave: an author talk with pulitzer prize finalist lee hawkins (online program - participate from home!)
    



      1:00pm - 2:00pm
    


                      adults
                  





            offsite event
          









      this event is in the "kids" group.    





        feb
      

        19
      

      2025
    

        wed
      




      storytime
    



      10:30am - 11:15pm
    


                      kids
                  





view more










new titles
















a rebel without claws


after yet another bar fight and arrest, bad boy ronan reed leaves texas to live with his uncle shane, alpha of the blood moon pack. since werewolf cage fighting isn't illegal in louisiana, ronan makes big plans to lead his own team in the ring. but when he sets eyes on sweet celine cruz, his whole world stops and she becomes a tantalizing distraction he doesn't need.as an aura witch, celine always wants to help heal the broken. she knows all too well what it's like to battle anxiety, and so she's dedicated her life to helping those in need. but the second she meets ronan, she knows she's in trouble. he's everything her close-knit family would hate: a werewolf with a hot temper and a sinful grin to match, who runs with a dangerous crowd. so why can't she stay away?ronan thinks she's a good girl. little does he know, all celine wants is to do wicked things with the bad boy werewolf, who revels in breaking all her rules. but as their forbidden romance becomes too tempting to resist, ronan notices that the wolves are circling . . . and they're coming after his mate.  











listen to your sister


most anticipated by goodreads, bookriot, polygon, screenrant and more!for fans of jordan peele’s films, stranger things, and the other black girl, listen to your sister is a laugh-out-loud, deeply terrifying, and big-hearted speculative horror novel from electrifying debut talent neena viel.twenty-five year old calla williams is struggling since becoming guardian to her brother, jamie. calla is overwhelmed and tired of being the one who makes sacrifices to keep the family together. jamie, full of good-natured sixteen-year-old recklessness, is usually off fighting for what matters to him or getting into mischief, often at the same time. dre, their brother, promised he would help raise jamie–but now the ink is dry on the paperwork and in classic middle-child fashion, he’s off doing his own thing. and through it all, the nightmare never stops haunting calla: recurring images of her brothers dying that she is powerless to stop.when jamie’s actions at a protest spiral out of control, the siblings must go on the run. taking refuge in a remote cabin that looks like it belongs on a slasher movie poster rather than an airbnb, the siblings now face a new threat where their lives–and reality–hang in the balance. their sister always warned them about her nightmares. they really should have listened.“a knockout debut." -ashley winstead“incredibly original and seriously scary.” – nick medina“a brilliant fever-dream of a novel that effortlessly dances between horror, literary, and family saga—sure to appeal to fans of grady hendrix, tananarive due, mona awad, and stephen king. – maria dong











nothing ever happens here


"a charming cast of characters, a twisty mystery, and a diabolical killer make nothing ever happens here impossible to put down. a riveting page-turner with a sly sense of humor." --robyn harding, internationally bestselling author of the hatersnothing ever happens in small towns...when shelby dawson survives a harrowing attack that should have left her dead, she tries to move past it--for herself, and for her family. fifteen months later, with the help of her best friend, mackenzie, she finally feels safe again in the snowy minnesota town she calls home. but when an anonymous note appears on her windshield bearing the same threats her attacker made, shelby realizes that her nightmare has only just begun.as new evidence surfaces, and a group of well-meaning senior citizens accidentally makes the case go viral online, the situation quickly goes from bad to worse. and with suspicious accidents targeting those closest to her happening all over town, shelby can't shake the feeling that she's being watched. fighting to stay one step ahead of disaster, she finds herself asking the question on everyone's lips: who attacked her that night?but shelby isn't the only one with questions. mackenzie's husband, leo, vanished without a trace on that terrible night, and over a year later, no one knows why. until a deep dive into his finances reveals a history of debts, mismanaged funds, and hidden accounts--one of which is still active. their suspicion that leo is still alive only complicates things further, though, and when another person connected to shelby goes missing, she's caught in a race against time before her attacker becomes a killer.other thrillers from seraphina to keep you up all night: the vacancy in room 10the vanishing houron a quiet streetsuch a good wifesomeone's listening 











sonia and the super-duper disaster


sonia's adventure-filled story with worry-fighting gadgets helps kids learn how to cope when it feels like everything is going wrong.when sonia forgets mom's birthday, she's determined to whip up a super surprise and become mom's hero. but her adhd foils her best-laid plans, and her anxiety multiplies as the chaos grows. sonia has to use all her coping skills to find a new recipe for success and become her own superhero.celebrating the individual strengths and special qualities of neurodivergent children, sonia helps children with adhd and anxiety recognize how their bodies feel when they become anxious and gives them tools to calm down with her worry-fighting gadgets. activate breath blasters! stellar self-talk! senses scanner!a section at the back of the book includes more information on sonia's worry-fighting gadgets for kids and tips and reminders for caring adults.











good night, dude perfect


get ready for bed--dude perfect style! join your favorite sports comedy youtubers for a fun way to say good night to trick shots, friendly challenges, hilarious characters, world records, and all your favorite things in the dp universe in this entertaining, rhyming bedtime book.say good night to a busy day along with dude perfect in this engaging picture book. even the most active child will want to wind down with the dudes before heading off to a dreamland full of bottle flips and overtime shows.good night, dude perfectis for children 4 to 8 and dude perfect fans of all ages;lets readers say good night to cody, garrett, cory, coby, ty, and panda;includes nods to memorable dude perfect history, tricks, and games;features fun rhymes; andis the perfect gift for birthdays, christmas, and father's day.tonight, take a break with dude perfect as you look forward to more action tomorrow. pound it, noggin, see yaaa-wn!











my dad is awesome by bluey and bingo


bluey and bingo share why their dad is awesome in this hilarious and heartwarming picture book, featuring everyone's favorite heelers.based on the on the wildly successful animated series, bluey, as seen on disney+.everyone loves bandit, but especially bluey and bingo! he's always making up funny games, playing daddy robot, and taking them on exciting adventures. this is the perfect book to celebrate your dad on father's day, or any day, and share what makes him awesome!











where's waldo? the great games speed search


think you can beat a friend at finding waldo? challenge accepted! the spotlight is on sports, games, and contests in another adrenaline-pumping special-format adventure.eyes in focus? wearing your lucky shirt? let the games begin! in a second book of speed-search adventures, waldo summons fans to go head-to-head with each other or to race solo against the clock. just open the book perfectly flat, with your opponent sitting opposite--or your self-timer at the ready--and zero in on one side of an action-filled spread. find waldo among zany games, super sports, and comical contests, from a heated soccer match to a high-flying show of dragon aerobatics, and watch out for some truly surprising twists. this waldo challenge designed for dual searches promises endless rounds of brain-boosting fun.











the chess player's bible


love the queen's gambit? start here for a fast and easy introduction to the amazing game of chess!unlock the secrets of chess mastery and elevate your game to new heights with the chess player's bible, an essential guide that combines strategic insights, tactical wisdom, and expert advice to help you become a formidable chess player.key features:comprehensive guide: whether you're a beginner or an experienced player, this book is designed to help you enhance your skills and take your game to the next level.strategic insights: develop your understanding of key concepts like pawn structure, piece placement, central control, and long-term planning.tactical mastery: sharpen your tactical skills and unleash powerful combinations with a range of tactical exercises and puzzles.endgame excellence: explore endgame strategies, techniques, and maneuvers that will give you the edge in critical moments and help you convert advantages into victories.expert advice: benefit from the wisdom of a seasoned grandmaster as you receive expert advice on chess psychology, tournament preparation, and effective study techniques. learn how to manage your emotions, develop a winning mindset, and make the most of your training time.notation and analysis: learn how to annotate and analyze your games effectively.the chess player's bible is a must-have for chess enthusiasts, aspiring players, and seasoned competitors alike. whether you're looking to improve your understanding of the game, sharpen your tactical prowess, or deepen your strategic thinking, this book provides a comprehensive and invaluable resource to help you achieve your chess goals.











simply science


understanding science has never been easier.combining bold graphics with easy-to-understand text, simply science is the perfect introduction for those who are short on time but hungry for knowledge.the book covers not only the core sciences--physics, biology, and chemistry--but also earth science and astronomy. assuming no previous scientific knowledge, it covers more than 100 cornerstone ideas, ranging from photosynthesis to chemical reactions, the laws of motion, and the general theory of relativity. pared-back entries each focus on a single concept and use a combination of clear text and simple graphics to explain it as directly and concisely as possible.whether you are studying science in school or college, or simply want a jargon-free overview of the subject, this essential guide is packed with everything you need to understand the basics of science quickly and easily.











plants for the winter garden


within this comprehensive reference book lie the secrets to keeping your garden beautiful despite the elements, with design and planting concepts for prolonged wintry conditions.though many plants go dormant in wintry months, there are many inspiring cultivars and varieties that hold their interest through the cold and snow, including brightly colored twigs, buds, and berries, dazzling winter flowers and dried seed pods. plants for the winter garden extends the possibilities for the cold-climate gardener and provides invaluable insight that will make any garden thrive during the cold season.plantsman warren leach shares expertise and techniques perfected over thirty years of gardening in frigid eastern massachusetts. discover how to incorporate structural elements like stone walls, paths, and hardy containers that keep gardens intriguing when covered with snow; accentuate plant shapes that hold their form year-round; site and prune evergreens for maximum effect; and showcase trees with textured or colorful bark that stand out in gray months. and much more!  











the rose bargain


vying for the hand of one brother.falling in love with the other. a new victorian-inspired romantasy, perfect for fans of bridgerton, the selection, and the cruel prince."if you're looking for the next ya sensation, here it is." --adalyn grace, #1 new york times bestselling author of belladonnalondon, 1848--for four hundred years, england has been under the control of an immortal fae queen who tricked her way onto the throne. to maintain an illusion of benevolence, queen mor grants each of her subjects one opportunity to bargain for their deepest desire.as ivy benton prepares to make her debut, she knows that not even a deal with the queen could fix what has gone wrong: her family's social standing is in shambles, her sister is a shadow of her former self, and ivy's marriage prospects are nonexistent. so when the queen announces a competition for prince bram's hand, ivy is the first to sign her name in blood. what a bargain can't fix, a crown certainly could.ivy soon finds herself a surprising front-runner--with the help of an unexpected ally: prince bram's brother, the rakish prince emmett, who promises to help ivy win his brother's heart...for a price. but as the season sweeps ivy away, with glittering balls veiling the queen's increasingly vicious trials, ivy realizes there's more at stake than just a wedding. because all faerie bargains come with a cost, and ivy may have discovered hers too late.from the new york times bestselling author of the witch haven comes a tale that will leave readers eager to bargain for a sequel.











a better nightmare


if the entire world believes in a lie, does that make it the truth? a dark and absorbing allegory for the power that young people possess in their bones to change things that feel far bigger than them, a better nightmare is a whirlwind adventure -- a story of friendship, romance, and a radical crusade for one group of teens to fight for their right to feel. emily emerson is nearly sixteen, finally a senior at the wildsmoor facility. but so is meera, isn't she? meera, who is nineteen and has been a senior for as long as emily can remember? here, the students live each day as shadows, one day blurring into the next, hardly aware of life passing them by while the symptoms of the grimm cross syndrome that afflicts them all is trained out of them. rules. order. repetition. medication. emily was eight when she started showing signs of the disease. odd dreams, hallucinations - impossible things that happened around her. unconscious thoughts that could be set free into the world--flowers that covered the house, thick like a forest and sowed with nothing more than her unconscious thoughts. it was beautiful until it turned evil, when emily did her first bad thing and found herself here. now, she'll do anything to get better and get back to her life. she'll be more quiet and obedient than everyone else. until she meets emir. emir isn't like the other kids at wildsmoor. he's quicker and livelier. he says things that he shouldn't - dangerous things. emir is electric, magnetic in more ways than emily can know. when emir introduces her to the cure, a secret society for kids who believe that the grimm isn't a disease at all, but a gift, emily starts to wake up, and so do her strange abilities. the outcome is a dream come true. but sometimes the best dreams and the worst nightmares have the same people in them.











needy little things


in this debut speculative ya mystery, a black teen with premonition-like powers must solve her friend's disappearance before she finds herself in the same danger, perfect for fans of ace of spades.sariyah lee bryant can hear what people need—tangible things, like a pencil, a hair tie, a phone charger—an ability only her family and her best friend, malcolm, know the truth about. but when she fulfills a need for her friend deja who vanishes shortly after, sariyah is left wondering if her ability is more curse than gift. this isn’t the first time one of her friends has landed on the missing persons list, and she’s determined not to let her become yet another forgotten black girl. not trusting the police and media to do enough on their own, sariyah and her friends work together to figure out what led to deja’s disappearance. when sariyah’s mother loses her job and her little brother faces complications with his sickle cell disease, managing her time, money, and emotions seems impossible. desperate, sariyah decides to hustle her need-sensing ability for cash—a choice that may not only lead her to deja, but put her in the same danger deja found herself in.











vanishing treasures


national bestseller * named a best book of fall: washington post, cbs, boston globe, chicago tribune & more * from the #1 new york times bestselling author katherine rundell comes a "rare and magical book" (bill bryson) reckoning with the vanishing wonders of our natural world"extraordinary...for anyone whose capacity for wonder could use a jumpstart, rundell's essays are essential reading."--maureen corrigan, fresh air"in times like these, terror and rage will carry us only so far. we will also need unstinting, unceasing love. for the hard work that lies ahead, ms. rundell writes, 'our competent and furious love will have to be what fuels us.' this is a book to help you fall in love." --margaret renkl, the new york timesthe world is more astonishing, more miraculous, and more wonderful than our wildest imaginings. in this brilliant and passionately persuasive book, katherine rundell takes us on a globe-spanning tour of the world's most awe-inspiring animals currently facing extinction.consider the seahorse: couples mate for life and meet each morning for a dance, pirouetting and changing colors before going their separate ways, to dance again the next day. the american wood frog survives winter by allowing itself to freeze solid, its heartbeat slowing until it stops altogether. come spring, the heart kick-starts itself spontaneously back to life. as for the lemur, it lives in matriarchal troops led by an alpha female (it's not unusual for female ring-tailed lemurs to slap males across the face when they become aggressive). whenever they are cold or frightened, they group together in what's known as a lemur ball, paws and tails intertwined, to form a furry mass as big as a bicycle wheel.but each of these extraordinary animals is endangered or holds a sub-species that is endangered. this urgent, inspiring book of essays dedicated to 23 unusual and underappreciated creatures is a clarion call insisting that we look at the world around us with new eyes--to see the magic of the animals we live among, their unknown histories and capabilities, and above all how lucky we are to tread the same ground as such vanishing treasures.beautifully illustrated, and full of inimitable wit and intellect, vanishing treasures is a chance to be awestruck and lovestruck, to reckon with the beauty of the world, its fragility, and its strangeness.











the harder i fight the more i love you


from a beloved grammy-nominated musician, a "heartbreaking and funny" memoir of a poverty-stricken childhood, obsessive desires, and indispensable friendships that reflects on the way art and music and a deep connection to nature guided her journey towards stardom (maggie smith, nyt bestselling author of you could make this place beautiful).neko case has long been revered as one of music's most influential artists, whose authenticity, lyrical storytelling, and sly wit have endeared her to a legion of critics, musicians, and lifelong fans. in the harder i fight the more i love you, case brings her trademark candor and precision to a memoir that traces her evolution from an invisible girl "raised by two dogs and a space heater" in rural washington state to her improbable emergence as an internationally-acclaimed talent.in luminous, sharp-edged prose, case shows readers what it's like to be left alone for hours and hours as a child, to take refuge in the woods around her home, and to channel the monotony and loneliness and joy that comes from music, camaraderie, and shared experience into art.the harder i fight the more i love you is a rebellious meditation on identity and corruption, and a manifesto on how to make space for ourselves in this world, despite the obstacles we face. 








view all









































fort dodge public library

424 central ave.
fort dodge, iowa 50501
515-573-8167
 


about fdpl

contact fdpl
location & hours
library board
policies


follow fdpl

 facebook
 instagram
 mylibro app






back to top
























