






ringtone.net (andy clarke) – hardwicke, gloucester



































































main menu
skip to content
cookie policy
contacts us
media interest
project delivery
history
 





welcome







ringtone ltd was a uk limited company that had a number of media channels that it operates since it was involved at the beginning of the ringtone craze back in the late 1990’s (operating under the ringtone.net partnership before setting up the ltd co in 2001). andy clarke closed the limited company in 2024 and continues his activites as a sole trader. please click one of the images below or use the menu links at the top.





				the phobic flyer – youtube channel. it took me 7 1/2 years to get my uk ppl due to  massive fear of flying!
				




				the phobic flyer – tik tok channel
				




				andy is an insured and acredited p.a.t. tester.
				




				andy has worked with some of the largest mobile network operators & it companies in the uk, we can manage the delivery of your project. both agile and waterfall methodologies.
				




				take a look at the media interest we have attracted over the years we have been in business. we have featured in a number of national & local newspapers and tv shows.
				




				hardwicke weather station operatored by andy clarke (@thephobicflyer)
				




				hardwicke sateillte earth station – operated by  andy clarke (@thephobicflyer)
				




				andy clarke is a reiki ii practioner and also a member of the reiki association. if you are stressed, tired or just need of “re-balancing”, we can help!
				




				if you want to get in touch, please click the above image.
				




				we have now closed this part of our business to focus on the manned flight
				

















        © ringtone.net (andy clarke)                - powered by ringtone.net
cookie policy
contacts us
media interest
project delivery
history


 




we use cookies and similar technologies on our website to make it better for you, but first we need your explicit permission.



i accept
i decline



privacy center
privacy settings
learn more about our cookie policy










                privacy settings saved!            


                    ringtone.net (andy clarke)                

privacy settings
when you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. control your personal cookie services here.






                    necessary
                
                    analytics
                
privacy center privacy policy cookie policy  

these cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. technical cookiesin order to use this website we use the following technically required cookieswordpress_test_cookiethese cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. google analyticswe track anonymized user information to improve our website._ga_gid_gat 




                    decline all services                

                    accept all services                







 




















