






















































horse carriage driving carriages buggy wedding carriage rental service pleasure combined cutter sleigh horses harness - carriage mart.com

























 log in
 register

    

user profile
your ads
logout





















 






 carriages / sleighs 





condition

single
pair / multi
want ads



types




                                        		marathon carriages
                                        	 




                                        		pleasure carriages
                                        	 




                                        		coaches 
                                        	 




                                        		sleighs 
                                        	 




                                        		wire wheeled carts
                                        	 




                                        		driving harness
                                        	 







driving horses / ponies 

driving horses for sale
driving ponies for sale



other services 


wedding carriage services
driving lessons & trainers
trucks & trailers
resorts & tours
want ads



resources 


articles
related links
associations & clubs
driving show & results





sell your carriage



















welcome to carrriagemart
established 1998!
over 8,000 carriage drivingenthusiasts visit us per month!
            
 sell your carriage
















welcome to our  carriage driving site

we offer carriages, horses, and harness listings on our site. we've designed this site with the carriage driving enthusiast in mind. browse our carriage driving related articles, or the myriad of carriages, sleighs, buggies and driving horses and ponies for sale, or place your own for as little as $2/month for thousands to view. see our advertising rates. 





recent ads for  carriages for sale 





















 pleasure carriage 

meadowbrook horse cart, harness, and accessories 

$1,600.00

                                    elizabethtown, ky
                                 


















 pleasure carriage 

custom built white carriage 

$4,500.00

                                    dundee, oh
                                 


















 pleasure carriage 

custom built rustic dog cart 

$2,700.00

                                    astoria, or
                                 


















 pleasure carriage 

**new** amish-built cut-under storm wagon 

$7,500.00

                                    manor, tx
                                 


















 pleasure carriage 

vintage restored bakery wagon 

$16,900.00

                                    manor, tx
                                 


















 pleasure carriage 

hotel surrey 

$5,000.00

                                    cowansville, pa
                                 




















0+
total ads





0+
unique visitors





0+
carriagemart members





0+
average time (min) per user on site














our advertiser   feedback








sold in one day!
my listing on carriagemart produced a buyer within just a day.  price it right, and buyers are waiting!




karen austermiller
 prescott, az
 




sold my pony!
thank you for helping me sell my pony black berry! your classifieds are user friendly and they work!




sanda saunders 
 petawawa, ontario
 




sold my marathon carriage in 2 weeks!
i would like to take this opportunity to thank carriagemart.com for selling my marathon carriage within two weeks of placing my ad. it sold to the very first person that took the time to come and see it! i had lots of inquiries in that timeframe and really feel that it was one heck of a value for what it cost to list it. i urge anyone even toying with the idea of selling a carriage or equipment to try this venue first before anyone else. i so strongly believe in their effective marketing that i'm now going to sell a harness set!




barbara marcius 
 -one very happy customer!
 




carriage for rent service
sure do want to renew!!! your service is terrific. since your search engine presence is always near the top, inquiries come frequently. we definitely want to be part of your site!




joanne brower 
  alvord, tx
 




ponies sold!
please tell everyone that i've had more inquiries on my ponies from my ad on your website than all of the other websites i've listed on combined. thank you!




ann moss j. 
  north carolina
 




sold my surrey
thanks, carriagemart for helping me sell my 'surrey with the fringe on top'! i had lots of hits on my ad and numerous inquiries from all over the country. it was purchased by a very nice lady from wisconsin who saw it on your website.




linda p.  
 michigan 
 




welsh ponies sold
thank you so much! my two welsh ponies are on their way to iowa (from utah) as i write this. they are going to a home where they will be doing cde and owned by adults not kids who will out grow them in a couple years. i got tons of great hits from your site and i think i could have sold them several times. i have them listed on several other sites, but have had very little action from them. i am thrilled for my boys.




lee b. 
 utah
 




sold in 3 weeks!
thank you so much for the help. i had been trying to sell my carriage and sleigh for 2 years.i happened on to your site, placed an ad and sold them in less than 3 weeks. i recieved very quick and helpful response to my questions. thanks again.




marcie 
 north carolina
 




buggy sold in 30 days!
listed our  buggy on carriagemart and sold it a bit over 30-days at full asking price!  also listed on 2-other sites and received no response. you offer a great service!




don a 
  illinois























  
carriagemart.com strives to be the ultimate horse & carriage driving resource, not only displaying carriages and buggys for sale, but also driving horses, harness, pleasure driving competitions, and combined drivning events.






follow us

facebook
twitter







quick links

faqs
contact us







singup for our awesome newsletter

we may send you information on carriages or driving horses for sale, carriage driving events, articles and shows, and much more.







â© 2018 carriagemart.com all rights reserved reserved. seo company 










top








































