







truthnet.org, what is your purpose and meaning?


















































homecontact who is truthnet.orgwhat does truthnet.org believe?sitemaptractsmormonismis the bible god's word?proof of god's existence from designproof of god from the cosmosbible evidencepdf filesresourceshow to go to heavennewsblogtestimoniesvideo resources







 






 








        main menu



homechristianitythe end timesapologeticscult challenge jehovah witnessesmormonismislam 101dreams and visionsabortionevolutiondvd resourcescontact truthnetpdf catalogespanollogico-diosrussianfarsi (persian)hebrew-70arabicblogjudaism101atheismchinese-resourcesrussianarabiaעבריתfarsi-persianespañol1francaisjohn316challenge










        bible classes



the feasts of israel: first and second coming of messiahgenesis chapters 1-7: creation and the flood apologeticsgod and reasonchallenge of the cultsbook of revelationthe book of danielbook of zechariahbook of hebrewsthe book of ezekiel and the end timesisaiah: the first and second coming of messiahislam and world eventsthe end timesthe origin of the biblebiblical archeologycreation scienceintroduction to the end timespower of the holy spiritspiritual warfarefriendship evangelismthe book of hoseaephesians25 reasons to believenehemiah










        bible resources



100 bible verses to knowold testament prophecy about jesus christtruthnet tracksblue letter biblebible gatewayaudio bible-listen to the bible















   prayer for spiritual wisdom  pdf document
imagine before the universe was created, the lord knew who you were; god knew everything about you and has amazing plans for your eternity. god the holy spirit lives in you as a security deposit to guarantee the promise of your redemption in heaven. you are destined for greatness through the blood of christ who has paid for your sins.  you are adopted into the family of god.
            this is who you are in christ! do you know who you are in christ?  in the first 14 verses, paul’s goal is for you, the believer, to understand your destiny.  we need to know our identity in christ.  as christians we have to have the right vision or worldview of our christian faith.
            in the second part of chapter 1, paul prays that the realization of our identity in christ becomes real, not just theory.  we need to know the inheritance coming to us and live according to our future, not our past.
  read more: ephesians chapter 1:15-23, prayer for spiritual wisdom
















the kidron valley is also known as the valley of decision and the valley of jehoshaphat in the book of joel.  it is here where the nations are gathered for the final judgment. at the kidron valley there will be an escape route for jews in the last days.
  read more: the kidron valley and the end times















 
here is a video explaining the rapture. the doctrine of the rapture is taught in several places in scripture, the most popular is first thessalonians 4:13-18, where we get the word "rapture". the latin translation of the greek word harpazo means to be "caught up". harpazo in the greek has a forceful meaning, it means:to seize (in various applications): - catch (away, up), pluck, pull, take (by force). this doctrine is not only affirmed here but also in  i corinthians 15:50-53, matthew 24:36-44.
  read more: what do you think about the rapture
















 atheism is a religion
the heading might shock a lot of atheists, since they feel atheism is the exact opposite of religion.  the problem is "atheists" really believe their system is based on fact while religion is based on faith. this is understandable because most atheists have been sold a false bill of goods. the don't understand this point. when an atheist says there is no god, they "believe" a universe, matter and life came into being without an "intelligent cause", therefore the cause was an accident. this is a belief system, they have no scientific evidence it. matter cannot be formed from nothing, nor is life randomly appearing from non-life.
 
this seminar will help you explain to atheists why they have a religion and they don't even know it. 
  read more: answering atheism seminar (2)















revelation chapter 20: part 2: the millennium and the great white throne
in the book of  revelation, god has revealed the future so you can live in anticipation of what is coming. jesus in the new testament presented the kingdom of god. this kingdom was referred to in the old testament (tanach), especially by the prophets jeremiah, isaiah,daniel, zechariah and others.  this kingdom, according to the book of revelation is 1000-years  also known as the millennium. many bible teachers and pastors reject the idea of a literal millennium, doing so they must reject the literal message of revelation and create their own. the following is part ii of a literal presentation on the millennium as presented in scripture, from both the old and new testament perspective.

  read more: revelation chapter 20: the millennium part 2















revelation chapter 21:eternity: new heavens, new earth and new jerusalem
where will you be in one million years?  stupid question?  to most living in the world there is no perception of what an eternal existence means.  jesus in the book of revelation takes us to the window of eternity and peels back the curtain to give us a view of what "eternity" is going to be like.  as a believer in jesus christ, you can look forward to an eternal existence in the presence of god, you will live in god's house, with the "saints" and angels.  in revelation chapter 21, jesus, through john, expands the details of this existence. jesus wants us to  envision our future home, he wants us to invite everybody we know, with the time we have.  this presentation cover revelation chapter 21:

  read more: revelation chapter 21:eternity: new heavens, earth and jerusalem

















reason 12: the bible: archeological evidence proves the bible
is the bible the word of god? some might respond that the bible is just a book written by men, a mythology with little truth. that at least is the secular view of the bible, but the bible claims to have a supernatural source. the bible claims to originate with the creator of the universe.  the bible claims to correspond to truth, meaning the events and information contained within its pages are correlated in reality.
            this means if the bible refers to historical figures and events, these events can be confirmed in history and time. so when the bible refers to a city, did that city exist? when the bible refers to a person, did that person exist?  if that person or city did not exist, the bible would not be true. the problem is many people are not aware of the incredible archeological finds that affirm the bible.  for knack of knowledge many people think the bible cannot be validated with facts. the problem is people just do not know the facts.  
            the purpose of this paper is to give the reader a portion of the biblical archeological discoveries that validate scripture. this is evidence for the doubter as well as ammunition for the believer to show the truth of scripture.  this is by no means exhaustive, biblical archeology is a continual discovery of more detailed information that affirms the bible. this is only meant to give you a basic starting point in the evidence of biblical archeology.
  read more: 12. reason: biblical archeology evidence for the bible
















reason 20: 70 weeks of daniel: the timeline of jesus over 500-years before his birth
daniel lived 600 years before the birth of jesus, yet daniel foretold one of the most profound prophecies about jesus and the end of the age.  daniel in the 9th chapter of his book gave us to the day the time jesus would be “cut off” by jewish leaders.  daniel then proclaimed the destruction of jerusalem and the temple would follow. he then gives us details of the final period of this age, the tribulation, when the jews would build a third temple in jerusalem.
            daniel was in his eighties, when the angel gabriel appeared to him in a vision and set forth the timeline for his people and the city of jerusalem. he informed daniel, when the messiah would be rejected, and what would follow after.
  read more: reason 20: the seventy weeks of daniel (70 weeks)
















 reason 10: the bible: the human fossil record
the science of human fossils
 carl sagan speaking at the american association for the advancement of science (aaas) in san francisco explained how science worked. 
 
“the most fundamental axioms and conclusions may be challenged”…and the prevailing hypothesis “must survive confrontation with observation”.. “appeals to authority” he said “are impermissible and experiments must be reproducible”[1]
 
sagan is referring to “scientific method” as the basis of science, which comes from the latin root word meaning knowledge.  the problem with what carl sagan says and what actually takes place in the science of evolution are two different things. many secular scientists preach scientific method yet in practice their work is anything but scientific method.   the public elevates scientists as paragons of objectivity who are “objective” with not having a “horse in the race”.   therefore many of the claims and conclusions put forward in the media are not met with skepticism because the source is considered reliable and objective.  as we shall see, this is not the case when it comes to the human fossil record.
  read more: reason 10: the bible: the human fossil record

















 
 
 
 
reason 17: the restoration of israel
the restoration of israel as a nation
 israel is a nation that came into existence this century in may 1948, a new nation, with an ancient history. israel existence is not an accident, its land and very existence are tied to the bible, the book claiming to be authored by god, through the prophets.   according to the bible, god gave the land known as “israel” to the descendants of abraham, isaac and jacob.  the name “israel” was from god, when he renamed jacob israel. jacob was promised the same land promised to his father isaac and grandfather abraham were promised.
  read more: reason 17: the restoration of israel














page 1 of 3
startprev123nextend














        the third temple





 










        proof of god's existence through dna



























        inside the life of a cell




















who are we? |  donatecopyright © 2012. all rights reserved.














