myrtle beach hotels: find myrtle beach hotel information and read reviews by hotelguide
homeaboutcontactmyrtle beach hotels - homepageespañolmobile versionadd your hotel group hotel rates metroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > myrtle beach homepagemyrtle beach hotelshotel posts“myrtle beach oceanfront resort”“an oceanfront resort within walking distance of family kingdom water park and the boardwa…”posted by: beach cove resort“we are the closest all suite hotel to the airport (myr)”“welcome to staybridge suites in beautiful myrtle beach.  walking distance to freestyle mu…”posted by: staybridge suites“located in the heart of murrells inlet”“the holiday inn express hotel & suites murrells inlet is convenient to litchfield, surfsi…”posted by: holiday inn express hotelhotels may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“don't stay here”private member, shelby - “i have stayed here for the past 3 years .... and my sta…”said about: sand bucket motel“mean, rude trashy owners and personel”felicia, albuquerque - “one of the employees was scruffy looking without no shirt…”said about: sail inn“worst place 2 stay!”lee, baltimore - “stayed here 4 bike week... service was very poor, very rule…”said about: the virginian motelreaders are welcome to share opinions.by location » by name » (try keywords "hotel with a pool" or a zip code)
welcome to hotelguide.networks' directory of hotels and hotel reviews for myrtle beach, south carolina!

myrtle beach -- south carolina's grand strand -- attracts more than 12 million arrivals each year with championship golf, water sports, amusement parks, spirited nightlife and 60 miles of shoreline for beach fun, from shelling to surfing, and parasailing. family oriented much of the year, myrtle beach also has appeal for spring breakers. sports action ranges from class-a baseball with the myrtle beach pelicans to a nascar sanctioned speedway. waccamaw river tours wind past historic plantations and other scenery. annual extravaganzas include the canadian-american days festival, in march, plus april's grand strand fishing rodeo, june's sun fun festival, and september's beach bookie & bbq. full service restaurants -- more than 1,800 -- are big on fresh seafood served just about any style including deep fried to perfection. steaks, chops, ribs, chicken, and ethnic fare from german to sushi are also popular. myrtle beach boasts more than 70,000 lodging choices from affordable to five-star.

we have organized our listings of myrtle beach's local hotel accommodations into several geographic 
areas and alphabetically.  you can begin browsing for hotels in the greater myrtle beach area by 
selecting one of the links shown below.



browse hotels by location:
·garden city
hotels located south of the city center including the areas of pawleys island, murrells inlet, and the beaches of surfside, garden city and litchfield. 

·myrtle beach airport
hotel options near the myrtle beach international airport (myr) located about 6 miles southwest of city center. 

·downtown myrtle beach north
hotel options in the northern portion of myrtle beach. 

·downtown myrtle beach south
hotels located on the southern portion of myrtle beach. 

·myrtle beach amusement parks
hotels located near the myrtle beach pavilion and family kingdom's amusement park and oceanfront water park. 

·myrtle beach north
hotels located in north myrtle beach close to the popular tourist attraction 'barefoot landing' which houses over 100 specialty shops, waterfront restaurants, house of blues, and more. 

·broadway at the beach
hotel options near hundreds of specialty shops, theaters, restaurants, and nightlife. 

·surrounding communities
hotel options in communities surrounding the greater myrtle beach area, including florence, marion, dillon, lake city, mullins and others. 




browse hotels by name:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
you can return to the hotelguide myrtle beach home page at any time by pressing on the "hotelguide" button in the left margin of the page.
area facts: the name of myrtle beach comes from a common shrub found in the area called the wax myrtle. the area code for myrtle beach is 843. 
« top of pageadjacent links:charleston hotelscolumbia hotelswilmington - cape fear hotelsrelated links:greenville - spartanburg hotelshilton head island hotelsother links:smart highway daynational metaverse daybermuda hotelscharlotte hotelsgreensboro hotelsraleigh hotelssavannah hotelsother versions:myrtle beach guía de hotelesmetroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > myrtle beach homepage« top of page | sitemap 
© 1996-2025, metroguide.com all rights reserved.privacy policy | terms and conditionsto list your hotel with the myrtle beach hotelguide service: click here.to contact hotelguide: click here.hotelguide and hotelguide myrtle beach are service marks of metroguide.com, inc. hotelguide network is a registered service mark of metroguide.com, inc. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. metroguide.com, inc. does not own or operate hotel properties. metroguideeventguideretailguidehotelguidecruiseguidemore locations...
myrtle beach hotels:our readers'3 smile favoritessouth seas family resortbeach cove resortbeach cove resortcaptain's quarters resortthe breakers resortcaravelle resort hotel & villascoral beach resort hotelholiday inn oceanfront at surfside beachlandmark resort hotelocean dunes resort & villasocean forest plazadayton house resortcrown reef resortthe patricia grand resort hotelmonterey bay suiteshotels by featurenon-smoking hotelwifipet-friendlymeeting facilitygay-friendlyswimming poolfitness centerin-room safelarge hotelsmall hotel





