new york restaurants: find restaurant information and reviews in new york by diningguide
homeaboutcontactnew york restaurantsmobile versionen españolwebsite directory list your restaurant (free) add url bookmark this page metroguide.network > diningguide > new york home pagenew york restaurantsrestaurant posts“gulaabo times square indian restaurant nyc”“at gulaabo, we believe that dining and lunch are not just about food; it's about experien…”posted by: gulaabo“mediterranean brasserie”“anixi is a mediterranean brasserie in chelsea, nyc that features vibrant flavors from gre…”posted by: anixi“vegan bistro in chelsea”“willow is a vegan bistro in chelsea, nyc offering american comfort food in a contemporary…”posted by: willow vegan bistrorestaurants may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“christmas show and lunch at la bonne soupe”non-member, reader - “arrived with 3 adults and 3 children.  we were seated immed…”said about: la bonne soupe“definately a place to visit”private member, brown deer - “my son and i wanted to eat at a nice restaurant aft…”said about: delmonico's“most boring menu”non-member, reader - “they call it a mediterrenean menu. excuse me but that inclu…”said about: barbouniawe welcome readers to share opinions.by location » by type » restaurant events »(try keyword "dinner reservations" or a zip code)


welcome to metroguide.network's new york diningguide, a directory of restaurants and related restaurant information for metropolitan new york, new york. use metroguide's diningguide service to find new york restaurants by location or cuisine. try our dining search box (above), to look for a particular name or address, or use our new york overview map (at left), to jump to dining options. for a new york dining overview, click here.

no matter what the economic climate, new york city restaurants never lose their ability to keep rich and poor alike preferring to eat out rather than stay home. celebrity-chef enclaves 
continue to sizzle, yet restaurants for those with more modest food budgets also are opening at a rapid clip, to a point where new york city has more than 18,000 eating establishments. many glamorous names from the past retain their luster, and the east village offers relaxing, new age alternatives to the more formal downtown dining scene.

from noodles in chinatown to savory prime rib at top-rung steakhouses, from pizza by the slice in lower manhattan to high end soul food in harlem, from the broadway lights of times square to the healthy alternatives for takeout or delivery like hand-rolled bagels, nonfat cream cheeses and custom salads along 7th avenue, the big apple has a juicy culinary spectrum all its own.

diningguide new york is part of metroguide new york, 
offering guides to events, shopping, nightlife, hotels, attractions and more for the entire region.

diningguide has additional new york restaurant information at diningguide long island.

new york dining by location

to perform a quick search for restaurants in the metropolitan new york 
area, please select one of the locations below 
(restaurant listings will be grouped by cuisine / category):

·lower manhattan
restaurants located in lower manhattan, including sections such as chinatown, little italy, murray hill, chelsea, union square, soho, gramercy park and more 

·uptown manhattan west
uptown manhattan west restaurant options, including harlem, harlem west and washington heights 

·uptown manhattan east
restaurants located on the east of manhattan above central park, including harlem east 

·midtown manhattan west
dining options on the west side of midtown manhattan, including hell's kitchen, with lincoln center and central park nearby

·midtown manhattan east
restaurants located in midtown manhattan east, including the fashion center and sutton place

·central park south
restaurants options located at the south end of central park 

·greenwich village
restaurants in greenwich village, west village and east village 

·times square - theaters
dining options in the theater district, and around times square 

·long island metro
restaurants in the counties of nassau and suffolk, excluding the jfk airport area 

·midtown manhattan
dining options in midtown manhattan, including the garment district and murray hill 
·brooklyn
dining options located in the borough of brooklyn, east of manhattan 

·queens
restaurants in the borough of queens, including the area around new york's laguardia airport (lga) 

·hudson valley
restaurants located north of metropolitan new york city, in communities such as white plains, tarrytown, mount kisco and more 

new york dining by cuisine

or, select a cuisine / category from the list presented below (restaurant 
listings will be grouped by location). 
low-carb itemsamericanamerican - casualargentinianasianbarbequebraziliancafecajuncaribbeanchickenchinesecoffeecontinentalcreolecubandelicatessenfast foodfine diningfrenchfrench fine diningfusiongreekhealthy - naturalice cream - yogurtindianinternationalitalianjapanesekoreanlatinmediterraneanmexicannew worldnorthern italianpizzeriarussianseafoodsoul foodsouthernsouthwesternspanishsteaksushithaivegetarianvietnamese
to return to the diningguide new york home page during your search, follow the navigation links provided at the top of the pages.
« top of pageevents at new york restaurantskosher party at talia's a perfect destination for orthodox and traditional jews who would love to sschmoozes, mix and mingle… nightlife - theme night talia's steakhouse & barevery sat debauchery at cake shop late night dance party with host host 'pappawheelie.'  pappawheelie is the nom de plume of a music j… nightlife - parties cake shopevery sat strawberry fields - a tribute to the beatles strawberry fields beatles tribute.  enjoy a saturday afternoon with an all-you-can-eat brunch buffet… dining - brunch b.b. king blues club & grill 212-997-4144every sat high tea enjoy a 3-course afternoon tea with fresh baked scones, an assortment of tea sandwiches and dessert … dining - dining specials harlem tea roomevery sat the monthly show with aunt flo a.b. carney stars as the host (aunt flo) of her own public access parody show in this laughfest set … nightlife - comedy jimmy's no. 433rd wed brooklyn soul dance party new york's finest djs spinnin' 80's & 90's classics, r&b, latin, neo-soul, afrobeat, funk, soul, reg… nightlife - dj tamboril restaurant and lounge 718-930-1316every sat « top of pageadjacent links:diningguide albany, new yorkdiningguide long islanddiningguide newarkrelated links:diningguide buffalodiningguide elmiradiningguide rochester, new yorkdiningguide syracuseother links:vertical farm daynational ubi daydiningguide atlantic citydiningguide hartforddiningguide londondiningguide los angelesdiningguide miamidiningguide philadelphiametroguide.network > diningguide > new york home page« top of page | sitemap© 1996-2025metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsdiningguide, diningguide.network, diningguide.community and diningguide new york are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.to submit your restaurant, please use the: diningg.u.i.-de.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidenightguidehotelguidemore locations...full map



new york restaurants:our readers'5 smile favoritesjean georgesnew york restaurants:our readers'3 smile favoritesaquavitfleur de selvince and eddie'saustin's steakhousechinese mirchmara's homemadeil campanello ristorantefire on the mountaincharlie palmer's metrazurchin chinnorth west restaurantporters new yorkthe steakhouse at monkey barthe terrace in the sky


