



































































the post-star | breaking news | | read glens falls, ny and new york breaking news. get latest news, events and information on new york sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















16°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



politics



business



education



nation & world



topic pages



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



guest/columnists



cartoons




sports


ps varsity 



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


arts & theatre



event calendar



announcements



music



movies & tv



food & cooking



dining



lottery



games



contests



comics



play



home & garden



parenting



health



get healthy



fashion



people



pets



faith



outdoors



travel




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



i love a deal



adk wedding




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

sports

opinion

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









16°
cloudy
























        
        
            bolton receives no. 1 seed in section vii girls basketball tournament

the bolton girls basketball team received the no. 1 seed in the upcoming section vii class d tournament.

















        
        
            adirondack thunder's losing streak continues over weekend

the adirondack thunder battled with trois rivieres at the cool insuring arena this weekend as their tough season continued.

















        
        
            new times set for section ii girls wrestling state qualifier meet

the start times for monday and tuesday's section ii girls wrestling state qualifier tournament have been moved back by the winter storm.


















        
        
            photos: corinth returns to adirondack league girls basketball championship

the corinth girls basketball team captured its third adirondack league championship in four years saturday with a 43-32 victory over lake george. whitney cameron and isabella craig each scored 16 points to lead the riverhawks to the title. 


















        
        
            photos: north warren repeats as adirondack league boys basketball champs

the north warren boys basketball team won its third straight adirondack league championship saturday with a 69-44 victory over corinth at hudson falls high school. semaj cuyler poured in a game-high 36 points to lead the cougars to the win. 

















        
        
            returning winners, unlikely champs highlight section ii division ii wrestling qualifier

a long, sometimes crazy saturday culminated in several area wrestlers qualifying for the state wrestling tournament in division ii.

















        
        
            semaj cuyler's monster game carries north warren to another basketball championship

the north warren cougars battled the corinth riverhawks in the adirondack league boys basketball championship game saturday.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            brody holcomb reaches milestone for glens falls basketball as bears remain undefeated


















        
        
            glens falls woman arrested in relation to theft of ankle monitor



















        
        
            glens falls neighbors: obituaries for february 17















                
                the latest



















        
        
            glens falls neighbors: obituaries for february 17

read through the obituaries published today in the post-star. 





















        
        
            glens falls neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in the post-star. 





















        
        
            glens falls neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published today in the post-star. 





















        
        
            glens falls speaks up: letters to the editor for the week of feb. 14, 2025

our weekly round-up of letters published in the post-star. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            2025 best of the region



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            trump attends nascar's daytona 500 for the second time as president




















        
        
            granville-whitehall's nathan barber pulls out a 4-3 semifinal win in 3ot




















        
        
            granville-whitehall's jaxon torres talks after winning at 170




















        
        
            granville-whitehall's nathan barber talks after winning at 145












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            high school sports schedule and scoreboard for feb. 17-22

this week's high school sports schedule and scoreboard for feb. 17-22, 2025.




















        
        
            high school sports schedule and scoreboard for feb. 10-16

this week's high school sports schedule and scoreboard for feb. 10-16, 2025.




















        
        
            high school sports schedule and scoreboard for feb. 3-8

this week's high school sports schedule and scoreboard for feb. 3-8, 2025.




















        
        
            north warren, corinth boys clash in battle for first in adirondack league basketball; more

north warren and corinth battled in the adirondack league as both teams came in unbeaten. south glens falls and queensbury looked to continue winning in foothills play. 












                
                listen now podcasts



















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            17 innovative products to help you manage stress this american heart month

contributor content. as you observe american heart month, now is the perfect time to explore ways to relax and prioritize wellness. this guide highlights 17 products that blend practicality with innovation, helping you cultivate a peaceful and balanced life.












provided








        
        
            safety tips for kids when jumping on the trampoline

provided content. learn safety practices to teach your kids when jumping on a trampoline. 












partner








        
        
            get smart about how omega-3 fatty acids help your brain

get healthy. if you want to boost your brain power by adding more omega-3s to your diet, here are three benefits.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            north country auto radiator



                                        71 upper glen street, glens falls, ny 12801
                                    



 website






















        
        
            scott brueckner



                                        58 hollister rd, corinth, ny 12822
                                    






























        
        
            adirondack seafood co



                                        115 river st., hudson falls, ny 12839
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


i love a deal

classifieds

business directory

cars

homes

jobs

get healthy




services


advertise

apps

become a carrier

code of ethics

contact us

email newsletters & alerts

subscribe

work here

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the post-star, 333 glen street, suite 305 glens falls, ny 12801
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































