


































































card player cruises







        skip to main navigation
      








newsletter sign-up


                phone: 888.999.4880
            



  















☰ menu


cruisesupcoming cruises
what is a poker cruise
who goes on a poker cruise
new to cruising
cruise guide
cruise faq

pokerpoker room
beginner's poker lessons
seminars
tournaments/satellites
games selection

about uscompany overview
linda johnson
jan fisher
mark napolitano
tina napolitano

services
travel insurance
private travel
planned cruises
merchandise







contact











all upcoming poker cruises
2025 poker cruise schedule
2026 poker cruise schedule
print poker cruise schedule
completed cruises

like poker? like cruising?
you'll love our poker cruises and events. 
poker cruise prices have never been lower!
book early for the best cabin selection.

reservations must be made through card player cruises to participate in the poker room.
                        









 



 



 



 



 










7-night western caribbean

 sun, 01/25/2026 -sun, 02/01/2026

embark: miami, florida
mystery bounties are back! read more





7-night eastern caribbean

 sun, 11/02/2025 -sun, 11/09/2025

embark: miami, florida
experience the thrill of poker in the caribbean! read more





8-night eastern caribbean

 sat, 04/05/2025 -sun, 04/13/2025

embark: ft. lauderdale, florida
8-night eastern caribbean read more





7-night alaska glacier cruise

 mon, 08/25/2025 -mon, 09/01/2025

embark: seattle, washington
7-night alaska glacier cruise read more





7-night mexican riviera

 fri, 03/07/2025 -fri, 03/14/2025

embark: los angeles, ca
join us in the riviera! read more










biggest poker room at sea!
after 30 + years in business, we remain the #1 poker cruise company with the biggest poker room at sea. we have chartered ships and hosted poker groups as large as 600 guests and 27 poker tables run by our own team of world class staff.

recent winners! 





card player cruises - the #1 poker cruise company
card player cruises is celebrating its 32th year in business. watch the video to learn more about what you can expect on your cruise vacation.

join our incredible community and travel the world with us. enjoy our parties, poker seminars, free poker instruction, tournaments, wide choice of games and limits, and a friendly, professional poker staff.

our poker room is usually open when we are not in port except during first seating dinner.   we offer a wide variety of cash games and tournaments, and we host multiple championship events.  

our poker room is comparable with any professional vegas style poker room and our dealers are the best of the best.  

the entire family will love card player cruises!

this is a vacation everyone can enjoy. we offer beginner’s lessons by professional players for adults aged 18 and older as well as exciting excursions your entire family can only experience on our cruises. for the young ones, the ship offers fun camps and activities giving them opportunities to play with kiddos their own age.  every cruise includes a welcome aboard cocktail party and a farewell cocktail party where all are welcome.  if you're traveling alone, we can help you find a roommate and will warmly welcome you into the card player cruises family

call our office for more information. our cruise and travel specialists will be happy to assist you. tel: 888.999.4880








close x
sign up for our newsletter












                
      please tell us which destinations you're interested in:
                



alaska
asia
australia/new zealand
canada/new england
caribbean
europe




hawaii
mexico
panama canal
south america
south pacific
transatlantic







        i authorize card player cruises to email me. 
        for more details, see our privacy policy.


        





close x









                
      
                cruises
                

                
upcoming cruises
what is a poker cruise?
cruise guide
cruise faq
completed cruises
royal caribbean









                
                poker


                
poker room
games selection
seminars
beginner's lessons







                
                plan

                
welcome
print brochures
what to pack
money
documentation
excursions
mobility rentals
travel insurance
private travel





 
                news
                
cruise news
trip reports
testimonials





   
                connect    
                
terms of service
company overview
meet our team
linda johnson
jan fisher
partnerships
referrals
employment
contact us








employment
referrals
affiliates
gift certificates





  











 ©card player cruises ®all rights reserved - *prices are per person, double occupancy,cruise and port charges only and in u.s. dollars. government taxes and fees are additional. certain restrictions apply. only passengers booked by card player cruises are allowed to play in the poker room. all cruises and prices are subject to change without notice.





















