



jigsaw puzzles
















 


 

jigsaw 
      puzzles and games to play free online


 


 


 




 








photo 
                  of bridge at night







photo 
                  of the flat 
                  iron building new york city.









photo 
                  of glass 
                  reflections on buildings







a 
                  building 
                  detail in the upper east side new york.









photo 
                  of 62nd 
                  street between 3rd and lexington







july 
                  4th fireworks photo from brooklyn promenade









59th 
                  street before new york marathon 







big 
                  leaves photo detail









sand 
                  dunes and bird footmarks photo







photo 
                  of wild 
                  flowers









photo 
                  of a fire 
                  hydrant







subway 
                  trains. the s train of new york subway









photo 
                  of public 
                  telephone on red marked wall







photo 
                  in nyc central 
                  park facing south









photo 
                  of jamaica 
                  cross bay going to rockaway







photo 
                  of a fake 
                  statue of liberty









photo 
                  of a baseball 
                  score board







body 
                  double digital photo search and discovery









digital 
                  art photo abstract 
                  of chairs







digital 
                  art photo of girl 
                  walking in a garden






 




 

 


 

 


 


drag and drop jigsaw puzzles
select one of the 
        images and you will have a sliced rectangular drag and drop jigsaw puzzle 
        to play with. observe the details of the image before it is shuffled. 
        
        click on the button shuffle and the jigsaw 
        pieces will be shuffled and turned into a jigsaw puzzle for you to solve.
        click on the piece that you want to relocate and drag it to the position 
        where you want it. your skills to solve jigsaw puzzles will improve as 
        you play.
every image or photo 
        offers a menu option to select between 9 (3x3) and 80 (8x10) pieces jigsaw 
        puzzles - easy or difficult. the menu also includes options for our slider 
        puzzles.
slider 
        puzzles
the choices for sliders 
        are from 9 (3x3) to 48 (6x8) pieces.
        click on slide and the pieces will be shuffled.
        click on any piece next to the empty rectangle and it will slide to that 
        position. the more you play the better your strategy to solve slider puzzles.
jigsaw 
        puzzles
 a jigsaw puzzle is 
        a puzzle which requires the assembly of numerous small, rectangular or 
        oddly-shaped interlocking pieces. each piece has a small part of a picture 
        on it; when complete, a jigsaw puzzle will produce a complete picture.
jigsaw puzzles were 
        originally created by painting a picture on a flat, rectangular piece 
        of wood, and then cutting that picture into small pieces with a jigsaw, 
        hence the name. most modern jigsaw puzzles are made out of cardboard, 
        since they are easier and cheaper to mass produce. an enlarged photograph 
        or printed reproduction of a painting or other 2d artwork is then glued 
        onto the cardboard before cutting. the pieces are punch-cut with complex 
        metal dies. 
children's jigsaw 
        puzzles come in a great variety of sizes, rated by the number of pieces. 
        adult jigsaw puzzles typically come in 500-piece and 1,000-piece sizes, 
        and sometimes in 750 pieces, and occasionally 1,500 or 2,000 pieces. these 
        are not the exact counts, which always slightly exceed these.
the uniform-shaped 
        fully-interlocking puzzles are the most difficult, because the differences 
        in shapes between pieces can be very subtle. occasionally, some puzzles 
        have bizarre cuts to make solving more interesting.
some puzzles also 
        have pieces with non-interlocking sides that are usually slightly curved 
        in complex curves. these are actually the easiest puzzles to solve, since 
        fewer other pieces are potential candidates for mating. however, a solved 
        part is easily messed up by accidental shock etc.
the method of cutting 
        pieces varies from puzzle line to puzzle line. many puzzles are termed 
        "fully-interlocking". this means that adjacent pieces are connecting 
        such that if you move one piece horizontally you move all, preserving 
        the connection. sometimes the connection is tight enough to pick up a 
        solved part holding one piece. 
some fully-interlocking 
        puzzles have pieces all of a similar shape, with rounded tabs out on opposite 
        ends, with corresponding blanks cut into the intervening sides to receive 
        the tabs of adjacent pieces. 
other fully-interlocking 
        puzzles may have tabs and blanks variously arranged on each piece, but 
        they usually have four sides, and the numbers of tabs and blanks thus 
        add up to four.
there are also three-dimensional 
        jigsaw puzzles. many of these are made of wood and require the puzzle 
        to be solved in a certain order; some pieces will not fit in if others 
        are already in place. also common are puzzle boxes: simple three dimensional 
        jigsaw puzzles with a small drawer or box in the center for storage.


 


 

 




 


privacy 
      policy | games | mahjong 
      solitaire | links | link 
      to us




copyright 
        © 2003 jigsaw puzzles .ws







 















 



