
















































skip to site content

























































 quick links 




                                        myud
                                    



                                        maps
                                    



                                        people directory
                                    



                                        email
                                    



                                        careers
                                    



                                        library
                                    



                                        a-z index
                                    



                                        news
                                    



                                        events
                                    



                                        safety at ud
                                    





















close













                    
                        biden school of public policy & administration
                    
                    
                






























                        quick links 





                                            myud
                                        



                                            maps
                                        



                                            people directory
                                        



                                            email
                                        



                                            careers
                                        



                                            library
                                        



                                            a-z index
                                        



                                            news
                                        



                                            events
                                        



                                            safety at ud
                                        







prospective studentsundergraduate programsmaster's programsdoctoral programsstudent opportunitiesspring semester in washington, dcupcoming eventsbiden school student associationcurrent studentsresearch & public servicebiden institutecenter for applied demography & survey researchcenter for community research and servicecenter for energy and environmental policycenter for historic architecture & designdisaster research centerinstitute for public administrationsnf ithaca initiativealumni & friendsalumni spotlightsgivingmission & historyrecognition & rankingsdiversity, equity, & inclusionnewspeoplecontact us


ud home collegesbiden schoolresearch & public serviceinstitute for public administration















































welcome to the institute for public administration 
established in 1973, ipa addresses the policy, planning, and management needs of its partners through the integration of applied research, professional development, and the education of tomorrow's leaders. ipa is a research and public service center in the joseph r. biden, jr. school of public policy & administration at the university of delaware.














institute for public administration





                                        public service
                                    




                                        conflict resolution program
                                    




                                        birth to three mediation and facilitation programs
                                    



                                        special education dispute resolution services (sparc)​
                                    





                                        delaware center for civics education
                                    




                                        democracy project 
                                    





                                        education policy
                                    



                                        grant assistance program
                                    



                                        health and aging policy
                                    



                                        local government training
                                    



                                        mid-atlantic tab
                                    



                                        regional development and planning
                                    



                                        water resources center
                                    





                                        research and resources
                                    



                                        people
                                    




                                        alumni profiles
                                    



                                        students
                                    



                                        delaware municipal officials directory
                                    




                                        mayors and managers
                                    



                                        school districts
                                    







                                        student opportunities
                                    




                                        legislative fellows program
                                    



                                        job and internship opportunities
                                    





                                        events and news
                                    










sign up for emails
​interested in receiving updates from ipa on upcoming events, research, student, and alumni activities? sign up to receive emails​ on the topics of your choosing. 












a message from the director
here at the institute for public administration, we are proud to lead public service programs and research projects that improve the quality of life for all delawareans. please browse our website to explore ipa's...

resources—explore recent publications, search the delaware municipal directory, and visit the complete communities toolbox
student opportunities—learn more about our internship opportunities on and off campus.
upcoming and past events—sign up for future opportunities and view recordings of past training workshops.
alumni spotlights—read stories about our incredible alumni and how their time at ipa prepared them for their careers.
staff and student bios—get to know our ipa staff and student interns by reviewing our profiles.

please contact me directly if you have any questions about ipa. i can be reached by phone at 302-831-8971 or by email at jlewis@udel.edu. 
—jerome r. lewis, director


















latest news from ipa






introducing the 2025 legislative fellows
february 10, 2025 | written by sophonie milord and artika casini
fifteen university of delaware students and one delaware state university student will work with the delaware general assembly through june 2025.



in memoriam: bernard dworsky
february 10, 2025 | written by udaily staff
community remembers public service leader, mentor and devoted blue hen football fan


deldot secretary: toll hikes, ev fees may be needed
february 05, 2025 | written by jacob owens | spotlight delaware
delaware has not changed its toll rates in years, but increases in material and project costs may necessitate a hike.




view more news stories





upcoming events










            
            
            
            
                quick links
            
        





                            grant assistance program
                        



                            delaware municipal directory
                        



                            research & resources
                        



                            student opportunities
                        



                            event recordings
                        


















student opportunities at ipa





our legislative fellows, pictured here with governor john carney in his office at legislative hall, provide public policy research and staff standing committees of the delaware general assembly in our state capital, dover.








ipa’s faculty and professional research staff collaborate with students—both graduate and undergraduate—in public service and applied research projects that make a difference in the lives of citizens in delaware and beyond.
our students put theory into practice by contributing to federal, state, and local government-sponsored research projects and programs.








			explore student internships
			
				>
			
		







			read alumni profiles
			
				>
			
		




















financial gifts and pledges provide ipa with the resources it needs to help shape students into tomorrow's leaders.






making a financial pledge
in the fall of 2021, ipa established the jerome lewis director’s fund​. your gift will continue ipa's mission by supporting:

career development opportunities for graduate and undergraduate students

research, training, and technical assistance programs for state and local governments

forums for public, private, and nonprofit sector stakeholders to consider and envision the future for communities in delaware and beyond


honor ipa’s commitment to the education and development of public service leaders by donating to the jerome lewis director’s fund today!






			make a gift to ipa
			
				>
			
		

















contact ipa
the institute for public administration has three delaware locations—its primary offices are in graham hall and the dgs annex on the university of delaware's newark (main) campus with a satellite location at the lewes campus.
newark campus
ipa's primary office is located in graham hall.

mailing address: 180 graham hall, university of delaware, newark, de, 19716
gps address: 111 academy street, newark, de, 19716
phone: 302-831-8971
fax: 302-831-3488
e-mail: ipa@udel.edu

ipa's water resources center and planning team are located within the dgs annex, at 261 academy street, university of delaware, newark, de 19716.
lewes campus
ipa's lewes office is located off pilottown road in the pollution ecology lab on the hugh r. sharp campus of the university of delaware.





























first state insights podcast
on ipa's podcast first state insights, staff members explore diverse topics that impact delawareans through interviews with experts in their fields.
find first state insights on soundcloud, apple podcasts, spotify, or wherever you listen to podcasts. 






			listen on soundcloud
			
				>
			
		








connect with ipa on social media










			facebook
			
				>
			
		









			ud capture
			
				>
			
		










			x (twitter)
			
		



















                            institute for public administration
                        






                                    public service
                                



                                    research and resources
                                



                                    people
                                



                                    student opportunities
                                



                                    events and news
                                









                            biden school
                        





                                        a research center within the joseph r. biden, jr. school of public policy and administration
                                    












 180a graham hall
university of delaware
newark, de 19716 

    ipa@udel.edu 

 phone 302-831-8971 
 fax 302-831-3488  
















top












explore ud in photos







undergraduate major finder







graduate program finder





 ud home





explore



										about us
									



										athletics
									



										udaily
									



										virtual tour
									



										employment
									




academics



										undergraduate admissions
									



										graduate admissions
									



										colleges
									



										library
									



										research
									




services



										accessibility notice
									



										people directory 
									



										my ud
									



										campus safety 
									



										a to z index
									





connect

contact us
university of delaware newark, de 19716 usa   
p:   302-831-2792









































































			©2025 university of delaware
		


						comments
					



						legal notices
					



						accessibility 
					


















