


  


get your cpp30619  certificate 3 in investigative service - become a private investigator through assi international pty ltd 























cpp30619 certificate 3 in investigative services training course
assi training school | assi investigations | assi counterfeit reporting | assi track'n'watch | mobile cctv camera trailers








cpp30619 certificate 3 in investigative services - sydney, melbourne, brisbane - call (08) 6186 6416

assi international








email us reception@assii.com.au



payments
student login

















											home
										



											training courses
										

courses list

course delivery explained
cert 3 investigative services
cert 4 in government
asset protection & recovery
advanced surveillance
locating persons
advanced interviewing
recognition of prior learning
admin & workplace investig
payments


dates and cost
enrol online
recognition of prior learning
locations & venuespayments




											enrol
									  

dates and cost
enrol online
locations & venuespayments
conditions




											contact
										

contact assi
student login
locations & venuespayments




											about assi
										



											login
										

















bored with your life?


								want to do something different?
							

								something interesting. exciting.
							


more info








conduct surveillance


								get the evidence
							

								for your client
							


more info








investigate fraud and scams


								expose illegal profiteering
							


more info








investigate insurance fraud


								is this claim legitimate?
							


more info








plan an investigation


								good at research?
							

								got talent to be a pi?
							


more info
















undertake the investigation training course if you want to become a private investigator. the training standard, the learning material and the personal guidance we provide  are  in our opinion the best you will find in australia. we teach investigation and  give more than merely "tick" or "try again" responses, by way of detailed  assignment feedback. we are involved with our students, either by messaging, email or phone. we share many years' direct investigation experience and training both in the law enforcement and commercial sectors.
cpp30619 certificate iii in investigative services
practical field assignments + fully supported online work









									sydney
								
 online start
									anytime 



you can start the  course anytime.

full course details

enrol online





									melbourne
								
 online start
									anytime 



you can start the  course anytime.

full course details

enrol online





									brisbane
								
 online start
									anytime 



you can start the  course anytime.

full course details

enrol online





									perth
								
 not availabe at the moment 
									 


presently  we are not delivering the course in perth  due to  current commitments in eastern states. 

course details

enrol online
















 









certificate 3 course info pdf










licensed investigator

do you want to become a licensed private investigator?  are you inquisitive, always questioning what is happening around you?  do you love challenges? you'll need the certificate 3 in investigative services to get a licence to work as a private investigator for insurance companies, lawyers, individuals, businesses and corporate entities.
working as a licensed private investigator can involved you in many different kinds of investigations including surveillance, interviewing people, taking statements, exposing crime and cheats. it could mean good earnings.
download info pack



the certificate 3

want to be an investigator in australia? to be licensed in your state you'll need to attain the cpp30619 certificate iii in investigative services. assi international are the experts in private investigation and in training new and established investigators. our experience is second to none.
on successfully completing the course you will receive a nationally accredited certificate in investigations recognised by pi licensing authorities. assi (formerly the australian school of security and investigations) is a registered training organisation pn.  40477 delivering professional pi training in nsw, vic, qld and wa. 
details




 licensing rules

nsw applicants note: 
private   inquiry agents are now known as private investigators and are regulated   by the security licensing enforcement directorate (sled) under the   security industry act 1997. private investigators require a class 2e   (private investigator) security operative licence to carry on   investigation or surveillance activities, or, subsequently, a master security licence   to carry on business as an investigator.
to   be eligible for a class 2e security licence, an applicant must have   completed cpp30619 certificate iii in investigative services...
details incl other states



more info?!


want to know more? more about the nitty-gritty of the actual training, working and also  earning opportunities? 
download our info-pack pdf with comprehensive information you need to know about embarking on a new career in your life.
download the pdf









our training courses




assi delivers several training courses including

 advanced  surveillance courses
 psp40416 certificate 4 in government (bridging course)
 cpp30619 certificate 3 in investigative services
 advanced interviewing course
 variety of custom security and anti-terrorist training 

 
ask us




"follow that car!" what car? how?! assi will train you.











pi licensing changes for nsw
on 1 july 2022 the nsw commercial agents and private inquiry agents act 2004 (capi) has been repealed. from that date:

capi licences cease to exist
new investigators are issued with a full licence (the probationary period has been abolished)
sled will remain responsible for the licensing of private inquiry agents, but they will be known as private investigators - a new subclass of security licence

 
assi live streaming initiative 
assi students are invited to join our rapidly growing tracknwatch live streaming team who live stream investigations to clients through a unique phone app developed by the assi team. this state-of-the-art phone app is used exclusively through your training course with assi and allows you to develop your investigation skills using new technology that is the envy of other investigation teams.

we invite you to download the tracknwatch app and the instructions are available on our website at https://tracknwatch.com.au and students demonstrating they have the "right stuff" will be the first to be approached for ongoing work.



australian school of security and investigations












tracknwatch

watchers needed around the world




become a watcher and get paid

to apply for membership visit https://tracknwatch.com.au about arrangements arrangements.













useful


pi forum

 sorry, our forum is being rebuilt presently. our web developers are assuring us it will be ready soon (but we're not holding our breath!).                            
						   we will let you know as soon as the forum is ready again.                           						  






handy


free resources

you can now access free learning resources (for our students only) including reports, statement shells, law, forms, samples. please use the login supplied to you or email us for help. login page 






useful


pi licensing

note: new nsw licensing rules
information about obtaining a private investigator's licence in our states and territories. 
licensing 













popular


we investigate



assi investigations
pi services
besides training new investigators we are also practicing investigators with national and international assets and experience.
visit site








best


the book



investigating made simple
by garry maher
assi is the exclusive distributor of the 5th edition of the widely endorsed textbook investigating made simple by garry maher.
read more








useful


investigator jobs



advertisements
via seek
there's a variety of investigative work regularly advertised around australia. keep checking back here.
see job ads











								want to have a chat?
							
call (08) 6186 6416













										assi international
                                        po box 154 
                                        kalamunda wa 6926
                                        australia
									

call (08) 6186 6416


reception@assii.com.au


										registered training organisation 
										no. 40477
									




useful external links 

investigation jobs
austlii - law resource
pi licensing



on our site

students login
home
courses schedule
enrol now
about assi
student resources
contact us














terms & conditions
•
privacy

					© all rights reserved assi international pty ltd | web development by ozweb - sitemap
















