

numismedia dealer and collector rare coin price guides - numismatic wholesale and retail values: market, pcgs, ngc, fmv, cac, and plus prices for u.s. rare coins
















numismedia dealer and collector rare coin price guides - numismatic wholesale and retail values: market, pcgs, ngc, fmv, cac, and plus prices for u.s. rare coins




























dealer and collector price guidesfor united states rare coins
























 home 





price guides
      


 collector fmv prices 
 dealer market prices 
 numismedia on cce 
 mobile price guides 







publications
      


 monthly fmv pg 
 weekly market pgs 
 weekly extra pdf 
 back issues 
 renew subscription 







other features
      


 database licensing 
 article archives 
 member directory 
 photo gallery 






 join numismedia 




 subscribe 




 advertise 




 about us 




 help center 


































collector and dealer

memberships



join our community of

rare coin dealers and collectors

as a member of numismedia.





select a membershipfor more information













numismedia weekly market report


current news and analysis of the

united states rare coin market





heritage fun sale begins year with a bang 


january 20, 2025





       not only did the heritage auctions fun sale produce five, million-dollar rare coin sales, there were over ninety coins that sold for six figures and up. despite the coin market having been somewhat tentative, this sale was a good example of how much money can be available for exceptional rarities when they come on the market. with 2025 now in full swing, and the metals on the rise, dealers are optimistic of another bull market on the horizon. much of this positivity comes with promises from president trump of a better economy.


       the prices realized below represent just a small portion of the fun heritage sale that took place in dallas last week. the five top selling u.s. coins were the 1894 s barber dime in pcgs pr66 cac at $2,160,000, the 1884 trade dollar in pcgs pr65 cac at $1,140,000, the 1849 c $1gold with open wreath in pcgs ms62 at $1,560,000, the 1798 $5 gold small eagle in pcgs au55 at $3,000,000, and the 1927 d $20 gold st gaudens in pcgs ms65+ cac at $3,840,000. please contact heritage auctions for all prices realized from this sale.

1884 trade dollar certified by pcgs pr65 and cac

this lovely 1884 proof trade dollar has a pedigree of notable owners including legend and jack lee. the original mintage for this issue was just ten coins, although there is a total of eighteen listed in the population reports, with obvious resubmissions. this 1884 trade dollar in pcgs pr65 with cac approval sold for $1,140,000; it previously sold for just under one million dollars in the 2014 fun signature sale. our current cac value is listed at $1,040,000, which will be adjusted upward in the next update. an interesting point in the heritage description of this lot indicates all ten coins minted are accounted for with the current grades in their roster. while there are four cameo coins listed, there are no deep cameo coins in the roster.





1884 trade dollar pcgs pr65 cac sold for $1,140,000 at heritage auctions fun show u.s. coins signature auction in dallas, texas, january  14-19,  2025








read more of this most recent

numismedia market report





















dealer online-only subscription  rates


      order from our recurring rates below or select from other online-only rates












online  dealer  subscription


full  access to all of ouronline and mobile price guidesmarket, fmv, pcgs, ngc,cac  and  plus+ prices

special subscriber rates




$20.001 month 


or



$160.001 year 






online dealer subscribers get access to all of our online and mobile price guides: market, fmv, pcgs, ngc, cac & plus+.


dealer subscribers will receive the current password and user name for full access to the online & mobile dealer price guides via email (usually within one working hour). a new monthly password and username will be sent via e-news at the beginning of each month.


the pricing information we report comes from all over the numismatic market, from reliable dealers known for their unbiased market knowledge. dealer subscribers are a part of our numismatic community, responsible for assisting us in our never-ending pursuit to report real market prices.


now included for all numismedia dealer subscribers and members, the numismedia weekly extra wholesale market dealer price guide, in pdf format.

this comprehensive look into the coin market is our most complete publication yet, and it's got everything dealers have been asking for.

dealer subscribers and members will receive the weekly extra, in pdf format, every wednesday.












renewal  rates andspecial packages










renewal rates for online-only dealer  price  guides













renewal rates for weekly market dealer price  guides













renewal rates for monthly fmv collector price  guide













price guide special package rates and  sample packs



















why renew? don't miss another issue with our hassle-free, automatically recurring subscriptions































   numismedia is sponsored by   






















































subscription rates and special packages









subscription rates foronline-onlydealer price guides








subscription rates forweekly marketdealer price guides








subscription rates formonthly fmvcollector price guide








price guide specialpackage ratesand sample packs









don't miss another issue

with our hassle-free,

automatically recurring subscriptions





















numismedia is a member community of national coin dealers in a cooperative effort to enhance the numismatic industry. these dealers have banded together to initiate a national marketing program that will provide coins and information for both dealers and collectors.

members receive the weekly extra price guide and subscriptions options to the monthly and weekly price guides, access to all online dealer price guides, advertising options, and more.


































po box 206

hewitt, tx 76643

phone: (949) 375-4811

www.numismedia.com

numismedia@yahoo.com












  









online price guides

 collector fmv prices

 dealer market prices

 numismedia on cce


publications

 monthly fmv pg

 weekly market pgs

 weekly extra pdf

 back issues

 renew subscription


other features

 database licensing

 article archives

 member directory

 photo gallery


information

 join numismedia

 subscribe

 advertise

 about us

 help center













try our mobile dealer

price guides web app at

m.numismedia.com/market

dealer subscription ormembership required







numismedia is the official price guide of thenational silver dollar round table
















e-mail questions & comments to numismedia@yahoo.com
copyright © 2025 numismatic interactive network, llcall rights reserved. terms of use




























