








treebones resort, located in big sur california










































































 



 




treebones resort offers unique lodging and dining on california’s breathtaking big sur coast 









 













 






treebones is a premier glamping resort.  




treebones resort71895 highway 1 | south big sur, california 93920								


open in google maps



 




 









home
our story

our community
videos
yurt buzzin’
recent press


lodging

reservation helpful information
yurts
autonomous tent collection
campsites
campsite with human nest or the twig hut
the cove tiny house
resort map
what is a yurt?
what should i bring?


dining
activities

big sur visitor guide
upcoming events
eco adventures
massage
massage workshop
yoga & yoga retreat


faq
contact
 




check now! 







 







treebones yurts
learn more



autonomous tent
learn more


treebones flyover



wild coast sushi
learn more



big sur concerts
learn more 


yurt interior



the cove tiny house
learn more


yurt village



the human nest
learn more 


the human nest



big sur garden



redwood bar
learn more


morning yoga

















 





 homepagecheck out our weekday spring special rates for february - aprilbook now


















a premier ‘glamping’ experience
unique lodging and dining on california’s breathtaking big sur coast.
expansive views in all directions.
hike     explore     dine     relax
you can touch the earth here.





we attempt to foster a restful and peaceful ambiance,
therefore children must be 13 years of age or older in order to stay.
this is a policy change as of 10/13/21
please plan to be disconnected.
treebones is off grid and we produce our own limited power,
therefore we are unable to offer charging for electric vehicles at this time.











 

 yurt village













as a family we are inspired by the enthusiasm and talent of our staff, rejuvenated by our guests, and challenged to keep our business fresh but warmly familiar to those who return again and again. thank you for your continued patronage and sharing your love for the outdoors with us.
see the story of treebones resort
sincerely,






i pledge to:
share our coastal roads in a safe manner.
be mindful of the impact of my actions.
protect and respect big sur’s natural resources, public and private property, residents, employees, and visitors.
leave no trace; and not damage or take what is not mine.
camp only where allowed.
be vigilant and fire safe.
be a steward of this precious resource for the enjoyment of all.
honor the spirit of big sur as it honors me.
put the pledge into action.









 











not staying with us? just planning to drop in for a quick visit? we offer lunch daily 12-2 and dinner 5:00 – 8:30 pm

sorry! but we do not permit touring or walking the grounds unless you are a registered guest - this is to protect the privacy and promote the serenity stay-over guests expect (you’ll appreciate the same policy when you come to stay overnight!)
send your love 
order flowers or gift baskets

let’s go glamping! treebones is a premier glamping resort. glamping is defined as a luxury form of camping, blending natural experience of outdoor camping with more glamorous amenities.

hike big sur 

yurts & campsites with… restrooms & showers a short walk away
pool & hot tub
 massage
weekly yoga offerings
hikes & beachcombing nearby
seasonal whale watching

need a massage? 

space is limited. pre-booking is encouraged. book now!


the lodge restaurant


breakfast | 7:30 - 9:30am | complimentary for overnight guests

lunch | 12:00 - 2:00pm | casual, no reservations necessary (optional picnic to-go lunch, pre-order night before)

chef’s four-course dinner | 5:00 – 8:30pm | reservation required($95/person, available monday - sunday)

reserve the lodge dining here

wild coast sushi bar



2025 season opens march 1st

wild coast omakase sushi dinner | two seatings 5:00pm & 7:00pm |  reservations required($160/person with optional alcoholic beverage pairing $100/person & non-alcoholic tea pairing $60/person - closed sundays & mondays)

menu subject to change due to market & availability.

reserve sushi here

*new* bento box lunch | 1:00pm takeaway only |  reservations required ($60/per box, feeds 1-2 people depending on your appetite) available monday - saturday, limited supply. 

reserve bento box lunch here
 
drone free zone
out of consideration to others, please leave drones at home. we prohibit the use of drones on this privately owned property.

 






 



877.424.4787 | 71895 highway 1 south big sur, california 93920 | need to contact us?

facebook
instagram
twitter






homepage
employment app
massage
video
wild coast restaurant
yoga & yoga retreat
recent press


© 2025 treebones resort. all rights reserved. | website by jkca 








top




























