



	home - vnea pool leagues











































aboutboard of directorspast presidentscharter holder faq'sour historyvnea objectivescode of ethicstestimonialsstaffcontact usrules24/25 rules changes9 ball rules8 ball rulesmixed scotch doubles rulesgeneral definitionsmaster, im, and pro rulesrules clarifications (videos)tournaments2025 vegas championships2025 junior championshipsstate / provincial & affiliated2024 junior championship photos2024 world championship photosroom shotsthe playersopening ceremoniespresident's receptionbanquet finaleresults2024 complete vegas press release2024 vegas results only2024 complete junior wrap-up2024 junior results onlypast int'l championspast junior championspast perfect match winnerswarren kelley msa recipientseventssponsorsfind a leaguecharter holders







menu







    westgate room reservations click here    join us our players are the priority!

players
find a league   operators
membership application 
player & operator benefits





								your browser does not support the video tag.
							

























































join over 100k+ players
the valley national 8-ball league association
the valley national 8-ball league association is an association of 200+ coin machine operators, 22 supplier/manufacturers, and nearly 100,000 sanctioned pool players who work together to provide increased interest in the game of pool.
the mission of the association is to encourage pool players to form leagues and play in weekly competition on pool tables owned by the operator members.
the association’s goals and objectives include greater volume and increased profit for the operators and the locations in which they serve, more fun for the players, and a more stable industry for both the manufacturer/suppliers and operators.
the vnea is proud to have spread its membership to nearly every american state. also, with charter holders in 6 canadian provinces, the vnea is hopeful of gaining additional interest from our neighbors to the north. along with the u.s. and canada, the vnea has representation in australia, bahamas, bermuda, finland, new zealand, portugal and spain. with its eyes on international affiliation, the association will undoubtedly bring other potential countries into the vnea family.










	find your pool league






player benefits include:

membership patch • awards program
standardized set of rules
junior program
fair handicapping system
local, state/provincial & regional
tournament eligibility

and much more...




select your region

alabama
alaska
arizona
arkansas
california
colorado
connecticut
delaware
district of columbia
florida
georgia
hawaii
idaho
illinois
indiana
iowa
kansas
kentucky
louisiana
maine
maryland
massachusetts
michigan
minnesota
mississippi
missouri
montana
nebraska
nevada
new hampshire
new jersey
new mexico
new york
north carolina
north dakota
ohio
oklahoma
oregon
pennsylvania
rhode island
south carolina
south dakota
tennessee
texas
utah
vermont
virginia
washington
west virginia
wisconsin
wyoming


alberta 
british columbia 
manitoba 
ontario 
quebec
saskatchewan 


australia
bahamas
bermuda
finland
new zealand
norway
portugal
spain
taiwan


go














	our amazing sponsors



current members
member benefits
how to join
sponsorship plans
advertising options
vegas booth info
westgate forms





























































										master, im, pro listing

									

the masters and intermediate player lists have been updated and finalized for the 2024-25 league and tournament season. these lists are comprised of players that have placed well in past world tournaments or players of “known ability”.



read more










										hall of fame

									

individuals who stand out in their local area for talent, good sportsmanship, longevity, hard work and for being an all around fine, well respected person, will be eligible for the vnea annual hall of fame induction.
official ballot



past inductees










										event calendar

									

dozens of vnea state, provincial and affiliated tournaments as well as our annual vegas world championships and int’l junior championships.



read more










										promotional videos

									

we have produced professional videos showcasing the incredible events and happenings from our las vegas and junior championships!



read more










										join us on facebook

									

over 11,000 players have already like’d us on facebook as we continue to update the page with current events, contests and valuable association news!



read more










										dave pearson tips

									

professional player and ultimate entertainer, dave “ginger wizard” pearson, shares several helpful training videos to help every player improve their game.



read more














	what's new

upcoming events 











											2025 vnea world pool championships!
										










											2025 vnea junior championships
										










											shane van boening spotlight
										


















								8-ball news & views magazine

							

the “8-ball news & views” is the official publication of the valley national 8-ball league association. this very attractive and colorful, bi-monthly, online magazine is splendidly entertaining and informative and contains materials of interest to pool players of all ages.
with readers in over 40 states and over a dozen countries, this popular publication sees the world. some of our magazine highlights are the following:

regional news from leagues around the country
instructional tips
international league news from around the world
tournament information
intriguing pool related articles and features
rules clarifications




										read current issue
									

										past issues
									












	become a vnea charter holder





									sign up online today
								























about us


mission board of directors our staff contact us 








charter holders


charter login charter benefits resources code of ethics 






contact us


vnea headquarters, 201 s. henry street,
bay city,
mi
48706



email: 























											© vnea pool leagues, all rights reserved
										















aboutboard of directorspast presidentscharter holder faq'sour historyvnea objectivescode of ethicstestimonialsstaffcontact usrules24/25 rules changes9 ball rules8 ball rulesmixed scotch doubles rulesgeneral definitionsmaster, im, and pro rulesrules clarifications (videos)tournaments2025 vegas championships2025 junior championshipsstate / provincial & affiliated2024 junior championship photos2024 world championship photosroom shotsthe playersopening ceremoniespresident's receptionbanquet finaleresults2024 complete vegas press release2024 vegas results only2024 complete junior wrap-up2024 junior results onlypast int'l championspast junior championspast perfect match winnerswarren kelley msa recipientseventssponsorsfind a leaguecharter holders

sign in



















