





			hearts
			hardwood hearts
		







































fun stuff



 














					games
				




hardwood solitaire iv


hardwood spades


hardwood backgammon


hardwood euchre


hardwood hearts


minesweeper


video poker duel










					store
				




solitaire iv items


hearts items


spades items


euchre items


backgammon items


video poker duel items










					leaderboards
				




hearts


spades


euchre


backgammon


solitaire










					help
				




 help portal


 all downloads


 blog






login
				
				or sign up















 




																
																 
															









		get it for ...
		

 


 


 



			
			and
			
				
windows


mac osx


amazon


android


iphone/ipad


xbox










hearts
play hearts online!
              
              hardwood hearts offers a beautiful way to play classic hearts along with other more unique variants to keep things exciting.   
              not only can you play by yourself but you can play online with people from around the globe, 24hrs a day.
              
              
why should you try out hardwood hearts?

 cool 3d effects this isn't boring hearts, it's hearts with some real kick! with cards that move and flip like the real deal.			
 classic hearts and more try singles or partnership hearts to mix things up.			
 buy only what you want with micro-transactions. the game is divided up into parts, you can just buy the parts you want and leave the parts you don't. we'll add more parts like decks, environments and avatars you can pick up if you want.
 achievements. hearts has various achievements you can earn.  this adds a fun new way to play hearts.
 leaderboards. hardwood hearts has its own online leaderboard. see where you rank on the list. its effortless, as each game is automatically recorded for you.
 data ticker. find out what's going on with your own ticker just like the news. we'll show you who in the community is earning cool achievements, or show you the leaderboard for the game your playing in a convenient ticker format.
 tablet ready hardwood hearts works great with tablets and phones, designed with touch in mind.

what the heck are you reading for... quit reading and let's go play the best hearts game ever!


		get it for ...
		

 


 


 



			
			and
			
				
windows


mac osx


amazon


android


iphone/ipad


xbox







                        note prior players: this new version of hardwood hearts does not use an unlock key like	the prior version. 
                        there is a special offer for folks that have unlock keys for spades, euchre, hearts or backgammon for a free year of plus+ membership. look for the offer when you pick a 
						membership level when playing online for the 1st time
































































 












		©2025 silver creek entertainment |
		terms |
		privacy policy |
		downloads |
		contact











