



dealbook - the new york times
  




















skip to contentskip to site index today’s paperadvertisementskip advertisementsupported byskip advertisementdealbook, with founder andrew ross sorkinhighlightsdealbook newsletterwhy trump’s takedown of an anti-bribery law could backfirethe president has said the law is unfair to u.s. businesses. but lawyers say weakening it could end up costing corporate america big. by bernhard warnercrediteric lee/the new york timesdealbook newsletterwhy investors appear unfazed by the latest trump tariffsthe dollar fell and global stock markets are holding up despite president trump announcing his plan to impose reciprocal tariffs on trading partners. by andrew ross sorkinravi mattubernhard warnersarah kesslermichael j. de la mercedlauren hirschedmund lee and joe rennisoncrediteric lee/the new york timesdealbook newsletterinflation is trump’s problem nowa surge in egg prices underscores how persistent inflation is spooking the markets and could check the president’s boldest economic policies. by andrew ross sorkinravi mattubernhard warnersarah kesslermichael j. de la mercedlauren hirsch and edmund leecreditfrederic j. brown/agence france-presse — getty imagessign up for dealbookmake sense of the latest business and policy headlines with our daily newsletter. creditadvertisementskip advertisementdealbook newslettermore in dealbook newsletter ›what’s behind elon musk’s hostile bid for control of openaithe tech mogul is unlikely to win. but his goal may be more about making life difficult for the a.i. start-up and its leader, sam altman. by andrew ross sorkinravi mattubernhard warnersarah kesslermichael j. de la mercedlauren hirschedmund lee and kevin roosecreditmatt rourke/associated pressare markets taking the latest trump trade fight in stride?global markets are in a wait-and-see mode as president trump vows to slap steel and aluminum tariffs, among other levies, on trading partners. by andrew ross sorkinravi mattubernhard warnersarah kesslermichael j. de la mercedlauren hirschedmund lee and vivienne waltcreditpete marovich for the new york timesdelaware law has entered the culture warelon musk has helped bring an esoteric debate around the delaware chancery court to a national stage. now dropbox and meta are contemplating moving their incorporation away from the state. by lauren hirschcreditpool photo by brandon bellwall street prepares to defend a favored tax break, againpresident trump called for ending the so-called carried interest loophole, which saves financiers billions. it’s a tax break that has survived time after time. by andrew ross sorkinravi mattubernhard warnersarah kesslermichael j. de la mercedlauren hirsch and edmund leecreditsarah yenesel/epa, via shutterstockwashington takes aim at deepseeklawmakers are said to be working on a bill to block the chinese chatbot app from government devices, underscoring concerns about the artificial intelligence race. by andrew ross sorkinravi mattubernhard warnersarah kesslermichael j. de la mercedlauren hirschedmund lee and ben casselmancreditcaroline brehman/epa, via shutterstockdealbook: a special sectionmore in dealbook: a special section ›building trust in an age of distrustat this year’s dealbook summit, there was a sense that trust was becoming harder to come by and that the rules for how people judge the truth had shifted. by andrew ross sorkincreditphoto illustration by klawe rzeczy; photographs by amir hamja (bezos), calla kessler (griffin) and pete marovich (powell) for the new york times; getty images; associated press (clinton, pichai); and epa (cooper, williams)from the dealbook summit: influential people share their insightsindustry leaders attending the conference were asked about artificial intelligence, the economy, international relations and more. by julie zanncreditguerin blask for the new york timesserena williams is competing on a new court: investment“i’ve learned to trust my instincts in any business venture or brand i’m championing,” the retired tennis star said in an interview at the dealbook summit. by shivani voracreditjeenah moon for the new york timestechnologists: smarter-than-humans a.i. will likely be here by 2030most members of a dealbook summit panel described immense benefits from artificial intelligence and saw its risks as manageable. by steve lohrcreditstephanie mei-ling for the new york timesadvertisementskip advertisementlatestsearchsearchclear this text inputopenai rejects elon musk’s $97.4 billion bid for control of the companybret taylor, the chairman of openai’s board, said the artificial intelligence company was “not for sale.” mr. musk is separately raising money for his a.i. start-up, xai.by cade metz, mike isaac and jesus jiménez elon musk says he will drop openai bid if company preserves nonprofit missionin a court filing, mr. musk said he and other investors would pull their $97.4 billion bid if openai withdrew its plan to change its structure.by cade metz as salaries boom, it’s a good time to be an n.f.l. coachpay packages, even for first-time coaches, have risen sharply since the 1990s as teams seek those who can turn their franchises into perennial super bowl contenders.by joe drape britain’s economy squeezes out 0.1% growththe unexpected increase eases pressure on the government, which has been trying to spur investment and development.by eshe nelson dealbook newsletterelon musk in the oval officedispelling doubts, the billionaire showed off his unprecedented power to disrupt and remake the government — with president trump’s blessing.by andrew ross sorkin, ravi mattu, bernhard warner, sarah kessler, michael j. de la merced, lauren hirsch and edmund lee bp vows ‘fundamental reset’ in strategy as profit plungesthe energy giant was vague on details, but analysts say the changes is likely to include less spending on renewable sources and a bigger investment in oil and natural gas production.by stanley reed europe vows to respond to trump’s tariffs, but holds back on detailseuropean leaders said they would respond firmly to higher levies on steel and aluminum, but they had yet to say what that retaliation would look like.by melissa eddy and jeanna smialek macron pitches lighter regulation to fuel a.i. boom in europebut many attendees at a summit in paris worry that the risks of a.i. will be overlooked as the continent rushes to keep up with the united states and china.by aurelien breeden and liz alderman c. richard kramlich, early investor in silicon valley, dies at 89he was among the first backers of apple computer and 3com, earning windfalls, but it was his humaneness that distinguished him from other venture capitalists.by erin griffith green energy ambitions of european companies take a beatingorsted of denmark and equinor of norway tap the brakes on offshore wind development after setbacks and market shifts.by stanley reed page 1 of 1012345678910advertisementskip advertisementsign up for the dealbook newsletterour columnist andrew ross sorkin and his times colleagues help you make sense of major business and policy headlines — and the power-brokers who shape them.sign upadvertisementskip advertisementfollow usdealbooktwitter page for dealbookandrewrsorkintwitter page for andrewrsorkin
previously presented as


site indexsite information navigation© 2025 the new york times companynytcocontact usaccessibilitywork with usadvertiset brand studioyour ad choicesprivacy policyterms of serviceterms of salesite mapcanadainternationalhelpsubscriptionsmanage privacy preferences














