       
	suffolk county dental society | american dental association
                                   




welcome, 

logout


contact us
find a dentist
login












 
adasso


salesforce [a-f]


salesforce [g-l]


salesforce [m]


salesforce [n-r]


salesforce [s-z]


salesforce [m2]


salesforce [a-f2]

      

















         




about







contact us






calendar




members center







benefits of membership




membership fees




life and retired membership





members only








bylaws





for your websites and social sites





dea mate - opioid mandate information






nomination forms




scds study clubs




mentorship program




partner opportunities






classifieds




bulletin




public resources







find an ada dentist/mouth healthy.org




why should i see a dentist?




why an ada member dentist?




dental emergency help




concerned about your care?




dental resources for veterans




dental careers




hpv cancer prevention




dental office coverage






  
            skip to main content
         





is your dentist an ada member?:
                    want to be sure your dentist is a member of the american dental association?  click the supplied link - still not sure - give us a ring at 631-232-1400.
                        type in your zip code and dentist name 






our tv ad educating the public on ada member dentists:
                    have you seen the tv ads on news 12, bravo, the food network, fuse, amc, comedy, discovery, id, lifetime, paramount, tlc, tnt, the weather channel, usa?
                        check it out now! 










welcome to suffolk county dental societywe are the local component of the new york state dental association (www.nysdental.org) and the american dental association (www.ada.org).  more than 1,000 dentists, or over 70% of the active licensed dentists in suffolk county, are members of our society.  all our members are also members of the state and national organizations.our mission is to cultivate and promote the art and science of dentistry, to protect and improve the health of the public whom we are privileged to serve, and to represent the interests of the members of the dental profession at the national, state and local levels.   check out our 2024 year in review video.   see recent 2025 photos and posts april 26th, 2025 is our annual give kids a smile event at the long island aquarium in riverhead.  your ada member dentists organizing a community event promoting oral health and donating dental care to underserved children in our communities.   you can expect more information on this event in february (children's dental health month).   you can see pictures from past events here.  want to support the efforts?  sponsorship information is here. we would like to send a special thank you to 2024's ultimate diamond sponsor – healthfirst, and express our gratitude for them repeating that sponsorship in 2025!  a great service to the community!we can be reached via email at contact@suffolkdental.org and/or via telephone at 631-232-1400















                                pay your dues
                            







                                become a member
                            

































































your voice in the nation’s capital

                        learn how the ada fights for what matters to dental professionals and patients across the country. 

                            
explore ada advocacy







       

stay connected























 

   general information american dental association new york state dental association   sections about calendar members center classifieds bulletin public resources   resources accessibility     
                copyright © 2025
                suffolk county dental society. reproduction or republication strictly prohibited without prior written permission.
               privacy policy   terms of use   contact us            "ada-bwt-national":"houseads"    
