








metric fastener wholesaler | bulk metric parts supplier














































metric & multistandardcomponents corp.iso 9001: 2015 certified






about us 

iso certified 
careers 
history   
industries served 

construction 
power generation   
line card 
locations 

new york 
georgia 
illinois 
texas 
nevada 
germany   
request a quote 
product catalog   






my account/register 



888-966-mmcc



 














































 filter



 




threaded fasteners
non-threaded fasteners
assortments
cutting tools
wrenches
tubing & fitting
measuring tools
british fasteners & tools
technical info






due to the increasing tariffs on steel and imports from europe and china, all prices are subject to change.
  



 
 




































































 










top iso certified supplier of quality metric
	                        wholesale fasteners and industrial products






























































                         

                        
 






 



request a quote 




 










supplier of metric fasteners, threaded fasteners and fastening components
metric & multistandard is an iso 9001:2015 certified distributor of metric fasteners and industrial components, specializing in threaded fasteners and hard-to-find metric products. as the oldest and most experienced "metric-only" industrial supplier in the usa, we have built our business by providing outstanding customer service, immediate product availability, and the best technical knowledge and support available. we work with resale partners and other industrial businesses to supply high-quality metric products and local distribution services.
are you ready to find out what metric & multistandard can do for your industrial business? request a quote to get started, or contact your nearest metric & multistandard location to consult one of our expertly trained sales representatives:
new yorkgeorgiaillinoistexasnevadagermany


 








high-quality metric bolts, screws & other fastener products
the metric & multistandard maintains an extensive ready-to-ship inventory of metric bolts, screws, threaded fasteners, and other metric products. we stock over 48,000 individual industrial components to meet the needs of any wholesale order. in addition to our offerings of metric threaded products, unthreaded fasteners, and assortments, we also stock british fasteners and tools, wrenches, cutting tools, measuring tools, and tubing and fittings.
we offer quantity discounts and wholesale pricing on volume orders for fastener distributors. contact your local sales representative to learn how metric & multistandard can assist you with your order.


 


a complete catalog of metric fastener products at your fingertips
the founders of metric & multistandard believed that a well-conceived, detailed catalog was the key to the long-term success of the business. decades later, we still carry that belief. our industry-leading catalog provides concise and accurate technical information about the composition and performance of our metric fasteners.
view our comprehensive catalog today!








 











100% american owned and operated fastener supplier
our company continues to be 100% american owned by two of the families that started the business over fifty years ago. we look forward to continued growth and success through innovation and commitment to our customers.


 









metric & multistandard components corp. has been iso certified since march 2000



 
 


888-966-mmcc
new york (hq)•
georgia•
illinois•
texas•
nevada•
germany












©2025 metric & multistandard
privacy policy - terms & conditions - careers - customer survey - site map
follow us
  






 




