






motir services






















































 




















skip to content



 
 



search for:


search







 

 contact motir



  home
about motir

leadership
motir team
business principles
awards & recognition
testimonials
social impact


divisions

medical staffing
facility management
food services
moving / logistics
construction
consulting
it services
environmental services


certifications
newsroom

news
media gallery


careers
contact




search for:


search

 

 








home 












 





 

medical staffing 







 

food service 







 

facility management 







 

moving, relocation & logistics 







 

consultant services 







 

environmental services 







 

construction services 



 




 











motir a global, multi-services and socially responsible firm. we deliver quality, customized services to clients from large-scale, public, operations to high-security, mission critical sites to private environments requiring high-touch customer service in sensitive settings.  


























creating, measuring and sustaining valuable solutions for 25 years. 





















company overview 



motir services, inc. is an established performance-based provider of a broad range of contract services to federal, state, municipal and commercial clients in the u.s. and abroad.headquartered in washington, dc, motir was established in 1991 with a vision to create a superior multi-services firm to support revitalization and economic development in the nation’s capital and around the globe. today, motir is recognized for its ability to manage complex operations while providing superior strategic and technical support in various settings. we combine specialized services with cutting-edge technology as an integral element of our services, using innovative solutions that are unique to 21st century challenges. motir helps it clients achieve the best results through comprehensive project management platform delivered by skilled professionals with demonstrated experience in meeting the highest standards. our business model is designed for maximum flexibility and built to respond to each client’s unique and changing needs. our all-inclusive solutions focus on the design and implementation of teams, systems, and work processes. we also concentrate on business process re-engineering , the implementation of new staffing plans and performance management tools, including human resource policies, practices and procedures.  
















staffing services





facilities operations & management





construction services





moving & logistics





environmental services





consulting services





information technology services











reliable, focused & committed 

















"we are a global business partner with unlimited possibilities."  










 















clients 













 














certifications & memberships 











 







 



 



 



 







 



 



 



 







 



 



 



 














view more






























 











. 







what our clients are saying….. 







general services administration, white house service delivery is extremely pleased with the overall services provided by motir services, inc. motir has revamped the existing staff of a previous contract. the training has been a vast improvement. motir communicates to the government on a day-to-day basis of the progress of the entire operation. professionalism is their best asset. this company will be recommended for various projects in conjunction with white house services. 







contracting officer, 



u. s. general services administration 







 






















contact info

	1508 east capitol street, ne washington, dc 20003

	customer support: p: 202.371.9393f: 202.289.1611

	maryland office9500 medical center drivesuite 310largo, md 20774301.288.0140

	maryland warehouse
8080 cryden wayforestville, md 20747

	e-mail: info@www.motirservices.com
 
 
 

 






© 2025 motir services, inc -  all rights reserved. privacy policy 






   

































