


southwest michigan first l economic, community & workforce development

















































ph : 269.553.9588


search for:




services

why southwest michigan
primary employer retention
site and building search
funding tools
talent connections
strategic community development
small business and entrepreneurism


chamber

chamber membership
chamber membership benefits
chamber membership application
chamber directory
2024 chamber’s choice award winners
chamber ambassadors
certificates of origin


region

thrive in southwest michigan
demographics
top employers
key industries
health care
education


programs & events

upcoming events
the catalyst center
leadership greater kalamazoo
first up
mix design
sustainable business collaborative
first path
intern mixer series
sponsorship opportunities


resources
news

first & 42


about

our team
board of directors
investors
core values
careers


i want to

contact you
pay my invoice
find what i need



the greatest force for change is a joblearn moretransformational economic growth in 2024learn moreincrease economic prosperity for all in southwest michiganlearn morea clear path to a more prosperous futurelearn morewe are catalysts.we help companies grow their business and maximize talent to keep the economy strong.
while global economic challenges and their required strategies change with the times, our work as an economic catalyst remains focused on making positive change happen by creating jobs for all citizens in southwest michigan. our work leads us across industry lines; we’re comfortable in private, public, government, education and nonprofit sectors.
we partner with our clients to accelerate their organizations at their point of need. from new building acquisitions and supplier connections to custom coaching, our tailored solutions transform companies from good to best in class.
our team is ready to turn your goals into reality with our keen business expertise and local insight.
change matters.behind everything we do at southwest michigan first is our belief that the greatest force for change is a job.
everything we do is centered around creating jobs and–by extension–a thriving community in which citizens have the opportunity to live vibrantly and companies are empowered to succeed and grow.
why do we do what we do? we believe that jobs have the ultimate power to change someone’s life for the better. a job can improve an individual’s quality of life and help them provide for their family and loved ones. beyond that, a job can help a person grow their confidence, self-respect and independence. jobs allow people to become valuable contributors to the community in which they live.
how we do itour community’s future depends on the ability of our local companies to grow, be competitive and change with the times.
growwe pursue existing industry growth and the development of small businesses to keep our region globally competitive and improve the quality of life for all residents.
attractwe seek to diversify the economy by sharing the advantages of how a southwest michigan site is the optimal place for your next strategic location.
inspirewe host tailored leadership programming focused on developing local talent, building a unified community and encouraging long-lasting relationships.
educatewe connect with our clients and partners by sharing exciting regional news, key economic data, networking opportunities and cutting-edge initiatives.
innovatewe bring together local creators and innovators to inspire, educate and share great ideas so that our region remains on the forefront of research and development.
acceleratewe offer custom coaching and consulting services to companies looking for assistance with economic incentives, access to capital, leadership principles and more.
connectwe create opportunities for our clients and partners to collaborate and form unique and meaningful relationships with an extended group of diverse business and community leaders.
empowerwe provide educational resources and tools so the community we serve can become increasingly informed on local, regional and state policies affecting economic growth.
where we workwhile our team is called upon to share our skills around the globe, the primary focus for our operations is in the seven-county region of southwest michigan.
with the region’s geographic center—kalamazoo—touted as one of the top places offering the lowest cost of living in america and praised for its thriving job market, it’s easy to see why we know our region’s future is bright!
learn more
kalamazoo is "one of the best places to live in america."source: u.s. news & world report, may 2022.kalamazoo is #8 of the “10 best cities for high salaries and low cost of living in the midwest.”source: the ascent, february 2021.the kalamazoo-portage msa ranks in the top 10 u.s. metro areas in the east north central region for sustainable development practices.source: site selection magazine, july 2021.kalamazoo is the number one coolest city in the u.s. with the lowest cost of living.source: purewow, february 2021.kalamazoo ranks #2 of the "top 12 cities with thriving job markets."source: linkedin's economic graph research team, january 2020.the kalamazoo-portage msa offers the lowest cost of living in the u.s.source: cost of living index, june 2022.southwest michigan is “one of the world’s top 50 places to travel.”source: travel & leisure, 2022.kalamazoo named #3 “best market for first-time home buyers."source: realtor.com®, april 2021.western michigan university was named the best "hidden gem" public university in the u.s.source: college gazette, december 2019.look who's here with us!from fortune 500 companies to two-person start-ups, southwest michigan is home to some of the world’s most innovative companies and has been for more than a century.

the regional strategic location and skilled workforce diversified in our primary industry sectors have made the region a leader in medical devices, pharmaceuticals, design-based manufacturing, packaging, agriculture, food processing, logistics and more.
did you know…


20 fortune 1000 companies are headquartered or physically present.
we’re the location of choice for the world headquarters of stryker corporation, pfizer global manufacturing, whirlpool corporation and w.k. kellogg co.
the divisional headquarters of parker pneumatic north america, zoetis global r&d, eaton vehicle group and newell brands design center are here.
southwest michigan is the site selected by more than 100 international companies.

learn more
serviceswhy southwest michiganprimary employer retentionsite and building searchfunding toolstalent connectionsstrategic community developmentsmall business and entrepreneurismchamberchamber membershipchamber membership benefitschamber membership applicationchamber directory2024 chamber’s choice award winnerschamber ambassadorscertificates of originregionthrive in southwest michigandemographicstop employerskey industrieshealth careeducationprograms & eventsupcoming eventsthe catalyst centerleadership greater kalamazoofirst upmix designsustainable business collaborativefirst pathintern mixer seriessponsorship opportunitiesaboutour teamboard of directorsinvestorscore valuescareerssouthwest michigan first
180 east water street
suite 2690
kalamazoo, mi 49007
ph.269.553.9588
©2025 southwest michigan first all rights reserved.web design by blue fire mediasitemap | login





