









the american finance association, publishers of the journal of finance


























































skip to content




﻿

search






the american finance association
publishers of the journal of finance








    menu	
home
the afa  

about the afa
join the afa
afa governance  

afa board  

officers and directors
board reports
financials


afa committees  

affect
committee on racial diversity
ethics committee
investment committee
nominating committee


bylaws
code of ethics
policies


awards  

fischer black prize
morgan stanley afa award


affect  

affect home
about affect
affect events
women in finance directory
research in academia


cord
fellows
ombudsperson
afa history  

past afa presidents
past executive secretary treasurers
in memoriam


contact us


journal of finance  

read the journal
web-only content  

replications and comments
corrigenda and errata
supplements


about the jf  

aims and scope
editorial board
editorial policies
journal statistics
current and past editors
editor reports
nobel prizes


prizes  

annual paper prizes
prize winner webinars
rick green prize


submit a paper
subscribe to the journal


annual meeting  

afa annual meeting
future meetings
past meetings


resources  

afa finance directory
afa professional climate report
videos  

presidential addresses
annual meetings
affect videos
masters of finance


historical textbooks
ombudsperson


news & events  

afa news
conference calendar
call for papers calendar
virtual conferences and events calendar
submit an event


careers  

for job seekers – main site
for job seekers – postdoc career connections
for employers – main
for employers – postdoc career connections



















what’s new







the afa board of directors has voted to approve the following editorial teams:


january 28, 2025				

journal of finance (effective july 1, 2025) executive editor: antoinette schoar (massachusetts institute of technology) co-editors: leonid kogan (massachusetts institute of technology), jonathan lewellen (dartmouth college), thomas philippon (new york...
read more









steve kaplan selected as new afa fellow


january 22, 2025				

congratulations to steve kaplan for his selection as 2025 afa fellow.  professor kaplan is the neubauer family distinguished service professor of entrepreneurship and finance and kessenich e.p. faculty director at...
read more









tyler muir awarded the afa’s 2025 fischer black prize


january 9, 2025				

the american finance association has selected tyler muir as the 2025 recipient of the fischer black prize. tyler muir is the donnalisa ’86 and bill barnum endowed term chair in...
read more









guidelines for the afa rookie recruiting cycle


september 13, 2024				

in the interest of developing a more coordinated job market that benefits all involved, the afa board of directors has approved the following recommended guidelines regarding the rookie job market....
read more




 



afa committees
academic female finance committee (affect)
committee on racial diversity (cord)



take a look at the new afa finance postdoc career connections for job seekers and for employers. 









the journal of finance








latest contentforthcoming articles


volume 80: issue 1 (february 2025)


volume 79: issue 6 (december 2024)


volume 79: issue 5 (october 2024)


volume 79: issue 4 (august 2024)




most citedtop 25 recent articles
top 50 articles of all time



call for submissions
follow the link below to submit your work to the journal of finance.
submit a paper to the jf








news and events


from the editorafa newsvirtual eventsupcoming events


answers to faq about the recent withdrawal of an accepted article in the jf

posted: august 28, 2022				

this post provides answers to a number of questions that the jf editors have received about the recent withdrawal of an accepted article in the jf: https://doi.org/10.1111/jofi.13164 why a withdrawal and not a retraction? retractions are for articles that have been formally published in their version of record. a retracted article stays online, but with … 
continue reading “answers to faq about the recent withdrawal of an accepted article in the jf”



editorial statistics

posted: june 21, 2022				

for the past 12 months: median turnaround in 47 days. 90.8% of all decisions made within less than 100 days. more at this link: editorial statistics



editorial statistics

posted: june 7, 2022				

for the past 12 months: median turnaround in 49 days. 90.8% of all decisions made within less than 100 days. more at this link: editorial statistics







the afa board of directors has voted to approve the following editorial teams:

posted: january 28, 2025				

journal of finance (effective july 1, 2025) executive editor: antoinette schoar (massachusetts institute of technology) co-editors: leonid kogan (massachusetts institute of technology), jonathan lewellen (dartmouth college), thomas philippon (new york university), adi sunderam (harvard university) journal of finance: insights & perspectives (effective january 1, 2025) executive editor: janice eberly (northwestern university) co-editors: valentin haddad (university … 
continue reading “the afa board of directors has voted to approve the following editorial teams:”



steve kaplan selected as new afa fellow

posted: january 22, 2025				

congratulations to steve kaplan for his selection as 2025 afa fellow.  professor kaplan is the neubauer family distinguished service professor of entrepreneurship and finance and kessenich e.p. faculty director at the polsky center for entrepreneurship and innovation at the university of chicago. his research focuses on private equity, venture capital, entrepreneurial finance, corporate governance and … 
continue reading “steve kaplan selected as new afa fellow”



tyler muir awarded the afa’s 2025 fischer black prize

posted: january 9, 2025				

the american finance association has selected tyler muir as the 2025 recipient of the fischer black prize. tyler muir is the donnalisa ’86 and bill barnum endowed term chair in management at ucla anderson school of management. his research interests include asset pricing, financial intermediaries, and financial crises. before joining ucla anderson, muir was on … 
continue reading “tyler muir awarded the afa’s 2025 fischer black prize”



afa 2024 election results

posted: november 20, 2024				

congratulations to the officers and directors elected in the afa 2024 election: president: ulrike malmendier,president elect and 2026 program chair: wei jiang,vice president: sydney ludvigson,directors: reena aggarwal, nicolae gârleanu, kelly shue.




















videos



2025 presidential address2025 awards and business meeting


see more videos from the 2025 annual meeting









finance jobs




auburn university: department chair in finance – harbert college of business
february 13, 2025 

university of north georgia: dean of the mike cottrell college of business
february 12, 2025 

https://pcg.law.harvard.edu/: post-doctoral corporate governance fellowships for economics, finance, and accounting researchers
february 3, 2025 

san diego state university: assistant professor — entrepreneurial finance
january 29, 2025 

san diego state university: assistant professor — corporate finance
january 29, 2025 

see more jobs











search afajof.org



search for:		


  
search	

 

 the american finance association (afa) is the premier academic organization devoted to the study and promotion of knowledge about financial economics.

 contact | terms of use | privacy policy

 


















































































































































































