



	certified legal video specialist (clvs) | ncra
















 




















        menu
        












welcome 


 my profile 


 logout






login










membership


join


learn more




find a professional


jobs


donate to ncrf






   





events & news


ncra conference & expo 


2025 ncra conference & expo - schedule


2025 ncra conference & expo - hotel


ncra conference & expo - faqs


call for presentations


conference dates




ncra leadership & legislative boot camp


court reporting & captioning week


celebrate certification month


jcr - journal of court reporting


jcr - journal of court reporting - digital magazine


jcr writers guidelines




newsletters


ncrf ask me anything


press center


press releases


press gallery


ncra media instructions and tips






the profession


find a professional


find a job


what is captioning?


what is court reporting?


what is legal videography?


state regulations information


scholarships and grants


stenograph milton h. wright memorial scholarship


ncra  case student scholarship


ncrf a to z® scholarship


career launcher student scholarships


ncrf gina battaglia memorial student intern scholarship


ncrf student intern scholarship


carl sauceda grant


court to cart grant


michelle grimes memorial grant


monyeen black memorial grant


new professional reporter grant




awards and contests


case award of excellence


distinguished service award


fellows of the academy of professional reporters


honorary members


the jim bouley family lifetime award for altruism


national speed contest


national realtime contest




ncra code of professional ethics


cope - advisory opinions


cope complaint procedures


cope - complaint procedures  against members


complaint procedures against advertisers




cope - guidelines for professional practice


ncra ethics first program


sign up for ethics first


ethics first and gift giving




captioners code of professional ethics


clvs code of professional ethics




stenography briefs


resource center


ncra logo download center


ncra marketplace






start your career


careers in stenography (discoversteno®)


free online intro to stenography course


exploresteno


considersteno




career launcher stenography program


ncrf career launcher for administrators and firm owners




mentorship


sign up to be a mentee


sign up to be a mentor


virtual mentor program faqs


other mentoring programs




schools and program information


ncra-approved court reporting programs


court reporting program approval


ncra-approved school logo




student membership


teach an ncra a to z®  program




certification


ncra certifications


registered skilled reporter (rsr)


registered professional reporter (rpr)


registered merit reporter (rmr)


registered diplomate reporter (rdr)


certified realtime reporter (crr)


certified realtime captioner (crc)


certified reporting instructor (cri)


certified legal video specialist (clvs)


state certification requirements


ncra certificates


certified program evaluator


trial presentation professional






certification test center


online skills test information center


online skills test registration


online skills testing - faqs, requirements, and policies




written knowledge test information


written knowledge tests - faqs




testing forms


exam retention policy




continuing education


online learning center


continuing education program


continuing education program rules


continuing education requirements


ways to earn continuing education


third-party continuing education


approved events






continuing education transcripts


continuing education submission




newly certified


ncra certification policies


exam retention policy


exam history reinstatement policy


certification reinstatement policies


continuing education program rules






get involved


partner with ncra


volunteer


ncra committees & councils


oral histories program




advocacy


advocacy action center


advocacy library


grassroots lobbying


arranging a meeting with your legislator


building a strong coalition


talking with legislators on the phone


sample phone script


do's & don'ts when dealing with legislators


writing an effective letter to the editor


writing effective letters and emails to your legislators




ncra key issues


student shortage


other ncra key issues




nationwide legislation


on the hill


legislative support


government resources


strategic alliances


state politics






ncra political action committee


pac constitution and bylaws




foundation


foundation fundraisers


a to z fundraiser




ncrf board of trustees


ncrf board of trustees nomination




foundation bylaws


ncrf ask me anything




social networking


teach a stenography course (ncra a to z® online program)




about ncra


membership


member benefits


membership types


member faqs


ncra member logos


annual business meeting




leadership and governance


board of directors


serving on the board


board meetings




constitution and bylaws


articles of incorporation




ncra policies and procedures


committees


ncra election center


strategic plan


finances and operations




affiliated court reporting associations


state  association benefits


national congress of state associations (ncsa)


ncsa toolkit




state regulations information


ncra state association leaders manual


state request for ncra representative




ncra marketplace


store


ncra merchandise shop




advertise with ncra


press center


meet the team


contact us


faqs


careers at ncra


history of ncra


in memoriam













 





save the date!
registration for clvs hands-on training and production exam opens on march 1





 























        in this section
        



registered skilled reporter (rsr)


registered professional reporter (rpr)


registered merit reporter (rmr)


registered diplomate reporter (rdr)


certified realtime reporter (crr)


certified realtime captioner (crc)


certified reporting instructor (cri)


certified legal video specialist (clvs)


state certification requirements


ncra certificates


certified program evaluator


trial presentation professional






 
















home 
 / 
certification 
 / 
ncra certifications 
 / 
certified legal video specialist (clvs)
certified legal video specialist (clvs) 






 
what is clvs?
the certified legal video specialist (clvs) is designed for legal videographers to showcase proficiency in video deposition practices.  the clvs program sets and enforces standards for competency in the capture, utilization, and retention of legal video and promotes awareness of these standards within the legal marketplace. legal videographers partner with court reporters to ensure the integrity of both the video of legal proceedings and the official transcript.
 
 

who is eligible for the clvs certification?
videographers who wish to develop proficiency in legal video deposition practices.
 



i would encourage others to earn the clvs certification because you never know when you may need the skills, even if you are primarily still reporting. 
deborah alvino, rpr, crr, clvs, crc













clvs testing information

the following are the three components of clvs testing. 
 





 






mandatory online clvs education




pricing
 member: $350  
nonmember: $450  






number 1 (online clvs education workshop) is mandatory and must be taken first.
 
clvs education
this online seminar is mandatory and is comprised of seven modules that cover the knowledge you need to record depositions with confidence.
register for mandatory clvs education








 

 







clvs production exam and hands-on training
exam location: ncra headquarters, reston, virginia.



pricing
 member: $325
nonmember: $425


 


optional hands-on training 
pricing
 member: $200
nonmember: $300





number 2 (production exam) and number 3 (wkt) may be taken in any order.


spring 2025 clvs production exam and hands-on training: may 1-3 
 registration period: march 1 – april 23

 

hands-on training: may 1 (afternoon)
 production exam: may 2-3




 
production exam
the production exam is administered two times a year: spring and fall (depending on interest). please contact ncra by calling 800-272-ncra (6272) for more information, or contact the clvs staff. during this exam you'll run the show at a staged deposition and be graded on your ability to follow video deposition guidelines and produce a usable, high-quality video of the deposition. when your passing grade is confirmed, and you have passed the written knowledge test, you have earned your clvs. this exam will stay on your record for 3 years. if you have not taken your wkt within three years of the production exam, you must retake the exam.
candidates who already hold another ncra certification will earn 0.25 pdc after passing either the written knowledge test or the production exam.



 

 







clvs written knowledge test (wkt)
test online through pearson vue




visit ncra.org/wkt for pricing information





written knowledge test
the written knowledge test (wkt) is a 120*-question, multiple-choice test that focuses on the areas that come from the clvs job analysis:


pre-production (19%)
production (39%)
post production (28%)
professional practices (14%)

you must pass with a score of 70 or better.

* pretesting ensures that all items on an examination are items with good statistics and no brand-new, untried items will appear on any examination. this means that the examinations will have 120 items instead of 100 items. these items will not be scored, so the exams are still based off of 100 points. candidates will not know which items are pretest items. candidates have 110 minutes to complete all items on the test.

this exam will stay on your record for three years. if you have not taken your production test within three years of the wkt, you must retake the exam.
 
wkt registration and information









 

how to maintain your clvs certification
as an clvs, you'll participate in ncra's continuing education program. all clvss must maintain either continuous membership or annual payment of clvs fees in order to maintain their certifications.
 
i. continuing education requirement
 clvss are required to earn 1.0 continuing education unit (ceu), the equivalent of 10 hours of approved seminar time, per three-year ceu cycle. clvs may earn .25 professional development credits (pdcs) towards the 1.0 ceus required for their cycle. please check your cycle transcript to view your continuing education record for this cycle.
 
learn about clvs exam retention policy
 
 

ii. membership requirement
clvs certification is maintained with the one of the following annual renewals:

non-members: $90 annually - clvs nonmember renewal form
members: applicable member pricing. by renewing your membership you automatically renew your certification.  learn more about clvs member benefits below.

you do not need your renewal form to renew over the phone. a member services and information center specialist will be happy to assist you. ncra hours are 8:30 a.m.–5 p.m. et, monday to friday.
please note that only ncra members are listed in the online ncra prolink directory. 
 



why should a clvs join ncra? learn about the benefits


when you join ncra, you will gain access to a robust court reporting network that will provide you the ability to dramatically improve your business. through ncra events, listings, and resources, your membership status will elevate you within the ncra community by increasing your referral network and providing you with the exposure you need to gain a competitive edge over nonmembers and uncertified videographers.
join today
 





benefits


nonmember
            clvs
$85 per year


member
 clvs*
$179 per year





free basic listing as a clvs in the online ncra prolink*
 
x


access to upgraded listing options in both the digital ebook and online ncra prolink
 
x


authorized use of the clvs logo on the certification holder’s marketing materials*
x
x


authorized use of the clvs designation following the certification holder’s name*
x
x


reduced pricing in the ncra store

x


reduced pricing for select ncra events and education offerings

x


access to ncra’s online educational catalog
x
x


authorized use of the ncra member logo on the member’s marketing materials
 
x


subscription to the journal of court reporting (contains special legal video content)
 
x


subscription to the jcr weekly, a news publication for the reporting, captioning,and legal video professions
 
x


access to group rates for errors & omissions insurance as well as personal liability insurance
 
x


access to members-only sections of the ncra website
 
x



 
*clvs prospects may join ncra prior to becoming certified. however, they will not enjoy these particular benefits until all components of the clvs certification have been successfully completed.



 
 

 

recognition of your achievement
after you have earned your certification, you will be able to log in to your ncra account and print your newly earned certificate to proudly display in your home or office. your certification also gets recognition in the journal of court reporting and on ncra's website. ncra membership also includes a complimentary listing in ncra prolink.
 
 

 

clvs code of ethics
preamble
the mandatory code of professional ethics for certified legal video services (clvs) defines the ethical relationship the public, the bench, and the bar have a right to expect from a clvs member. the code sets out the conduct of the clvs member when dealing with the user of video services and acquaints the user, as well as the member, with guidelines established for professional behavior. by complying with the clvs code of professional ethics, clvs members maintain their profession at the highest level.

a clvs member must also adhere to the voluntary principles for professional practice when providing legal video services as well as all local, state and federal rules and statutes.
here are some resources:


clvs code of ethics flyer


    here are the 62 standards for legal video depositions as set forth by the certified legal video specialist (clvs) council of the national court reporters association.
    

 
 











national court reporters association




connect12355 sunrise valley drive, suite 610reston, virginia 20191800-272-6272













quick linksmembershipcertificationearn ceusncra learning centerevents & newsresource centerfoundationncra marketplaceadvertise with ncrajob boardfind a professionalncra storejcr magazinepress centergeneral faqscareers at ncra




associated sitesthejcr.comdiscoversteno.orgcaptioningmatters.orglearningcenter.ncra.org







contact ussend us your feedback 




 
ncra payment policy












© national court reporters association   
accessibility statement   
privacy policy  
site map




free cookie consent management tool by termsfeed


update cookies preferences

















