


movie sound clips! - audio sound clips from movies, tv, video games, people and sound effects.











moviesoundclips.net
movies
tv shows
sound effects
video games
people
misc
request
store
links
about this site
twitter





featuring 13,635 movie, tv, sound effects, video games, people and misc sound clips!
file formats include wav, mp3, ogg, m4r and flac.





star wars - the force awakens sound clips added!
posted january 18th 2017 - 12:21 pm
new sound clips from star wars - the force awakens (amazon)! i didn't think it was perfect, but j.j. abrams did a pretty good job. a fun movie all the way around.

i apologize for the lack of updates around here. i will do better in 2017, i promise. in case i don't, feel free to pester me over email or twitter! enjoy!






the hobbit - the desolation of smaug sound clips added!
posted january 29th 2015 - 12:27 pm
new sound clips from peter jackson's the hobbit - the desolation of smaug (amazon). part 3, the battle of the five armies is coming up.

i added a couple requests from firefly (amazon).

added a few sound clip requests from marvel's guardians of the galaxy (amazon). thanks to everyone who requested those.

this update isn't as big as i had hoped. don't worry, i'm hoping to update more frequently in this coming year. feel free to pester me over email or twitter! enjoy!









edge of tomorrow - live die repeat sound clips added!
posted december 4th 2014 - 9:20 pm
new sound clips from tom cruise's sci-fi adventure edge of tomorrow - live die repeat (amazon). this movie deserved more attention. i really liked it.

i finally got to the requests for peter capaldi from doctor who (amazon). i have more to get to, i know. don't worry, i will.

added a few sound clips to the epic ww2 film the longest day (amazon). thanks to @graham6895 for requesting those.

i have so many in the queue it's almost hilarious. don't worry, i'm knocking them down one by one. feel free to pester me over email or twitter!






captain america: the winter soldier sound clips added!
posted october 3rd 2014 - 9:50 pm
i added a few sound clips from marvel's captain america - the winter soldier (amazon). i have to say, i rather enjoyed this movie. it was better then i had anticipated. 

i also added a couple requests from code name: emerald (amazon). thanks to @graham6895 for requesting!

i'll be adding more to captain america 2 over the next few days. i also have a ton more requests that i have in the works. thanks for visiting!






orange is the new black sound clips added!
posted august 14th 2014 - 2:34 pm
okay, i heard you! this update is for all those who have been begging for orange is the new black (amazon), a netflix original series. i hope i got them all. let me know if i missed any. thank you to everyone who requested. you know who you are.

the next update will focus on requests, so get those in as soon as possible to make the cut! remember to include those timelines in your requests!





showing entries: 1 - 5 of 66    <previous - next> 


most popular sound clip of december 2016:


from the tv series doctor who








wav (95k) mp3 (126k) ogg (104k) iphone (281k)

					the sound of the tardis
				


top movies, tv shows and video games of december 2016:

movie studio themestransformers
how the grinch stole christmasdoctor who (christopher eccleston)
finding nemothe dark knight
300guardians of the galaxy
iron manstar wars episode vi - return of the jedi
shrek 2star wars episode iv - a new hope
monsters inc.wall-e
the avengersjaws
batman beginscaptain america - the winter soldier
aliensanchorman
the dark knight riseswhere eagles dare
mean girlsthe hunger games
sawshrek
the princess bridestar wars - the empire strikes back
iron man 2the hobbit - the desolation of smaug
pirates of the caribbeanlord of the rings - fellowship of the ring
edge of tomorrow - live die repeatbraveheart
the walking deadgladiator
the lego moviejurassic park



			questions? comments? complaints? then e-mail me at movie@moviesoundclips.net!
			













last updated:january 18th, 2017








 

sign the guestbook - view the guestbook
home | movies | tv shows | sound effects | video games | people | misc | request | store | links | about this site | facebook | twitter

legal notice
copyright © 1999-2025 rikeromega3 productions




subscribe to movie sound clips update alerts!
email: 











