



t10 technical committee
















home
projects
drafts
publications
reflector
email archives
recent uploads

about t10
meetings
documents

lookup doc:

members
patents & procedures

links
minutes
search docs
editors page
vendor id & codes










home of 




 scsi storage interfaces




this is the place to find more information about i/o interfaces,
especially serial attached scsi (sas), the small computer system interface (scsi), and much more.
there are also pointers here to other web sites on fibre channel,
ata (ide), and atapi. 

    about t10
   scsi-3 standards architecture
 recent documents and drafts
  meeting information
   draft standards and technical reports
  documents (proposals)
 minutes
     t10 reflector (email list)
 projects
     publications
  mailings
members home page (to get document numbers or vote)
 rules, procedures, and patent information
  vendor id, asc/ascq, and standards identifier codes
  electronic information sources and mailing lists
   x3t9.2 archives
   mirror sites
search for: documents
    or t10 reflector email
t10 project editors page



how do i get an account on this system?
actually, most people do not need a t10 account. the first time you click on a link to download a file, you will be 
asked for a little information and to agree that the incits notification on file access is acceptable (t10 does not 
share this information). a cookie is stored in your browser saying you have already agreed, so you don't have to fill out the 
form every time. click here for more details on t10 document access.
you also do not need an account to subscribe to the t10 email reflector. click here to subscribe.
you need an incits membership if you plan to vote on t10 letter ballots. you need an incits account or a t10 
account if you wish to upload proposals without administrator approval.
you can obtain an account by filling out the form at incits
or by contacting a t10 officer.









please visit the sta forum, a snia technology community at
https://www.snia.org/groups/sta-forum/
for more information about sas and scsi.




t10 is grateful to 
western digital corporation
for hosting this site.

disclaimers: (stuff the lawyers want you to know.)
the information on the t10 web pages are provided by the t10 technical
committee on a best-effort basis.  the content on this site is contributed by
the t10 technical committee and by other individuals directly or indirectly
involved with t10 activities.  the content here is not reviewed by
western digital corporation nor by the scsi trade association.  these
organizations make no commitments about the content, performance, or
availability of this site.


found on a coffee cup:
bradley's bromide: "if computers get too powerful, we can organize them
into a committee; that will do them in."

(this page was last updated 2016/03/30)
for more information on t10 or if you have comments on this page,
contact the
t10 officers.








