london hotels: find london hotel information and read reviews by hotelguide
homeaboutcontactlondon hotels - homepageespañoladd your hotel area hotel rates group hotel rates metroguide.network > hotelguide > europe > london homepagelondon hotelshotel posts“the east london hotel”“the east london hotel is ideally located for the bars and restaurants of trendy shoreditc…”posted by: the east london hotel“central london west end budget bed and breakfast hotel”“the parkwood is a gracious small b&b town hotel in an exclusive part of central london at…”posted by: parkwood hotel“bed and breakfast near gatwick airport”“da vinci gatwick guest house is only 10 minutes from london gatwick airport and 6 minutes…”posted by: da vinci gatwick bed and breakfasthotels may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“close to shopping and underground”private member, anchorage - “i recently stayed 5 days in london at the capitol ho…”said about: the capital hotel“worst hotel i have ever stayed in”sarah, dublin - “this hotel was freezing between us we took up three rooms, …”said about: yardley court private hotel“location is good for victoria station”non-member, reader - “this place is a dump! period. it is a very pricey ****hole.…”said about: noel coward hotelreaders are welcome to share opinions.by location » by name » (try keywords "hotel with a pool")
welcome to hotelguide.networks' directory of hotels and hotel reviews for london, england!

encompassing more than 600 square miles, metropolitan london is an enormous city with numerous hotel options. some of the world's best known hotels are in greater london, many built before the turn of the century, some much earlier. london's high season runs april to october, although rooms also can become decidedly scarce on other occasions. from tea at brown's to double decker bus transportation, some things never change, even though london is again said to be on a hip culture curve reminiscent of the sixties. less english and more international than ever, more than 200 languages are spoken here, with the café culture encompassing cuisines from more than 70 countries in some 6,000 restaurants and 5,000 pubs and bars. more than 30 historic gardens and 120 historic buildings add to the charm of a city that also boasts some 200 museums, 600 cinema screens, and 108 music halls. within an hour of london are 95 golf courses, 2,000 tennis courts, seven ice rinks, and six race courses. buckingham palace, the red brick official residence of the queen, is the big magnet for first time visitors. built as a country house for the duke of buckingham, king george iii bought it in 1762 to house his brood of 15 children.  queen victoria made it the official palace, preferring it over st. james palace. through various reigns, it has been expanded, upgraded, and restored after world war ii bombing.  



located in a 40-acre garden with 600 rooms, tours have been available since 1993 during august and september when the royal family is absent. 
open to the public are the state room, the grand staircase, the throne room, and other areas designed by john nash for george iv, as well as the 
picture gallery, with masterpieces by van dyck, rembrandt, rubens, and others. buckingham palace's changing of the guard occurs daily from april 
through july and alternating days for the rest of the year. london has the perfect lodging option for every budget and itinerary, from numerous 
boarding houses, bed and breakfast inns, to contemporary, full-service hotels, in every neighborhood of the greater london area. 

we have organized our listings of london's local hotel accommodations into several geographic 
areas and alphabetically.  you can begin browsing for hotels in the greater london area by 
selecting one of the links shown below.



browse hotels by location:
·downtown london
our admittedly arbitrary definition of "downtown" london includes hotels east of parliament square and westminster, centered mainly on fleet street and the strand area. 

·knightsbridge & belgravia
hotels near the home of harrod's, in knightsbridge, a fashionable top shopping district. hotels in belgravia, south of knightsbridge, which rivals mayfair in splendor and aristocratic flair. 

·london airport - gatwick
hotels near london gatwick airport (lgw), 27 miles away from the city center, on the southern outskirts of the metropolitan area. 

·london airport - heathrow
hotels near london heathrow airport (lhr),located on the city's western side, 15 miles from the city center, near windsor castle.  

·greater london
hotels in communities west of london, including marlow, north of london, including cambridge and in the east end of london, including the docklands.   

·surrounding communities
hotels located in communities surrounding the greater london area, including nursling, southampton, salisbury and others.  

·northwest london
a large number of moderately priced hotels are located in the marylebone area. this section also includes hotels in bloomsbury (home of the university of london), paddington and bayswater. 

·southwest london
as you go to the south and west in london, the kensington area, known for some of london's best shopping, has many fine hotels. this section also includes earl's court, south kensington and chelsea. 

·mayfair to st. james
bordered by hyde park on the west, this area includes hotels in the fashionable mayfair area, st. james, leicester square and piccaddily circus.  




browse hotels by name:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
you can return to the hotelguide london home page at any time by pressing on the "hotelguide" button in the left margin of the page.
area facts: the center of london, also known as the square mile, was the original city of londinium built by the romans, some of which is preserved to this day.  the international dialing code for the united kingdom is 44; the city code for central london is 207, and the city code for the outer areas is 208.
« top of pageadjacent links:birmingham hotelsrelated links:area info.liverpool hotelsmanchester hotelsyork hotelsother links:smart highway daynational metaverse daybelfast hotelsbrussels hotelsnew york hotelsparis hotelsrotterdam hotelsother versions:londres guía de hotelesmetroguide.network > hotelguide > europe > london homepage« top of page | sitemap 
© 1996-2025, metroguide.com all rights reserved.privacy policy | terms and conditionsto list your hotel with the london hotelguide service: click here.to contact hotelguide: click here.hotelguide and hotelguide london are service marks of metroguide.com, inc. hotelguide network is a registered service mark of metroguide.com, inc. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. metroguide.com, inc. does not own or operate hotel properties. metroguide eventguide diningguide nightguidehotelguideattractionguidemore locations...
london hotels:our readers'3 smile favoritesst. martins laneyardley court private hotelbrown's hotelthe savoy hotelhilton london st. erminsgoring hotelcollin houseknightsbridge green hotelblandford hotelhallam hotelhilton london gatwick airportradisson edwardian hampshire hotelwake up london hotelbyron hotelhillgate hotelhotels by featurenon-smoking hotelwifipet-friendlymeeting facilitygay-friendlyswimming poolfitness centerin-room safelarge hotelsmall hotel





