








overflite











overflite











                      model hot air balloons - instructions how to build
                      birthday candle engine powered ufo fire baloons
                      mathematics and technology for science and design

birthday
                      candle balloons can climb over two thousand
                    feet high, sail for over a mile, shine like big
                    orange stars and then finally burnout. it's like
                    having your very own rocket launch program. like
                    nasa or spacex. except cheaper, more fun and not so
                    time-consuming. 

                    people can fly fire balloon fleets - youtube

































                      - sky lanterns - or launch scenic location
                    party balloons. or play party balloon bocce
                    ball or original starship

































                      trooper. like some filibustero

































                    or sneaky

































                      pete - can launch from anywhere there is a
                    clear path to the sky. balloon will then fly into
                    the slipstream. through the whirlwind and into the
                    clear air. 

                    -- balloon science scroll down -- or click - balloon history - balloon lift - balloon heating - balloon aerostatics - 
                    
                    -- balloon designs - homemade plastic
                      bag balloon - dry cleaner bag balloon - scroll
                      down


                    = = = 

                    save the icebergs - planetary engineering - hijack
                    icebergs in baffin bay. tow iceberg-trains to
                    safe-space. gate-keep bering strait
save the icebergs - save the world -
                          build the iceberg-space-mirror in hudson bay -
                          build the iceberg-trains - build the
                          iceberg-wall - save the polar-ice-cap

www.vikingballoon.com

www.vikingballoons.com

                    = = = 
 


                      = = = 


                      viking funeral balloon - w crown design engine -
                      burns up at the end to scatter the ashes
 
this is a concept balloon. idea is for a paper
                      balloon at around 1600 cubic feet. powered by
                      around 1000 birthday candles with crown engine
                      heating and tic-tac-toe frame. with lots of
                      options.
www.overflite.com/viking.html






model











                            hot air balloon science

-
                      balloon lift - weight of
                        air calculation, heating and hot air balloon
                        lift - applies gas laws to model hot air
                      balloons.
                        
                      - balloon heating - mathematical












                        models for candle balloon design - builds a
                      system of geometric models for approximating
                      candle balloon heating. suggests how many birthday
                      candles to use for different volumes.
                        
                      - balloon design - aerostatic









                        design principles for paper hot air balloons!!
                      -- applies geometry, algebra, and scaling, to
                      build formulas and methodologies for calculating
                      theoretical specifications for both plastic and
                      paper model hot air balloons.
                        
                      - balloon volume - volume
                        calculations for cylinder shaped balloons
                      includes a table for different bag sizes. it also
                      describes scaling, ie. the geometry for changes in
                      dimensions, volume and surface area for
                      equivilently shaped objects. 

- balloon lab - hot air
                        balloon laboratory -- school science project
                        lesson plan heats a dry cleaner bag balloon,
                      with a hot air popcorn popper. measures
                      temperature and lift. applies the mathematics for
                      gas laws.
-  instructions how
                        to build dry cleaner bag fire balloons.
                      included are balsa wood "h-frame" balloons,
                      drinking straw "x-frame" balloons, and mixed
                      component balloons. also included are specs for
                      the physical dry cleaner bags that fly. plus list
                      of plastic bag supply houses. where perhaps a
                      large roll contains 666 balloon bags - allotment.
                      

-  instructions how
                        to build homemade bag fire balloons. only
                      balsa wood "h-frame" balloons are included so far.
                      stay tuned for information on drinking straw frame
                      balloons. possibly with "x-frame." or go figure.
                      since it is pretty simple anyway. main rule being
                      that if the engine gets too heavy then just add
                      another strut!!  
                     - computerized

































                      simulation of candle balloon design & heating - developed by
                    dan freeland from the czech republic.

                      - central park nyc -- overflite's
                      secret home base - 10106
                    - mostly flew after things got quiet. mostly from
                    1995 to 1999. had some beautiful flights. hale-bobb
                    intercept - great triangle in the sky - thread the
                    needle - take the a-train - ne corridor - east river
                    bump - west side hudson - helicopter escort -
                    reflections in the glass - behondo - yankees launch
                    - hells gate launch - richard nixon memorial launch
                    - dc expeditionary launch - over 100 flights. 

- history of fire balloons - w
                        links 

 - web links -- includes
                      links to various plans for building paper hot air
                      balloons. etc.


notice: all
                          balloonists are warned that they build and fly
                          fire balloons completely at their own risk,
                          and that they are completely responsible for
                          determining all risks, and for any
                          consequences that result! sky lanterns have
                          been flying for almost 2000 years. people can
                          reasonably claim - "flown by the billions" -
                          since you can only imagine the extravaganzas
                          the various emporers sponsored over the years.
                          plus the everyday sky lanterns for regular
                          holidays, important events and remembrances.
                          plus all the wishes that people have flown for
                          too. for fun or serious. where sky lanterns
                          symbolized a link between earth and heaven.
                          with the sky as the cathedral.
 remember,











                      you are completely responsible for every balloon
                      you fly!










models include homemade plastic bag balloon
                      & dry cleaner bag -
                        straw boss balloon ...
                      - drinking straws are stuck together to make the
                      x-frame. scotch tape flaps on the ends of the
                      straws make it simple to tape frame to bag. engine
                      is pinned to frame with three shirt pins.
                      - typical birthday candle engine for straw boss is
                      made with 24 of the 36/pack cakemate candles.
                      melted together with a fork. made double-file. 12
                      + 12 = 24 candles. for cold weather only!
                      - alternately balsa wood sticks can be tied
                      together or taped together into an h-frame. -
                      specifications for pic balloon - 15 cubic feet -
                      1/3 mil bag made w hot pizza-cutter - h-frame
                      balsa wood frame - single-file engine - w 44
                      candles - 24/pack type.
                       
                    see warnings - balloonists completely responsible
                    for all fire balloons - scroll down for more
                    information 


                    -- "win

































                        one for the gipper" - circa 1919 george

































                      gipp signed photograph was sold at auction
                    04/22/11. heritage auctions - www.ha.com 
































                    - the world's
                      largest collectibles auctioneer -  2011

































                      april dallas signature sports collectibles auction.
                    sports memorabilia experts say there are fewer than
                    10 gipp's in the entire world. -- find out - how many gipps are there?
                    <>

win the
                      gipp - sold - for final realized price of $6572 - the
                      second greatest trophy after the stanley cup
                     
                    ........  
                      ................ ........



also check out -
                      youtube -- video - candle

































                        hot air balloon - fire

































                        balloon - ufo

































                        balloon - sky

































                        lantern -- plus - scroll down - for - serious fire balloon
                        info - includes balloon science, theory
                      and design. plus actual flying models. includes
                      straw boss dry cleaner bag model. plus exotics
                      & imaginaries & theoretical balloons. -- balloon report
                      - "very peaceful
                        - serene - beautiful - i think we witnessed some
                        type of miracle"- 
                      - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
                      go for
                      launch - nowdays - it's buy and fly. beaucoup stock
                    and store. seriously cheap. especially for balloon
                    bocce or fire balloon fleets. muster motley crew of
                    friendly friendlies. launch cheap flights. like
                    filibustero or sneaky pete. figure the flying
                    lanterns to climb into the slipstream for a five
                    minute one-click free flight. but it seems much
                    longer. colder the better. like a pbr. or dogfish
                    head. 

                    some say... for presumed best visibility ideal
                    lift-off time is roughly four minutes before sunset.
                    sunset sweeps upward into the sky at around 1,000
                    feet per minute. afterglow is minimal. i'm not a
                    believer though. think it might just be some
                    chimera. when it is over it is over. but not until
                    then. to learn about this, notice illuminated
                    contrails and exact time. then know yourself quite
                    perfectly when the illumination disappears. be a
                    good healthy camper. victory rolls are cool too. can
                    also do google earth from street address of launch
                    site. then make a video of your launch!  

                        video - wow

































                        hot balloon - or click












                        here - balloon launch model looks similar to
                      the overflite birthday candle balsa wood homemade
                      bag designs.

- what

































                        fire balloons can and cannot do
- - - - - - - - - - - -
                      - - - - 

- abc

































                        tv news report -- july 17, 2001 -- strange
                        lights over new jersey - & possible
                      explanations
                      - 1970s











                        ufo sightings -- news article - overflite dry
                        cleaner bag fire balloons 

- police chopper
                        attacked by ufo in kentucky -- couple confesses
                        to launching dry cleaner bag ufo fire balloon
                      --

- for

































                        sale: slightly used ufo -- needs new candle --
                        contact the sheriff -- 

- police

































                        say some ufo's are fire balloons with candles
                      -- 

- ufo

































                        reports and pranks continuing... 

-  homepage

































                        for larry robinson -- ufo debunker -- 
                     - national

































                      ufo reporting center --homepage -- ufo
                      reports database -- - roswell

































                      ii? -- reports from the ongoing ufo craze in
                      rockford, illinois --  
                    - -

--like
                        some unbearably hot air balloon

































                          camp town sneaky pete copacetic paper air
                        force snoopy
                        dog camp ground lowdown showdown light-weight
                        flea-flicker beer belly flip-flop fogie foggy
                        bottom fish tidal pond water spout mall rat
                        swampground rat-faced dog

































                          robber jack & jill. -- then slowly holiday parade float
                        water back pain goose down to the three phase
                        neutral ground. more fun than spud gun or tennis
                        ball cannon barrel roll. for birthday party
                        ideas or music concert tour or airshow fly-by
                        rodeo cowboy bull lingo. then go running track
                        one it and chase bank it down vest jacket. plus
                        keep score too. splash-down. right on the money.
                        hole-in-one. bingo. augered in. done deed.
                        bingo. bocce ball toss up parabola buys mucho
                        dinero rounds of golf club balls and cocktail
                        fruit drink special situations. parade float
                        boat and passenger ship. music player video
                        revolution. revolutionary soldier camping tent.
                        beans and bacon. down under the radar. bike by
                        touring bicycle wheel. roll over the national
                        international cheerleading squad. global
                        competition brigade. titanic titan or alexander
                        or sneaky peter the great. up against the wall
                        decor sword of the xenomorph. without ceremony.
                        by virtue of the authority. fly like an eagle.
                        free freedom bird nest airline. five by five.
                        bronco billy club jack. clausewitz or sun tzu
                        ground or machievelli or galileo telescope. war
                        protest. newt gingrich 2012. sarah palin 2012.
                        christine o'donnell 2012. zeus olympus olympics
                        olympiad. jupiter or apollo project or saturn
                        booster rocket or mercury space capsule or
                        gemini spaceship capsule. hit homer or aesop
                        fable about or sly fox or black crow or tortoise
                        or turtle or american eagle or billy goat or
                        sheep or sheeple horse salamander or frog man
                        mouse a lion a wolf pack. chicago eu spain
                        mexico greece potomac uk germany russia. get
                        higher higher education standards.
                          

launch ideas

-- check weather
                      - for ambient temperature - wind speed & wind
                      direction - google nyc zip code - 10106

































                        weather hour by hour note - wind direction
                      is where the wind comes from. north by north-west
                      is written nnw. balloons











                      travel in the exact opposite direction - south by
                      south-east - sse.
-- large friendly crowd
                      is always good. lighted utility candles might help
                      camouflage launch and provide good visual effect.
                      always remember to act super-friendly with any
                      higher ups. to help give the balloons time to
                      escape.
-- for faster lighting
                      & heating - high-temperature blowtorch-type
                      lighter might help speed up the lighting of the
                      fuel cell. faster the better.
-- buy cheap torch
                      lighter from smoke store - $5 - to pre-heat
                      lantern, a birthday candle "torch" might work too.
                      who knows? wrap 24+ birthday candles in
                      rubberband. then drip layers of wax onto the
                      candles to hold them together. build out the sides
                      real thick to slow down the sides from melting
                      away. can make the torch double or even triple
                      high to last longer. can also make a special torch
                      holder out of cardboard and masking tape.
-- to pre-heat lantern,
                      a can of sterno might work okay. plus possibly to
                      help light fuel cell too. can wear glove and tape
                      masking tape all around can so it does not get too
                      hot to handle.
-- heat funnel sterno
                      battery can be made with corrugated box. plus
                      sterno for heating. shape the flaps at the top
                      into a pyramid. tape top together with masking
                      tape to make heat funnel. guess a six inch opening
                      is reasonable. cut or tear air vents at bottom to
                      let air in. heat with four to six can sterno
                      battery. 

notes - sterno is the
                      only reasonably safe way i have ever been able to
                      think of to make a heat funnel sterno battery. to
                      pre-heat serious balloons. sterno is very
                      expensive. most importantly it heats with a
                      separate low flame for each can. which is good.
                      most of the other ideas are not very good.
                      especially bad is either a high flame or that
                      enable the flames to combine into a super-flame.
                      flammable liquids are also mostly bad. even close
                      to 100% isopropyl alcohol. because the flame tends
                      to get too big. plus the flame is close to
                      invisible. other possible ideas include charcoal
                      or some type of super-candle. or some formula for
                      diy sterno. also... camping stoves are generally
                      somewhat weak sources of heat. imho. but might
                      work ok. don't know. also, if you insist on
                      alcohol, 100% only. no water. lol. plus some type
                      of splash pan might work ok. guessing. like a
                      super-sized large piece of aluminum foil. reason
                      why is if the latent alcohol quickly disappears.
                      otherwise you invite yourself a fireball. or
                      thunderball. seriously. remember dumb ideas are
                      bad.

- - - - - - - - - - - -
                      - 

can also play with
                      terminology. especially for group launches or
                      flashmobs. back and forth between launch
                      commanders and ringleaders and crowd - google - youtube

































                        apollo 13 go for launch
 "apollo 13 flight
                        controllers - listen up - give me a go or no go
                        for launch" - q - "...are you go?" - a -
                      "we are go - fly." - "we are go for launch." - or
                      - "we are no-go - chill - wait a minute"
                      then later post-launch - "we have lift-off" -
                      "rocket is go" -- plus other pseudo and pretend
                      aeronautic and rocket talk - "on my mark" - "we
                      have rocket" - "we have balloon." - "roger that."
                      - "going ballistic" - "right up the middle." - "in
                      the profile." - "we are in the pipe - five by
                      five." - "rough air ahead - we're in for some
                      chop." - "we are on an express

































                        elevator to hell - going down." - 
                    - - - - - - - - -  
great quotes
                      - alien - "has anyone ever mistaken you for a
                      man?" - a - "no, you?" - - "what do you mean they
                      cut the power? - how could they cut the power? -
                      they're animals." - "let's just bug out and call
                      it even, okay?"
                        great quotes - winston

































                        churchill - "if we fail, then the whole
                      world... will sink into the abyss of a new dark
                      age, made more sinister... by the lights of
                      perverted science."
                       great song
                      - culture warriors - amendment

































                        x - "wake up and take a stand - they are
                      stealing our freedom across the land - wake up -
                      can't you see? - our freedom is not what it used
                      to be -
                         great












                        song - grateful dead - brown

































                        eyed women - sing!
                      - "tumble down shack in bigfoot county - snowed so
                      hard that the roof caved in - delilah jones went
                      to meet her god - and the old man never was the
                      same again - daddy made whiskey and he made it
                      well - cost two dollars - burned like hell - i cut
                      hickory just to fire the still - drink down a
                      bottle and you're ready to kill" -
                      great song - jimmie rodgers - away

































                        out on the mountain - 1927 - "where the
                      whipporwills sing me to sleep at night - and the
                      eagle roosts on the rocks of spontane" - 
                     great song
                    - gonna

































                      be a showdown - elo - electric light orchestra - every dream in her
                      heart was gone - - heading for a showdown -
                    great poem
                    - the











                      raven - edgar allen poe - let my heart be still
                      a moment - - and this mystery explore - - 'tis the
                      wind and nothing more -
                     great poem - rime

































                      of ancient mariner - samuel taylor coleridge -
                    the selfsame
                      moment i could pray - - and from my neck so free -
                      - the albatross fell off, and sank - - like lead
                      into the sea -
- - - - - - - - - - - -
                      -

history in west
                                     
                                     
                            

 paper
                      and wax fire balloons have a long history in the
                      west. going back to the montgolfiers in 1783. the
                      french thought of balloons as a transformative
                      tool for human thought. per typical french deist
                      thinking. especially during the balloon

































                        craze period. yeah, let's forget about god.
                      let's worship balloons instead. 

the french revolution
                      period from 1789 to napoleon's final defeat in
                      1815 was a time of big ideas. some good. some
                      horrible. as expressed by percy shelley, who flew
                      protest balloons over london town in around 1812.
                      he wanted the brits out of ireland. so he flew
                      fire balloons to protest. meanwhile lots of other
                      people were flying fire balloons too. with their
                      own pseudo-ideas and declarations. "this
                      balloon..."

sonnet - to a balloon,
                      laden with knowledge
                      by percy bysshe shelley - (1812)
  bright ball of
                      flame that thro the gloom of even
                      silently takest thine etherial way
                      and with surpassing glory dimmst each ray
                      twinkling amid the dark blue depths of heaven
                      unlike the fire thou bearest, soon shall thou
                      fade like a meteor in surrounding gloom
                      whilst that unquencheable is doomed to glow
                      a watch light by the patriots lonely tomb
                      a ray of courage to the opprest & poor,
                      a spark tho' gleaming on the hovel's hearth
                      which thro the tyrants gilded domes shall roar
                      a beacon in the darkness of the earth
                      a sun which oer the renovated scene
                      shall dart like truth where falshood yet has been
                       
                      there are several other documented practical uses
                      for the fire balloons in political and military
                      history. first with the original chinese inventors
                      and others for military communications. including
                      the conquest of taiwan. to communicate between
                      paramilitary in mountainous terrain. now a
                      national symbol and festival. second to signal the
                      start the failed nagpur revolt. though the
                      balloons never flew. because the ringleaders got
                      caught. third was by the french resistance. who
                      reportedly flew fire balloons against enemy
                      troops. which the enemy might have tried to shoot
                      down. followed up by cat and mouse - ditch the
                      cops - don't get caught - blows
against

































                        the empire. 

rise & fall of
                        the original montgolfier paper balloons

- paper fire
                      balloons remained popular in the west throughout
                      the 19th century until around the great
                      depression. or even past wwii in some places in
                      the us. also known as fourth of july balloons. but
                      they didn't last. and got replaced in the popular
                      imagination by the

































                        airplane - also think they might have been
                      popular in bohemian circles. and that people in
                      paris liked them a lot. especially to cap off the
                      evening.

as described by julie
                      white in peoria il - the first forty years - "the automobile
                        displaces the horse and buggy, while in the sky
                        fourth-of-july fire balloons floating over the
                        city give way to airplanes."

some old people still
                      remember them. though mostly likely only as a
                      vignette. since they would have been so young back
                      then. and have not likely thought much about it
                      since then. until something reminds them. ask
                      them! but also the tradition has been kept alive
                      throughout latin america and in various places in
                      italy and greece and elsewhere. so some travelers
                      would become familiar about them through original
                      experience. 

ray bradbury wrote the
                      "martian chronicles" in 1948. apparently fire
                      balloons are scheduled to fly on mars in 2033. to
                      communicate with the last living martians.
                      otherwise bradbury describes "the

































                        fire balloons" from 1925.

"you rarely see them
                      these days, though in some countries i hear they
                      are still made and filled with warm breath from a
                      small straw fire hung beneath. but in 1925
                      illinois we still had them, and one of the last
                      memories i have of my grandfather is the last hour
                      of a fourth of july night 48 years ago when
                      grandpa and i walked out on the lawn, lit a small
                      fire and filled the pear-shaped red-white-and-blue
                      striped paper balloon full with hot air, and held
                      the flickering bright angel presence in our hands
                      - a final moment in front of a porch lined with
                      uncles and aunts and cousins and mothers and
                      fathers - and then very softly let the thing that
                      was life and light and mystery go out of our
                      fingers up on the summer air and away over the
                      beginning-to-sleep houses among the stars as
                      fragile, as wondrous, as vulnerable, as lovely, as
                      life itself."
                    = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

                      overflite model hot air balloons

                     traditional











                      paper fire balloons or montgolfiers (in italian)
                    - have been flying ever since the invention of the
                    manned hot air balloon, by the montgolfier brothers,
                    in 1783. in the united states they were known as fourth












                      of july balloons and were part of american
                    folk history, of the 19th and early 20th centuries.
                    likewise, fire balloons are also a part of world
                    history.
                     -------------------------------- 
                    people still fly paper fire balloons in a number
                      of places around the world, mainly for festival of
                      lights celebrations. in brazil
                      - (2)
                      people balloons fly in june. in italy people
                      balloons fly in september. in greece
                      people fly balloons for easter. in buddhist
                      countries people fly balloons in october, to
                      celebrate buddha's return from heaven and to light
                      the path from heaven to earth. 
during world war ii french resistance fighters
                      apparently launched paper fire balloons. in
                      french, "foo" means either fire or fool. many of
                      the foo

































                        fighter sightings - (2)
                      seem a lot like fire balloons too. also, on
                      february 25, 1942, it seems a japanese submarine
                      might have launched hydrogen balloons, with flares
                      attached, to trigger the

































                        battle of los angeles. 
dry cleaner bag fire balloons were also inspired
                      by kenneth

































                        arnold's 1947 ufo sighting. they were then
                      popularized by popular science magazine
                      instructions how to build miniature hot air
                      balloon with dry cleaner bag, wire, cotton and
                      lighter fluid. here
                      is a first-person account of one of those early
                      ufo balloons. meanwhile enterprising young
                      inventors invented the birthday candle balloon
                      too. and inventors are still inventing the
                      birthday candle balloon today.

 see




















                        - youtube birthday candle balloons - most of
                      these balloons are knuckle-scrapers. but show a
                      lot of devotion and love. 
 

fire balloons! materials,
                          construction and design
                       
                     classic dry cleaner bag balloons are
                    made with thin half-mil "dress bags," 4 1/2
                    feet tall, weighing 6/10th of an ounce. taller
                    half-mil bags also work, but are hard to find.
                    nowdays most dry cleaner bags are 3/4 mil thickness,
                    and weigh too much to fly. sometimes hobbyists tape
                    two dry cleaner bags together to make a larger bag.
                    in warm weather, dry cleaner bag balloons tend to
                    hover at first, with very little net lift. at high
                    elevations, dry cleaner bag balloons may not fly at
                    all.  
"large envelopes," in different sizes and
                      shapes, can be made with thin plastic sheeting.
                      look for 1/3 mil (8 micron) high-density
                        plastic sheeting. welds are made with a heated











                        pizza cutter, on top of a wooden board. it











                        is amazing how well this system works!
                      scotch tape repairs any weak spots. 

important - to stabilize the balloons, the bags
                      are tapered, and small ventilation holes are made.
                      this provides "negative draft," which helps
                      to reduce the de-stabilizing effects of "billowing."

"h-frames" are made by tying three balsa
                      wood sticks together with string. the "h-frame"
                      and balsa wood design is more advanced than the
                      traditional x-frame. since the two sides help keep
                      the bag away from the frame. but the h-frame does
                      not adapt very well to drinking straws. 

"x-frames" are ideally suited to drinking
                      straws. they can be made by sticking drinking
                      straws into each other, and pinning two sets
                      together with a shirt pin. 
engines are made by melting birthday
                      candles together with a heated fork.
                      alternately, dripped wax can melt the candles
                      together. the most efficient engines are single-file.
                      they get maximum oxygen and cooling area. to
                      conserve space, engines can also be made double-file.
                      here two single-files are melted together. melted
                      wax holds the engine to the frame. 
technologically advanced balloonists can apply
                      the information to design large volume christmas











                        candle balloons, or homemade candle balloons,
                      which can burn for around forty minutes. candle











                        powered paper hot air balloons can also be
                      designed. for more detailed information on design
                      and construction -- stay tuned! 
note: for any type of experimental fire balloon,
                      it is not a good idea to rely too much on an
                      outside heat source. otherwise a too-heavy balloon
                      might climb up at first, then land, risking a
                      crash and burn.

------------------------------------ 


fire balloons! warnings and
                          cautions:   
once a fire balloon
                        gets launched it becomes completely
                        uncontrollable. it can't be recalled. fire...
                        flying through the sky. you had better hope it
                        has a successful flight. if it crashes and
                        starts a fire and the police get involved then
                        it is important to confess. since it can only
                        get worse if the police have to track you down.
                        but balloons that crash in trees that go out?
                        forget about it. also to remember that the sky
                        does not catch on fire. so hope the balloons go
                        up really really high. then burn out. then they
                        are safe. since nothing happened.
                          


                    people under eighteen years old should have parental
                    permission to fly powered model hot air balloons.
                    remember that fire balloons might be considered to
                    be fireworks, and potential fire hazards. do not use
                    any fuel that does not easily blow out.  
 do not fly fire balloons in any fire danger
                      areas, especially if they are hilly or
                      mountainous, or if it is windy or gusting. do not
                      fly any faulty or damaged fire balloons. avoid
                        crash and burns. balloonists are obligated
                      not to cause any fire danger. also, fire balloons
                      should not be made too large, in case they land
                      directly in automobile traffic. 
 the faa prohibits operating any "unmanned
free

































                        balloon" in a hazardous manner, per faa-dot

































                        101.7 - the faa also prohibits including any
                      significant amounts of metal, on devices
                      that fly to altitudes where there may be aircraft.
                      do not fly wire frame fire balloons. they can be
                      dangerous to turbine engine aircraft. they can
                      also short-circuit electrical power lines.  
                                   
                                   
                                   
                                   
                                  

do not fly fire balloons near airports.
                      especially avoid active takeoff and landing
                      patterns. avoid flying fire balloons near any
                      other prohibited or restricted areas without
                      permission, as appropriate, unless it is very late
                      at night -- and doesn't matter.
build flightworthy balloons, according to the
                      conditions. avoid flying fire balloons in winds
                      above ten miles per hour, especially if gusting.
                      avoid damaging balloons or crashing them into
                      obstacles. avoid antagonizing the police or
                      neighbors. monitor the complete flight of every
                      balloon. be responsible, and use good judgement. try












                        to make every flight a success!. 
as long as candle powered fire balloons don't
                      crash and burn, there is not a big fire danger.
                      the plastic bag does not appear likely to become a
                      serious hazard either, as long it isn't very large
                      and it doesn't land directly in automobile traffic
                      -------------------------------------. 
                    fire balloons launch best at sea level, in cool
                    weather, with very little wind and no strong gusts.
                    for local wind speed, visit yahoo weather.
                    the calmest weather is generally early evening, late
                    evening and dawn. at sunset and dawn, the red of the
                    sun can make the balloons shimmer. for group
                    launches try three balloons. "best of sights, overflight." 











                    
 
                      by thomas taylor -- balloons@overflite.com
 
                    = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

                    -- ron paul - state of republic address - 1/22/10 -
                    ron paul warns of coming social and political chaos
                    - here
                    - part 3 of 3 - 3:00 minutes -
                     "... dangerous












                      times indeed. what can be done about it? must we
                      wait for the inevitable and expect to restore our
                      liberties in a streetfight
                      against the overwhelming power of the state? not a
                      good option ... liberty ... freedom ... an all
                      powerful state is the threat to that ideal ... ".
                    

                     -- mick jagger -- well then what can a poor
                    boy do? except to sing for a rock and roll band.
                    cause in sleepy london town there's just no place
                    for a street
fighting

































                      man.
                      
                    ---------------------------

                     -- hudson -- that's it man, game over man,
                    game over! what are we gonna do now? what are we
                    gonna do? -- 

                    -- burke -- why don't we build a fire, sing a couple
                    of songs! why don't we try that? -- 

                    -- hudson --17 days?! - (until rescue ship arrives)
                    - hey man, i don't want to rain on your parade, but
                    we're not gonna last 17 hours against those things!
                    -- 

                    -- ripley -- hudson! this little girl (newt)
                    survived longer than that with no weapons and no
                    training. -- hudson- why don't you put her in
                    charge? -- 

                    -- ripley -- i
                    feel like kind of a fifth wheel around here, is
                    there anything i can do? --
                    apone -- i dunno, is there anything you can do?

                     ---------------------------
                     hijack

































                    - blows against the empire - jefferson starship
                    - 1970 -       lyrics
                     you know - a starship circlin in the sky - it
                    ought to be ready by 1990
                    they'll be buildin it up in the air even since 1980
                    people with a clever plan can assume the role of the
                    mighty
                    and hijack the starship
                    carry 7000 people past the sun
                    and our babes'll wander naked thru the cities of the
                    universe
                    cmon
                    free minds, free bodies, free dope, free music
                    the day is on its way the day is ours
                     --------------------------- 

                     abraham lincoln - (1809 - april 15, 1865)
                     -- public sentiment is everything. with public
                    sentiment, nothing can fail; without it, nothing can
                    succeed.
                     -- if destruction be our lot, we must
                    ourselves be its author and finisher. as a nation of
                    freemen, we must live through all time, or die by
                    suicide.
                     -- if general mcclellan isn't going to use his
                    army, i'd like to borrow it for a time.
                     -- all the armies of europe, asia and africa
                    combined, with all the treasure of the earth (our
                    own excepted) in their military chest; with a
                    buonaparte for a commander, could not by force, take
                    a drink from the ohio, or make a track on the blue
                    ridge, in a trial of a thousand years.
                     -- whenever i hear anyone arguing for slavery
                    i feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him
                    personally.
                     -- this nation, under god, shall have a new
                    birth of freedom. government of the people, by the
                    people, for the people, shall not perish from the
                    earth. 

                    -----------------------------

                     note: mary shelley created frankenstein in the
                    summer of 1816, in switzerland, when she was 18
                    years old. this was volcano summer 1816. when winter
                    never left. meanwhile her housemate, lorn byron,
                    created dracula. thereby creating two of the
                    greatest characters in science fiction and horror.
                    as one of the great crowning achievements in
                    literary history. literally inventing both genres at
                    the same time.

                     meanwhile her brand-new husband percy bysshe
                    shelley was also famous as a great poet. previously
                    he flew fire balloons over london town. this was in
                    around 1812, when he was 20 years old. to protest
                    english colonial rule over ireland. apparently he
                    also attached sheets of his own writing. some might
                    have been banned. shelley apparently also enclosed
                    sheets of writing in bottles. then presumably
                    floated them away or left them in places where they
                    were likely to be found by friendlies. this was a
                    common method of protest at the time.

                     at the time europe was recovering from the
                    after-effects of the 1789 french revolution. which
                    caused chaos, class warfare and civil war for
                    several years. this lead to napoleon. who conquered
                    most of northern europe at one time or another.
                    until he was finally beaten for good in 1815. one
                    year prior. this 25 year disruption largely ended
                    feudalism in europe. which was characterized by most
                    of the people living as peasants or serfs. people
                    were henceforth emancipated. and were free to live
                    their lives as they chose. this was also the start
                    of the industrial revolution. people visualized new
                    societies and wondered what they would look like and
                    how they would be created. it can be said to be the
                    beginning of the modern age. which was characterized
                    by the rise of both industry and the nation-state.
                    most notably the independence of the nations of
                    germany and italy in around 1870.
                     
                     -- percy

































                      bysshe shelley - (1792-1822) -- a poet is a
                    nightingale, who sits in darkness and sings to cheer
                    its own solitude with sweet sounds. -- love is free.
                    to promise for ever to love the same woman is not
                    less absurd than to promise to believe the same
                    creed. such a vow in both cases excludes us from all
                    inquiry.

                     -- a man, to be greatly good, must imagine
                    intensely and comprehensively; he must put himself
                    in the place of another and of many others; the
                    pains and pleasures of his species must become his
                    own.

                     -- when my cats aren't happy, i'm not happy.
                    not because i care about their mood but because i
                    know they're just sitting there thinking up ways to
                    get even. -- first our pleasures die - and then our
                    hopes, and then our fears - and when these are dead,
                    the debt is due - dust claims dust - and we die too.
                    -- only nature knows how to justly proportion to the
                    fault the punishment it deserves.

                      -- mary

































                      wollstonecraft shelley - (1797-1851)  --
                    invention, it must be humbly admitted, does not
                    consist in creating out of voice, but out of chaos.
                    -- the same energy of character which renders a man
                    a daring villain would have rendered him useful in
                    society, had that society been well organized.

                     -- how dangerous is the acquirement of
                    knowledge and how much happier that man is who
                    believes his native town to be the world, than he
                    who aspires to be greater than his nature will
                    allow.

                     -- if our impulses were confined to hunger,
                    thirst, and desire, we might be nearly free; but now
                    we are moved by every wind that blows and a chance
                    word or scene that that word may convey to us.

                      -- no man chooses evil because it is evil. he
                    only mistakes it for happiness, the good he seeks
                    .
                     -- life and death appeared to me ideal bounds,
                    which i should first break through, and pour a
                    torrent of light into our dark world.  -- i saw
                    the hideous phantasm of a man stretched out, and
                    then, on the working of some powerful engine, show
                    signs of life, and stir with an uneasy, half-vital
                    motion.

                     -- what terrified me will terrify others. and
                    i need only describe the spectre which had haunted
                    my midnight pillow.

                     -- i beheld the wretch - the miserable monster
                    whom i had created.

                      -- frankenstein

































                      - the modern prometheus - (1818)  -- once
                    i falsely hoped to meet the beings who, pardoning my
                    outward form, would love me for the excellent
                    qualities which i was capable of unfolding.
                      
                    -- i have love in me the likes of which you can
                    scarcely imagine and rage the likes of which you
                    would not believe.

                     -- satan has his companions, fellow-devils, to
                    admire and encourage him. but i am solitary and
                    detested.

                     -- if i cannot inspire love, i will cause
                    fear! -- beware - for i am fearless, and therefore
                    powerful.

                     -- devil, do you dare approach me? and do you
                    not fear the fierce vengeance of my arm wreaked on
                    your miserable head?

                     -- with how many things are we on the brink of
                    becoming acquainted, if cowardice or carelessness
                    did not restrain our inquiries?
                      
                    -- he is dead who called me into being. when i shall
                    be no more the very remembrance of us both will
                    speedily vanish.
                      
                    -- mary wollstonecraft shelley -- the giant now
                    awoke. the mind, never torpid, but never rouzed to
                    its full energies, received the spark which lit it
                    into an unextinguishable flame. who can now tell the
                    feelings of liberal men on the first outbreak of the
                    french revolution. in but too short a time
                    afterwards it became tarnished by the vices of
                    orléans — dimmed by the want of talent of the
                    girondists — deformed and blood-stained by the
                    jacobins.
                      
                    -- winston churchill - "what general weygand called
                    the battle of france is over. i expect that the
                    battle of britain is about to begin. upon this
                    battle depends the survival of christian
                    civilization. upon it depends our own british life
                    and the long continuity of our institutions and our
                    empire. the whole fury and might of the enemy must
                    very soon be turned on us now. hitler knows that he
                    will have to break us in this island or lose the
                    war. if we can stand up to him, all europe may be
                    free and the life of the world may move forward into
                    broad, sunlit uplands. but if we fail, then the
                    whole world, including the united states, including
                    all that we have known and cared for, will sink into
                    the abyss of a new dark age, made more sinister, and
                    perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted
                    science."
                      
                    -------------------------------------- 

                    summary - when riding a motorcycle too fast into a
                    hairpin turn there are basically two strategies
                    about what to do to avoid possible injury and death
                    and destruction.

                     risky strategy - go over the top - speed up
                    and drop down into the turn and hope you don't hit
                    sand or gravel or the rail or fence or curb or
                    ditch. if the bike crashes it will typically flip
                    over in the opposite direction and fling the rider
                    high into the air at high speed. it is a very
                    dangerous strategy. but does sometimes avoid
                    crashes. by the amazing ability of the expert rider
                    to manouver a high speed turn. but the crashes are
                    very spectacular and deadly too. typically both the
                    bike and rider get completely destroyed. this is
                    what the obamian
                    administration is doing right now.

                     conservative strategy - prepare to drop the
                    bike - slow down for the crash as much as possible
                    while still trying to make the turn and find an
                    opportunity. then do everything possible to defend
                    against the crash. typical move is to lay down the
                    bike in towards the turn and then try to ride the
                    bike like a sled for as long as possible. then to
                    try to treat getting thrown off the bike like it is
                    some kind of great leap forward. and live to fight
                    another day. possibly with a reasonably undamaged
                    bike too. this is what the republicans and tea party
                    is proposing to do. for america to survive. it is
                    also the less dicey strategy of the two. and with
                    greater promise for long-term success.

                     --------------------------------------
                     
                    -- tacitus -- a shocking crime was committed on the
                    unscrupulous initiative of few individuals, with the
                    blessing of more, and amid the passive acquiescence
                    of all. 

                    -- maximilien

































                      robespierre -- the secret of freedom lies in
                    educating people, whereas the secret of tyranny is
                    in keeping them ignorant. 

                    -- napoleon bonaparte -- when small men attempt
                    great enterprises, they always end by reducing them
                    to the level of their mediocrity. 

                    -- leon trotsky -- england is nothing but the last
                    ward of the european madhouse, and quite possibly it
                    will prove to be the ward for particularly violent
                    cases. 

                    -- saul

































                      alinsky -- an organizer must stir up
                    dissatisfaction and discontent ... he must create a
                    mechanism that can drain off the underlying guilt
                    for having accepted the previous situation for so
                    long a time. out of this mechanism, a new community
                    organization arises ... the job then is getting the
                    people to move, to act, to participate; in short, to
                    develop and harness the necessary power to
                    effectively conflict with the prevailing patterns
                    and change them.

                     = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

                     rime of the ancient mariner

                    - by samuel taylor coleridge - 1796 - excerpt

                     beyond the shadow of the ship
                    i watched the water-snakes
                    they moved in tracks of shining white
                    and when they reared, the elfish light
                    fell off in hoary flakes.
                     within the shadow of the ship
                    i watched their rich attire:
                    blue, glossy green, and velvet black,
                    they coiled and swam; and every track
                    was a flash of golden fire.
                     o happy living things! no tongue
                    their beauty might declare
                    a spring of love gushed from my heart,
                    and i blessed them unaware
                    sure my kind saint took pity on me,
                    and i blessed them unaware.
                     the selfsame moment i could pray;
                    and from my neck so free
                    the albatross fell off, and sank
                    like lead into the sea.

                      = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 
                     
                    buy a balloon! - out of
                        business
                         
                     
                    the overflite store sells









                      "ready to fly" hot air balloons and kits-- 
                     
                     --made by identified
                      flying objects ltd (ifo)  
 
                      


"best of
                        sights, overflight"
 


www.overflite.com

balloons@overflite.com

                    - 
     

                    - 

                    -
                    


                    -
                    





                    -
                    





                    -
                    






















