












nutter: law firm with offices in boston, new york, san francisco, and hyannis


















main content




contact







your experienceour valuespeopleservicestrendingcareers
let's talk
every great solution starts with a good conversation.
contact >


your experienceour valuespeopleservicestrendingcareers






we earn your business by understanding it.





announcementnutter recognized as aba free legal answers 2024 pro bono leader
press releasenutter represents kaplansky insurance agency in its acquisition by alera group
announcementfei li and chelsea torres named to the leadership council on legal diversity’s 2025 fellows and pathfinders programs



see what’s trending





knowing your business is our business.




explore our services
“nutter has vast experience in just about everything i do.”




alcohol
banking and financial services
cannabis
emerging companies and entrepreneurship
energy
food and beverage
health care
higher education
information and technology
life sciences
manufacturing
medical devices
philanthropy
real estate







committed to the ideals of equality and justice.as a law firm, we believe we have a responsibility to promote these ideals and to end racism and intolerance and support the preservation and protection of basic human rights. this is one of the cornerstone values of our firm, expressed externally through our long-standing commitment to provide free legal services to individuals and organizations of limited means and our long-term support of organizations fighting for equal access to justice such as lawyers for civil rights and kind, as well as internally through our pursuit of a diverse, united, dynamic, and high-performing workplace. 
our commitment to equity, diversity, and inclusion





dedicated to our clients for over 145 years.





how can we help?






clients tell us that they choose nutter so they can partner with top-quality lawyers who take a client-centric approach to solving their complicated legal issues. we like to hear that, because that is exactly what we are all about.






the nutter experience


client perspectives


client success







every great solution starts with a good conversation.



let's talk

offices >
inquiries >
contact an attorney >
careers >

“i really do feel nutter has my best interests at heart. they put themselves in my position and understand the relevance and importance of not just my case, but my business.”- nutter client










back to page




 

linkedintwitterinstagramfacebook


boston
hyannis
new york city
san francisco




accessibility
attorney advertising
privacy policy
terms of use
site map
site by firmseek
© 2025 nutter mcclennen & fish llp. all rights reserved.









  




