 








duluth charter fishing - home

















































 
 






 


 

  

 



 




home




 
 trips & rates

  





back




lake superior charter fishing






lake superior tributary fishing






sunset & sightseeing tours






custom & small boat trips












our captains






vessels






gallery






in the media






local lodging






contact us





 





 




duluth charter fishingwelcome toour goal is to make your northern minnesota fishing trip of a lifetime a reality!book today!lake superiorcharter fishingwe offerquestions? need to book a trip? just want to talk about fishing? contact us today!learn more!fish north captainsmeet yourour experienced captains and guides are all insured, licensed, and certified for the waters you will be fishing.learn more







 







welcome to duluth charter fishing!

duluth charter fishing (fishnorthmn.com) has established itself as the twin ports’ premier charter service. we have been fishing the waters of lake superior out of duluth, mn for over 15 years! it is always our goal to provide a safe, fun, enjoyable and, of course, successful day on the water. as full time charter captains we give you 100% on every fishing trip, as it is our reputation on the line every time we leave the dock. we understand that our business depends on our reputation to provide a memorable experience for each and every one of our guests. we appreciate the importance of repeat bookings and will always strive to assure that each guest leaves as a satisfied client and more importantly becomes a friend. competitive tournament fishing keeps the duluth charter fishing crew sharp in order to assure your trip is the finest fishing and boating experience that is offered from duluth. 

please let us know if you are interested in fishing with us!

contact fishnorth mn today! 








we use tournament proven techniques to target lake superior for world class lake trout, chinook, coho salmon, brown trout, steelhead, and even trophy walleye.











when the big lake gets too rough we also target the incredible walleye and musky fishery that is the st. louis river.











if a fly rod, centerpin, or drift rod is more your style, we also offer trips on both the world famous brule river and north shore streams in both spring and fall seasons.














 









when you go on a lake superior charter fishing trip, being prepared is key!
fish comfortably from one of our fully rigged, tournament equipped boats using top quality rods, reels, and tackle. everything is provided for a fun day of fishing (rods & reels, life jackets, tackle, bait, and gas). all you need to bring is a current fishing license and any special personal gear. if you have a favorite rod or tackle, you are welcome to bring it along. hop aboard and let’s go fishing!




 











 




what our customers say 





my wife and i had a charter with capitan jordan today and it was an absolute blast! jordan was an very professional, put us on the fish and made sure we had a great time. it was awesome to see the captain get just as excited as us when we caught fish. i would highly recommend booking a trip with him and we will definitely be rebooking!





matthew lemke








captian kent was nothing short of amazing with my kids. he was so accommodating, & made sure we were all comfortable, & catching fish. don't waste your time looking for another guide. you have found the best there is!!!





krystal jackson price








had a great morning outing with capt. jordan yesterday. jordan is a seasoned charter captain with a nice boat and state of the art equipment. he is also a friendly and very entertaining guy who makes the whole experience fun for everyone.  i'm really looking forward to trying out that new trout recipe i have!!





dick moneypenny








my buddies and i had a great time out with captain kent for a bachelor party! even with 80+ degree weather, clear skies, and super calm water kent got us on the fish!





brandon olson















 










 












sunset & boat sightseeing tours available!
welcome aboard our premier charter fishing service, where we invite you to embark on unforgettable adventures. experience the magical allure of the setting sun as you join our captivating sunset tours, where tranquil waters and vibrant skies create a breathtaking backdrop for cherished memories. whether you're an avid angler seeking the thrill of reeling in the catch of a lifetime or simply a nature enthusiast looking to immerse yourself in the beauty of the lake, our professional and knowledgeable crew will guide you through an exhilarating voyage.

for those who prefer to relax and soak in the maritime splendor, we offer ship sightseeing tours that showcase the awe-inspiring coastal landscapes and historic landmarks that grace our pristine waters.
2-hour boat tours are $300, and accommodate up to six people. come aboard and discover the wonders of the great lakes with duluth charter fishing!

contact us to book today!





















 




our awesome partners 












dr. juice usa











marine general











simms fishing











cortland











lure parts online











tfo rods











yeti



















 











customers






fish






mornings






photos












 









potential state record lake trout with fishnorth mn!
"charter captain jordan korzenowski at first thought his lure was bouncing on the sandy bottom of lake superior about five miles out from the duluth aerial lift bridge.

but when he grabbed the stout rod, he felt the telltale pumps of a big fish.

“i immediately handed it to the client, of course, and then the battle started,” korzenowski told the duluth news tribune..."

read story here!


















 





questions? need to book a trip? just want to talk about fishing? contact us today!























 







 













    © duluth charter fishing & fishnorthmn.com | designed by joe polecheck photography.


































 


 


 


 





 


 


 





















ready to book a trip? click one of the links here to book with one of our captains!  book with kent book with jordan


 


















