


eurotech services international, unimog









eurotech services international,  two locations in oregon, usanorth america's #1 source for unimog support, serving the public and private sectors, for industry, municipalities, agriculture, forestry, government agencies, emergency and disaster response, off-road mobile workshops and laboratories, research expeditions, eco-tourism and off-road recreation.please note: visits to our oregon facilities are by appointment only. voice: (541) 837-3636 ***  fax: (541) 837-3737
"your parts, today"





supplying original replacement parts for all mercedes-benz unimog, gelaendewagen, truck, bus and van types.  huge new parts inventory!  82% of customer-ordered items in 2016 were in stock and shipped immediately from our warehouses in oregon, usa!  parts not stocked are quickly procured from the german factories.  *  see note regarding orders at bottom of this page.



1974 unimog u-1100-l/416 expedition motor home with refrigerator, stove, heated water, shower, and spare parts. high quality motor home on california’s golden rod registry, runs and drives great on it's rebuilt original diesel engine, well maintained. see more!
unique mercedes-benz unimog u-1100-t 4x4 double cab expedition motorhome!  a sahara veteran that could make the trip again tomorrow. not a spartan camper, but a full-featured off-road-capable motorhome in very good condition. this 1977 custom unimog was retrofitted in 1977 by the german specialty-builder zweiweg.  the skillfully-modified chassis is paired with a 14-foot cabin, built in europe in 1995. this "mog" has had one dedicated owner since being imported from germany in 2002.  sold!  featured photo remains on site for your viewing pleasure.
1996 u-2450-l/38 double cab unimog with camper module (empty), custom modular body with roll-up shutters and door, spare tire crane and custom 360-degree exterior flood lights. used in spielberg movie! sold.  featured photo remains on site for your viewing pleasure.
1994 u-140-l custom unimog motorhomesold. featured photo remains on site for your viewing pleasure.
1980 u-1300-l unimog motorhomesold.  featured photo remains on site for your viewing pleasure
1977 unimog u-900 with auxillary headlights, roll barand diamond-plate deck, hydraulics, front implement mountssold.  featured photo remains on site for your viewing pleasure.



~~celebrating 39 years of excellence in 2017~~
(see our accessories, technical literature and promotional items pages for great gift ideas!!  scroll down for links)



eurotech services international,
serving the international mercedes-benz unimog truck and tractor
market since 1978, offers the following services for unimog owners, operators and fans, including unimog sales, service, restorations, and one-stop shopping for genuine replacement parts and accessories:




**vehicles for sale**



new, pre-owned and/or fully refurbished mercedes-benz 4x4
truck and tractor sales, including the incomparable, truly four-wheel-drive,
unimog, and the 4x4 gelaendewagen. for those browsers
that do not support java click here.
to view some of our available unimogs of the type 404.1, click on "refurbishing
process".click here to view photos and descriptions of selected unimogs, including "sbu" types.





404.1 "unimog-s" sales.  excellent condition; low miles; good rubber; no rust; competitive prices!





pre-owned mercedes-benz 4x2 truck, bus and van sales.





complete genuine replacement parts services.  prompt, professional and competively priced. largest north american inventory of parts
for several unimog, truck, bus and van types. items not stocked may be
drop-shipped from other us-based inventories, mercedes-benz and
other parts distribution centers. "germany-only" parts are received
typically within 7 days, or within as little as 2 working days, using our custom pilot's
lap courier service. (this includes any current part for any mercedes-benz product.)  85% of ordered items in 2012 were in stock and shipped immediately from our warehouses in oregon, usa! *  see note regarding orders at bottom of this page.

important replacement parts advisories:1.) due to the advanced unimog technical concept, with its extensive array of factory options, international variables - particularly with regard to integrated safety features, frequent improvements in replacement parts, and after-market equipment, the one-size-fits-all approach to web-based "shopping basket" parts sales is not advised.2.) purchasers of unimog replacement parts should be aware that numerous vendors are now marketing "n.o.s." ("new, old stock") items as "new". these military surplus spares have in many cases been stocked in nato and other logistics depots for up to 30 years, far in excess of their serviceable shelf lives.of particular concern should be electrical (including ignition), brake system, fuel system, aggregate overhaul (engine, transmission, steering and axle), and petroleum- and chemical-based items (tires and rubber/neoprene components, plastics and synthetics, composites, etc.) - including seals and gaskets, hoses, belts, filters, as well as repair kits.always insist on original factory-fresh mercedes-benz spare parts from professionally-trained parts specifiers.





tires, multi-purpose (on-road/off-road).eurotech services international sells original-equipment tire brands: michelin and continental (authorized distributor).  nationwide drop-shipping from nearest continental-general inventory of your desired tire size and tread.  the best retail pricing on factory-fresh tires!)




all technical literature, books, wall calendars and videos/dvds including
service ("workshop"), parts and operator's manuals in english, as well as other major languages, plus
videos of the unimog in action in various applications,
and "coffee table" format books featuring exceptional color photographs on the unimog and its history.




navtrak copilot, the most versatile
gps navigation system worldwide.




a demo of our refurbishing process. 




unimog accessories for sale, including european "jerry" cans and in-tank fill strainers, map lights, 12- and 24-volt appliance plugs, bulb and fuse assortment cases, special on-board and workshop tools, tire filling hoses, models, fine unimog quartz watches, hat/lapel pins, and historical postcards. 




unimog promotional items  for sale, including unimog golf and tee shirts, and caps. (logo and trademark are authorized on all offered items, through the mercedes-benz unimog general distributor for the united states of america.)




unimog technical department. (page under construction.)




euro-search, a comprehensive search of european sources for special-purpose
vehicles and associated equipment, or obsolete parts.





full workshop service facilities, for a limited group of mercedes-benz special-purpose
vehicles.




brokerage service, for all mercedes-benz trucks.




consignment sales, for all mercedes-benz trucks.




worldwide fleet repair and maintenance contracting.




consulting services, specializing in technologies applications
for industry, vehicles for international off-road expeditions, eco-tourism, recreation, mobile laboratories and workshops.




the mercedes-benz unimog... "man's
best friend" by jim ince (see footnote).




the most adventurous mercedes.
by b. johannsen, translated by jim ince.




a photo reportage of the "lost world" u-2450-l/38 crewcab
this awesome unimog, dubbed "dinohunter", was used in the film, "the lost world, jurassic park"




a collection of photos demonstrating the incomparable capabilities of the unimog in action.






an array of close-up photos exhibiting the unimog technical concept, as found in the classic unimog type s-404.




some photos we've archived for
your viewing pleasure.





photos of the new dinohunter u-2450-l/38 crew cabarchived 




(* inquiries and orders are prioritized: 1=telephone.  2=fax.  3=e-mail.  please note, as explained in our "important replacement parts advisories", above, e-mail orders are not currently being accepted from our website.  please phone or fax - see top of page for contact info.)



