




 divorce guidelines








































































rss feed

 





divorce guidelines
on the web since 1999




contact us
do-it-yourself divorce
divorce related links
decision making rules











welcome
welcome to divorceguidelines.com. now that you have found us we will do our best to help you deal with all the issues and emotions that the divorce process brings to light. our mission is to help people survive divorce and rebuild their emotional self so that they can set sail again on life’s great ocean. (we used this metaphor because divorce often feels like being lost at sea and tying to keep your head above the water with no hope of rescue in sight.)

life is the continuous adjustment of internal relations to external relations
-herbert spencer
our site is not like all those self-help sites, books and seminars that tell you, for a price, that if you just follow their secret method you can be rich and happy all the days of your life. divorceguidelines.com is more like if you try hard most of the time and you have a little luck you can get quite a bit of enjoyment and fulfillment out of your life, even after a painful divorce.
remember this if you feel like you are about to lose it. “sanity is just a measure of how well one deals with insanity.” you can do this and get on with your life as a better and stronger person. in study after study it has been found that the two most important traits for recovery and ultimately success in life are resiliency and persistence. as ernest hemingway said “get up off the mat and keep fighting.”
it is really easy to slip into the habit of constantly complaining about your divorce problems to anyone who will listen. so here is a quote to help turn that herd of problems around and head them in the right direction. “the tiniest corrective action out weights all the complaining possible.” interesting theory isn’t it?
an old proverb says “the older you get, the faster you get old.” they sure knew what they were talking about didn’t they. so don’t waste anymore time languishing in the “divorce dilemma”. go to our index and just click on what your need is today to get started on your journey.
below are some helpful quotes you might want to read before you get started. good luck on your journey.
thoughts to ponder
after a divorce you’re stuck with what you’re stuck with, at least for a while. you have to make the best of what can be a tough, even ugly, situation. here’s a quote i like to read to keep me focused on reality and not the “what ifs”.
“nobody’s problem is ideal. nobody has things just as they would like them. the thing to do is to make a success with what material you have. it is a sheer waste of time and soul-power to imagine what you would do if things were different. they are not different.”
-frank crane
when getting divorced or getting over a divorce it is hard for the mind to focus. if your days start out in a panic and end in confusion, remember that most successful days start with a plan and end with planning. give it a try! i think you will be amazed at the results. i find it helps if i do this in writing. this quote reminds me of the importance of having a plan and sticking to it so you can have time for the really important things in your life.
“you will never find time for anything. if you want time, you must make it.”
-charles bixton
money is often a big factor in divorce. it definitely does not get any smaller after divorce. remember this simple rule.
“if you don’t control money, it most certainly will control you.”
after a divorce we often end up in denial. we all know you can’t change the past, but we often choose to re-live the past over and over again. you can’t get on with the future when you are stuck in the past. one way to get out of this rut is to step back and give it your best shot to see things the way they really are, now, in the present. the next step is to accept this reality. it doesn’t mean that you will like what you find, but by accepting things as they are in the present you can leave denial and the past behind and get on with your future. life is dealing with and adapting to a connected series of changes. life is only static in photos and in our minds when we let it stop moving. however the world around us never stops, hell it doesn’t even slow down. here are two quotes that i really like — they help keep me moving and not just treading water.
“i want to die living!”
-unknown
“some people are so afraid to die that they never begin to live.”
-henry van dyke
one of the things that goes wrong and often is a player in getting divorced, is how busy all of us have allowed our lives to become. very often in a divorce the irreconcilable differences arise not from what we do, but from what we say we are going to do, but never do. i find these two little quotes very helpful in preventing an overload in the future. i hope you find them helpful too!
“the fewer promises you make the more you’ll keep.”
“the fewer commitments you have, the more committed you’ll be.”
after a divorce most of us need to work on improving our attitudes. this quote, posted in a prominent place, helps me work on my attitude daily.
give it a try!
“in one minute i can change my attitude and in that minute i can change my entire day.”
-john charles neil
shareemailprint



 

 


home
child custody
child support
children & divorce
decision making rules
divorce books
divorce counselors
divorce humor
divorce lawyers
divorce mediators
divorce overview
divorce recovery
divorce related links
do-it-yourself divorce
health and fitness
hobbies and interests
money matters
new relationships
disclaimer
contact us
 



recent posts


please post your ideas and methods for sharing the kids over the holidays.


current questions


log in  





username







password













 remember me

lost your password?











forgotten password










cancel






 

 
 
 


						©  2025 divorce guidelines. 
		
 
top
 












send to email address

your name

your email address




cancel

				post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				email check failed, please try again			

				sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			
























