



	rein





































extended menu
homeabout usjoin nowproperty listproperty list (all)property list (single family)property list (multi family)calendar of eventsmembership infojoinmember benefitsjoin email listcorporate sponsorshipsterms & conditionsother resourcesrein member resource formsreal estate articlesreal estate glossaryevent archivesfinancial calculatorsrein storetenant screeningmy accountmy dashboardmembership cardmy websiteedit websitemy propertiesbuyer leadsseller leadsspecial report leadsproperties rss feedfaq (website)my downloadsmembers directoryhow to videospremium featuresrepair estimatestraining videosseller net sheetco-marketingmore infomy profileedit profileevents attendedaccount historysign inuser faq view cartsign in







 2/18/2025: maury county lunch




register


sign in


my dashboard


contact us













real estate investors of nashville









rein menu


homeabout usjoin nowproperty listproperty list (all)property list (single family)property list (multi family)calendar of eventsmembership infojoinmember benefitsjoin email listcorporate sponsorshipsterms & conditionsother resourcesrein member resource formsreal estate articlesreal estate glossaryevent archivesfinancial calculatorsrein storetenant screeningmy accountmy dashboardmembership cardmy websiteedit websitemy propertiesbuyer leadsseller leadsspecial report leadsproperties rss feedfaq (website)my downloadsmembers directoryhow to videospremium featuresrepair estimatestraining videosseller net sheetco-marketingmore infomy profileedit profileevents attendedaccount historysign in view cart view morecontact us



















upcoming events


calendar of events





we of rein believe that people and groups involved in real estate investing build better communities by solving problems, providing housing, and building wealth. 
as a not-for-profit we commit to providing leadership, education and collaboration in the ethical practices of real estate investing for the greater nashville area and beyond.

want steps to get rich in real estate?
sign up here to receive a book: how to get rich in tennessee real estate!
download your free book!

what can rein help do for me?



accelerate your learning curve with live events.
we have been there & want you to succeed.


help you find the right curated education for your goals.
we have groups of members who meet regularly that are focused on different paths.


connect you with others who want more & work for success.
we have in-person gatherings, virtual gatherings, and some hybrids - because we want you to get the knowledge and connections to win.


member discounts
we have local and national corporate sponsors who provide discounts to our members because they know we are great to work with and they want us to win.


 
 



where else have you been in a room where every person there is working to improve their personal situation and business?
explore joining now
other useful options: 



featured events
member login
deals


calendar
corporate sponsors
membership benefits









members

a primary way that rein achieves the mission of supporting real estate investing is through helping our members grow in knowledge and networks.
[learn more]






upcoming events
maury county lunchfeb18join our real estate community to network, learn from experts, and access exclusive resources. everyone is welcome! tuesday, february 18, 2025 time: 12:00 pmvision board creation, networking and dinnerfeb18vision board creation event! 
guest speakers: allison bohen and sam warf tuesday, february 18, 2025 time: 5:30 pmexpress success members web class: what you don’t know about property insurance that’s hurting youfeb18don’t be one of the many investors every year who has a loss, and gets surprised that their property insurance doesn’t cover what they thought it did. 
learn the common “gotchas” that most real estate investors don’t discover until it’s too late. tuesday, february 18, 2025 time: 6:30 pmmurfreesboro networking lunchfeb19join us for a casual gathering. everyone is welcome to join! wednesday, february 19, 2025 time: 12:00 pmexpress success 2025feb20accelerate your real estate business with express success: 1 year of on-demand education, coaching, workshops, and group calls just $1,297. backed by a 12-month, no-risk, money-back guarantee, this program delivers unparalleled value. start today! thursday, february 20, 2025 time: 5:00 pmonline: haves and wants + propswapfeb21join our online buy/sell/trade meeting! friday, february 21, 2025 time: 8:00 amthe roadmap to true passive income with marc halpernfeb22tba saturday, february 22, 2025 time: 8:00 amputnam county investors meetingfeb24join us for this casual networking meeting for those who invest in the cookeville area monday, february 24, 2025 time: 6:30 pmladies’ real estate investing meeting: "low rates still exist—here’s how to secure one with loan assumptions"feb25"low mortgage rates still exist! learn how loan assumptions can help you secure a lower rate and save on financing costs in today’s market." tuesday, february 25, 2025 time: 10:30 amconnected investors support groupfeb25we believe in partnering with the best! tuesday, february 25, 2025 time: 6:00 pmsumner county lunchfeb26join us for casual networking, everyone welcome! wednesday, february 26, 2025 time: 1:00 pmdavidson-williamson networking lunchfeb27everyone is welcome to join this casual networking lunch! thursday, february 27, 2025 time: 1:00 pmonline: haves and wants + propswapfeb28join our online buy/sell/trade meeting! friday, february 28, 2025 time: 8:00 am
back to top




here's what our members say:






“i do 75% of all my (real estate) deals through people associated with rein.”— ed m., smyrna, tn


“rein is the best real estate education for this market.”—robert m, gallatin, tn


“rein is more valuable than any seminar or book. the people share their experience, both good and bad, and tell you things the seminars, books, vendors, gurus, and real estate agents won’t. education may open the door, but the experience you learn from this group will help you through the ups and downs beyond it.—mark h, nashville, tn


rein is the most sharing group of individuals i have ever been involved with—harold p, columbia, tn


“(when you join rein tn), you become eligible for a 2% rebate on everything you buy at home depot—and trust me, it can add up fast! they send you a check twice a year, no hassles, just a nice surprise in the mailbox. what better reason than free money can there be to join rein.—carol p, clarksville, tn

















this website uses cookies

                                    this website uses cookies to improve user experience. by using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.
                                    




ok, i got it!

view cookies and privacy policy










www.reintn.net
                                         (real estate investors of nashville) does not give legal, tax, economic, 
                            or investment advice.
                            rein
                                        disclaims all liability for the action or inaction taken or not taken as a result of 
                            communications from or to its members, officers, directors, employees and contractors. 
                            each person should consult their own counsel, accountant and other advisors as to legal, 
                            tax, economic, investment, and related matters concerning real estate and other investments.
                              


your email will never be shared or sold to other members, vendors or any other third party without your consent.



privacy policy: - 
security policy:









contact us:

real estate investors of nashville

4525 harding pike  suite 200
nashville,
                                                    tn
37205
(615) 885-5454




proud chapter of national reia



follow us






                                                copyright 2025 ©
                                        real estate investors of nashville
                                                 all rights reserved. | this reia website is powered by: real estate promo































