



	streaming media - online video news, trends, and analysis

























































-->
    













streaming media nyc
streaming media connect 2025
  
europe site

sports directory
sourcebook




get streaming media in your inbox - sign up for free















toggle menu


live streaming
encoding/transcoding
ott tv
formats/codecs/protocols
streaming media producer
products/services
industry verticals
more topics

cloud video
streaming music
sports/esports
video advertising
content protection
video production
mobile video
content delivery networks/cdn
legal issues
video quality
vr/ar/mr
products/services
industry verticals





 search


home
subscribe

magazine
newsletters
new! live sports streaming xtra
download current issue
previous issues
rss feeds


news

online video news
industry announcements


in depth

features
what is...
spotlights
video short cuts
blog
columns


whitepapers & research

streaming media guides
industry whitepapers
research reports


webinars
video

latest conference videos
video tutorials
video short cuts


resources

current issue
previous issues
streaming media sports supplier directory
streaming media directory and sourcebook
readers choice awards
trendsetting products
industry announcements


take a survey
conferences

streaming media connect 2025
streaming media nyc
    
past conferences


about

about us
contact us
how to advertise
sourcebook
media kits
editorial calendar
editorial submissions
reprints
press release submissions





   
save your free seat for streaming media connect in february. register now!








                top story
            



sneak preview: llms on air - gen ai use cases for news, sports, and entertainment

                wednesday, february 26, leading industry expert brian ring will moderate the streaming media connect panel "llms on air: gen ai use cases for news, sports, and entertainment." large language models (llms) are making inroads everywhere in the streaming world. as a text-generating subset of gen ai that stands apart from audio and video creation but is nonetheless having a significant impact on how broadcasters deliver content and how viewers experience it, how will these llms get commoditized? this expert panel addresses a host of issues around llms and streaming, from aggressive data scraping to metadata-driven discovery and more. confirmed panelists include experts from sinclair, play anywhere, and evision.
            


                    14 feb 2025





                latest news
            





sneak preview: os wars - the new ctv playing field





sneak preview: fast forward - how fast platform and infrastructure providers can better serve the market





super bowl/john stamos ad unveiled for hyperlocal streaming service zeam





how brands are transforming tv content in 2025 - a q&a with joe perello of props



more articles





                streaming media blog
            





adopting ipv6 will improve ctv advertising





why your desire for free tv could cost you





the ctv honeymoon isn’t over: a path to renewed growth





how a correctly designed dai system maximizes monetization 



more articles





streaming media companies and suppliers
find out all you need to know about the strategies and solutions to all your online video and streaming needs. the number one resource for streaming media professionals.
visit the streaming media sourcebook




                features
            





cloud control: how to meet the challenges of cloud migration and operation





the impact of spatial social computing: how the inspaze app and vision pro are inadvertently reshaping digital connection for business and enterprise





how to monetize interactive live sports streaming with real-time ssai





review: osprey video talon 4k60 encoder





the day after: post-cookie apocalypse inventory value enhancement for second-tier video publishers 





the 2024 streaming media readers' choice awards



more articles





                spotlights
            





hot products: magewell usb capture hdmi 4k pro





view from the top: ezdrm: enabling new business through security





view from the top: wowza: the power behind video





eluvio ceo michelle munson talks latest content fabric release with new ai and security features





view from the top: zixi | navigating the challenging financial landscape: the strategic importance of total cost of ownership in broadcasting and streaming





view from the top: bitcentral



more articles











free
for qualified subscribers

subscribe now
current issue
past issues


























                streaming media guides
            




best practices: analyzing your video analytics




best practices: the future of content delivery



more













                web events
            



nab streaming solutions
            coming march 20, 2025
        


optimising content delivery for impact and efficiency - europe-friendly timing
            coming april 10, 2025
        


more web events












































            video short cuts
            
                
more








choosing streaming codecs for qoe and perceptual quality

                the cynics in the streaming pundit class often liked to say that transcoding video for streaming delivery is about taking good video and making it worse. the challenge, of course, is to make whatever quality degradation results from compression as imperceptible as possible. choosing the right codecs for live or on-demand streaming requires balancing multiple considerations, from player and playback compatibility to conserving bit and preserving quality, and in this clip from streaming media connect, perceptual quality expert and imax cpo abdul rehman discusses the key decisions that go into choosing a streaming codec when trying to deliver the best qoe to end viewers.
            


                    05 feb 2025







how sports broadcast rights impact at-home and in-arena streaming experiences

                many innovative sports streamers are looking to expand opportunities for interactive sports experiences, including those that connect viewers in the venue with those watching at home. often the creativity is there and so is the tech, but in leagues like the nhl, nba, nascar, broadcast rights are the roadblock, as next league svp strategic solutions tim brady explains in this discussion with videorx's robert reinhardt at streaming media connect.
            


                    04 feb 2025







key live sports streaming ad tech trends for 2025

                how will ad tech and ad experiences evolve for large-scale live sports streams in 2025? is current architecture up to the challenge? expert opinions vary dramatically, as we learn in this heated debate streaming media connect featuring paramount's jarred wilichinsky, victory+'s narendra nag, index exchange's rob hazan, and fanserv's c.j. leonard.
            


                    26 jan 2025







how youtube and paramount maximize qos and qoe in live streaming workflows

                although quality of service (qos) and quality of experience (qoe) are critical to successful vod and live streaming delivery, the metrics used and the workflow challenges are different for live. youtube's sean mccarthy and paramount's nishant sirohi enumerate the differences and the key strategies for succeeding with live when the stakes are high in this conversation with padem media group's allan mclennan at streaming media connect.
            


                    20 jan 2025




            streaming media columns
            
                
more








editor's note


in defense of (click to) cancel culture

                for all its promise, and despite officially going into effect in mid-january, the fededral trade commission's click to cancel rule for streamlining streaming and other cancellations remains largely in limbo, due in part to its all-deliberate-speed effective compliance date of may 14 and also because of legal and political challenges from the chamber of commerce and others. 
            


                    03 feb 2025







the producer's view


the blurring of shared experiences via streaming

                the shared experience of enjoying a program that's happening at (or very near) the same time as reality is gone. youtube, facebook, et al. are typically 20 or more seconds behind when the event happened. streaming services and apps can have their own pathways and delays. add more viewers or more processing, and it can get longer.
            


                    24 jan 2025







the video doctor


designing streaming experiences for seniors

                as i celebrate my one-year anniversary of relocating to my hometown of st. louis to care for my 84-year-old mother, i'm looking at 2025 as a year of improved ui and ux for seniors, particularly those with memory issues.
            


                    21 jan 2025







future in focus


why ads are good for streaming

                the streaming business model must change. services that rely solely on subscriptions are going to plateau. they will have to continually return to their subscriber base and "milk" them for additional revenue via fee hikes. but by taking the plunge and embracing advertising as the primary part of creating and supporting quality television, streaming services will meet the ultimate need of their viewers: getting to see the content they want.
            


                    21 jan 2025







what is ...




what is hevc (h.265)?

what is vp9?

what is a content delivery network (cdn)?

what is cellular bonding?




online video industry announcements



agile content is now agiletv

sky link tv launches new streaming platform with bitcentral’s viewnexa®

tag video systems and witbe partner to deliver true end-to-end video monitoring for a flawless viewer experience










            streaming media research
        






revenue opportunities for weather-related streaming

                sponsored by: the weather company
            


                    24 jan 2025







current trends in ultra-low latency interactive live streaming

                sponsored by: amd
            


                    10 dec 2024







live-streaming technology trends 2024

                sponsored by: softvelum
            


                    18 sep 2024







media and broadcast file-transfer workflow challenges

sponsored by: signiant
            


                    09 jun 2022







                    popular articles
                



h.267: a codec for (one possible) future

fox sports breaks down superbowl lix coverage from new orleans 'by the numbers'

sneak preview: fast forward - how fast platform and infrastructure providers can better serve the market

why your desire for free tv could cost you

the ctv honeymoon isn’t over: a path to renewed growth




streaming media producer




adobe and editors' content: what's mine is mine, and i mean it

the lure of new gear

smnyc 2024: grabyo's clare butler talks cloud streaming services and pricing models

producing niche online video content: a guide to authenticity and connection

crafting compelling brand narratives: harnessing events and trends in online video content





                    streaming media europe




sneak preview: fast forward - how fast platform and infrastructure providers can better serve the market

sneak preview: os wars - the new ctv playing field

ise2025: use genai to unlock ‘unknown unknowns’ to innovate not iterate

h.267: a codec for (one possible) future

ise 2025: broadcast av fuels pro av bonanza








 
streamingmedia.com is the premier online destination for professionals seeking industry news, information, articles, directories and services.
all content copyright © 2009 - 2025information today inc. 







streaming media magazine143 old marlton pikemedford, nj 08055(609) 654-6266
privacy/cookies policy


resources

home
sm magazine
sm digital editions (pdf download)
conference videos
video tutorials
streaming media xtra
streaming media topic centers
streaming media industry verticals
streaming media guides
readers choice
sourcebook
online video news
spotlights
about streamingmedia.com
contact us



other iti sites

database trends and applications
destinationcrm
enterprise ai world
faulkner information services
infotoday.com
infotoday europe
kmworld
online searcher
smart customer service
speech technology
streaming media europe
streaming media producer
unisphere research


     










