

(ig): a guide to internet access























(ig): a guide to internet access


 introduction


the internet is a loosely-organised collaboration of computer networks that 
    voluntarily communicate and interconnect via open procedures and protocols 
    defined by internet standards. the internet protocol suite (tcp/ip) consists 
    of the core communications protocols that are used by these computer networks 
    to interconnect and become interconnected networks. during the 
    development of tcp/ip (1974), carl sunshine, vinton cerf and yogen dalal coined 
    the term 'internet' in rfc 675. the most important protocol of the internet 
    protocol suite is the internet protocol (ip): it creates a datagram format 
    and numbering (address) system that enables packet-switching networks to interconnect. 
    no single individual is credited with inventing the internet, but a small 
    group of individuals, named the 'internet pioneers', are credited with designing 
    the core technical architecture of the internet in the 1970s and 1980s. while 
    there have been other terms used to describe the internet -- cyberspace and 
    the information superhighway -- the internet is the name that has stuck. some 
    of the most important organizations that manage the development and use of 
    the internet are the internet society (isoc), internet architecture board 
    (iab), internet engineering steering group (iesg), internet engineering task 
    force (ietf), internet research steering group (irsg) and internet research 
    task force (irtf).



early history


the early history of the internet is mostly located in the united states 
    of america: this is because the backbone computer networks that evolved into 
    the internet, and the open procedures and protocols developed for these networks, 
    were located and funded by either: departments of the federal government of 
    the united states; independent agencies of the united states federal government; 
    or american nonprofit advocacy organizations.
arpanet (advanced research projects agency network) was one of the first 
    'wide area' computer networks and was one of the first computer networks to 
    feature packet switching. packet switching underpins how the internet works 
    and arpanet is viewed as a forerunner to the internet. arpanet allowed the 
    u.s. military, research laboratories and universities to connect, communicate 
    and exchange data. the first successful message sent on arpanet was "login" 
    and it was transmitted by charles s. kline at 10:30pm on the 29th of october 
    1969. when arpanet was launched it consisted of four nodes, with each node 
    featuring an interface message processor (imp). the four nodes were located 
    at: university of california, los angeles (ucla) - (sds sigma 7 computer) 
    (sign extend software); stanford research institute (sri) - (sds 940 computer) 
    (nls software); university of california, santa barbara (ucsb) - (ibm 360/75 
    computer) (os/mvt software); and the university of utah - (dec pdp-10 computer) 
    (tenex software). the first authority created for arpanet was the network 
    information center (nic) and it was created to manage the assignment of hostnames. 
    by 1973 arpanet contained over 25 nodes in north america and had its first 
    international nodes in norway and england. arpanet was slowly decommissioned 
    from 1985 to 1989: due to the creation of nsfnet and the federal internet 
    exchange (fix).
due to the mansfield amendment of 1973, the department of defense was directed 
    to no longer fund the development of science projects. arpanet was split into 
    a military and a research network, and the research network of arpanet was 
    slowly phased out from 1975 onwards. due to the need for a wide area computer 
    network for scientific research a new wide area computer network was funded 
    by the national science foundation (nsf) in the mid-1980s. the network they 
    created was nsfnet 'national science foundation network'. the original nsfnet 
    backbone consisted of six supercomputer locations, located at u.s. universities 
    and research institutions, and used the tcp/ip protocol suite to connect and 
    transport data across the network. the location of the original six supercomputers 
    are as follows: princeton university (john von neumann center); university 
    of california, san diego (supercomputer center); university of illinois 
    (national center for supercomputing applications); cornell university 
    (cornell theory center); university of pittsburgh (pittsburgh supercomputing 
    center (psc)) and national center for atmospheric research (ncar). 
    by 1987-1991 the nsfnet backbone was connected to a variety of regional and 
    federal computer networks. to name but a few: barrnet (bay area regional research 
    network), esnet (energy sciences network), michnet (michigan network), midnet 
    (midwest network), milnet (military network), nsn (nasa science network), 
    northwestnet (north west network), nysernet (new york state education and 
    research network), sesquinet (sesquicentennial network), suranet (south eastern 
    universities research association network) and westnet (west state network). 
    due to the success and popularity of nsfnet (originally developed for non-commerical 
    use) there began to be issues over commercial access to it, which eventually 
    led to the u.s. government deciding that the internet backbone network should 
    evolve to consisting of autonomous commercial computer networks. in the early 
    1990s network access points (naps) were created to replace the nsfnet backbone. 
    naps exchanged data between commercial backbone networks. the four original 
    naps were: ameritech, mfs datanet, sprint, and pacific bell. network access 
    points were a strategic 'steppingstone' and were eventually replaced by internet 
    exchange points. nsfnet was decommissioned on the 30th of april 1995 and ushered 
    in the internet era of commercial networks.



internet era


the networks that formed the early internet were as follows: tier one: typically, 
    long-distance international telecom companies who are viewed as 'backbone' 
    networks; tier two: typically, large regional internet service providers; 
    and tier three: small isps who pay for upstream transit from tier two networks. 
    tier one, two and three networks create 'interconnect agreements' with one 
    another: these agreements decide how data is transferred and routed on the 
    internet. there are two types of interconnect agreement: 1) transit agreement: 
    data transfer is charged; 2) peering agreement: data transfer is free. tier 
    one networks tend to be telecom companies who own national and international 
    fiber optic trunk lines. the data routes of the internet are like the thoroughfares 
    of a country: motorways are the primary route that cars travel upon, and likewise, 
    tier one networks are the primary route that data travels upon the internet. 
    tier one networks typically connect to the entirety of the internet via peering 
    agreements and do not pay for their access. some recognised tier one networks 
    are at&t, verizon, and sprint. tier two networks are networks that must 
    pay for upstream transit of data (access to tier one networks). tier two networks 
    also use internet exchange points (ixp) to reduce their upstream transit costs 
    and faults, and to improve latency and bandwidth. some examples of tier two 
    networks are: bt, deutsche telekom and france telecom. finally, we have tier 
    three networks: these networks pay for upstream data transit from tier two 
    networks. tier three networks can be standalone single-homed networks or can 
    be multihomed networks. multihoming is where a tier three network purchases 
    upstream access from multiple tier two networks: this helps to improve the 
    reliability of their service in the scenario of a (spof) single point of failure. 
    internet service providers and internet exchange points (ixp) typically place 
    their most important network equipment at colocation centre's: these are facilities 
    that are secure and provide protection against a multitude of natural and 
    man-made threats. in the uk, telehouse (london) and telecity (manchester), 
    are two of the most important colocation centre's in the uk. 



development of the uk's internet access


the first uk node to connect to arpanet was ucl (university college of london) 
    at a speed of 9.6 kbps. by 1975 the ucl link was being used by several ministry 
    of defense (uk) installations and it was also used to test the development 
    of tcp/ip in the mid-1970s. the testing involved sending data packets via 
    radio from a car traveling across the golden gate bridge in san francisco 
    to a terminal at the royal radar establishment in malvern. ucl scholars, paal 
    spilling and peter kirstein, played an important role in the development of 
    tcp/ip and kirstein is sometimes referred to as a 'founding father of the 
    european internet'. in 1988 members of the cern networking group were present 
    at a meeting of the coordinating committee for intercontinental research network 
    (ccirn). vint cerf encouraged these europeans to create an organisation that 
    would be responsible for allocating internet ip blocks in europe. the result 
    was the creation of ripe (réseaux ip européens). by the late 
    1980s more and more european networks, such as the european network (eunet), 
    began to switch from x.25 protocol to tpc/ip. by 1991 tcp/ip became the dominant 
    networking model when the ebone (standing for european backbone) consortium 
    was established to transition european networks from osi to ip. during this 
    era telehouse europe was founded and opened the telehouse docklands datacentre 
    in london. telehouse docklands became the primary hub for the internet in 
    the united kingdom. telehouse europe has expanded across london and europe 
    and has described itself as a "backbone for the global internet network". 
    the following internet exchange points (ixp) have operated out of telehouse 
    docklands: linx, napafrica, decix, france-ix, packet exchange, jp-ix, lipex, 
    nyiix, laiix and lonap. some of these ixp's have provided provide services 
    for dns root nameservers, such as for the k.root-servers.net.
the commercial organisations that sell access to the internet in the uk are 
    commonly referred to as internet service providers. customers who purchase 
    access from isps are referred to as subscribers. before 1988 the internet 
    was funded publicly and restricted commercial access. therefore, most uk internet 
    service providers were founded in the early 1990s. the first uk isp is usually 
    claimed to be @theworld, who sold access in 1989. some other early isps include: 
    compuserve, earthlink, aol, psinet and uunet, but these were headquartered 
    in the united states of america. the first uk based isps were: pipex (1990), 
    demon internet (1992), exnet (1992), pavilion (1993), zetnet (1994), easynet 
    (1994), and flexnet (1995). these isps only offered dial-up access but were 
    crucial in developing the current infrastructure of the uk's internet. pipex 
    was involved in helping to develop the london internet exchange (linx), operated 
    one of the first transatlantic leased lines (64k), was one of the first commercial 
    isps to connect to janet (an important research ip network in the uk), and 
    hosted the early bbc online services. the first uk isp to come to national 
    prominence was freeserve (1998): founded by dixons group plc it was promoted 
    on television, print media and dixons electrical stores. freeserve were the 
    first uk isp to offer internet access without a monthly subscription fee. 
    in the 1990s there was a wide selection of isps, but the service quality provided 
    by them varied wildly, some quickly 'folded' and left subscribers stranded 
    without access. by the noughties, smaller isps were being purchased by larger 
    telecoms companies. for example, pipex were purchased by tiscali in 2007 and 
    tiscali were purchased by carphone warehouse in 2009. this evolution of smaller 
    isps being 'eaten up' by competitors has resulted in there only being a handful 
    of big isps. while smaller isps still exist, as do niche isps (satellite and 
    radio), most isp subscribers (roughly 20 million subscribers) are customers 
    of the four big uk isps: bt (plusnet, ee), sky broadband, virgin media and 
    talktalk. many isps do not own their own network infrastructure, but instead 
    rent access from other operators. most isps sell access on a monthly or annual 
    contract and provide a limited or unlimited download limit (but contain a 
    fair usage policy). 
an alphabetical list of uk isps, valid as of 2019, included: ai networks, 
    air broadband, airband community internet, airfibre, alncom, andrews & arnold, 
    aquiss, ask4, b4rn, b4b networks, badenoch broadband, beacon broadband, beeline 
    broadband, big blue rocket, bitstreme, bigblu, bluewave, box broadband, breathe 
    internet, bridge fibre limited, broadband wherever, bt, call27, cambridge 
    fibre networks, cerberus networks, cix, cloudscape connect, community fibre 
    limited, conxdigital, corespeed, country connect, county broadband, cyber 
    ware, derbyshire broadband, direct save telecom, distant voice, ee, elite 
    limited, entanet, exa networks, exascale, fastnet international, fibrecast, 
    fibrenest, fluidone, freedomsat, freeola, full fibre, g.network communications, 
    gamma, gigaclear, glide, gradwell, grain, green isp, greennet, herefordshire 
    community network, hyperoptic, idaq networks, idnet, i need broadband, jibba 
    jabba, kcom, leetline, lingen community broadband, luminet, m12 solutions, 
    m247, merula, netservers, notspot, novatech connect, now broadband, oakford 
    internet services, onebill telecom, onestream, optanet, optify, orbital net, 
    origin broadband, pine media, post office, plusnet, pulse8broadband, purebroadband, 
    scotnet, sse, seethelight, shell energy broadband, shetland telecom, sky, 
    spectrum internet, speednet scotland, spitfire, supanet, surrey hills internet, 
    sw internet, talktalk, the phone coop, toople, trooli, uk broadband, unchained 
    isp, uno, village networks, vispa, virgin media, vodafone uk, wave internet, 
    wessex internet, wifinity, wightfibre, wispire, xln telecom, york data services, 
    and zen internet.



 access technologies


the following access technologies have been provided or are available.
 wireless
      - satellite: vsat, tdma, scpc
      - mobile (mobile / cellular networks): 2g, 3g, 4g, 5g
      - wimax (fixed wireless): ieee 802.16 (802.16/d)
      - wifi (fixed wireless): ieee 802.11 (802.11a, 802.11b, 802.11g, 
      802.11n, 802.11ac, 802.11ac-2013, 802.11ad)
 wired (broadband)
      - dsl (digital subscriber line):  (adsl , sdsl)
      - cable (cable television infrastructure etc): docsis
      - fiber optic: fttc (fibre to the cabinet), fttp ( fiber to the 
      premises), fttb (fiber to the building), ftth (fiber to the home)
      - leased line (private data line): t-1 (t1) and e-1 (e1)
      - broadband over power line (bpl): poe, pdsl, pln 
 wired (narrowband)
      - dial-up: v.22, v.27, v.32, v.34, v.90, v.92
      - integrated services digital network (isdn)
since the advent of the first commercial isps in the early 1990s a wide variety 
    of technologies have been used to facilitate access to their networks. from 
    1990-1998 most internet users connected to isps using wired narrowband technologies, 
    sometimes referred to as a 'fixed internet service'. the most popular wired 
    narrowband access technology was dialup: restricted to a download speed of 
    40-56 kbit/s, the dialup technology established an internet connection by 
    dialing a telephone number on the public switched telephone network (pstn) 
    and could not be used at the same time as the telephone. another early wired 
    narrowband access technology was the integrated services digital network (isdn): 
    isdn was expensive and only marginally faster than dialup (64 kbit/s or 128 
    kbit/s), it was mostly used by medium-large business subscribers.
from 2000-2004 dsl broadband -- and to a lesser extent cable broadband -- 
    slowly replaced narrowband technologies (dialup and isdn) as the dominant 
    access technology. broadly speaking, broadband is a technology that is defined 
    as supporting multiple signals, so that the telephone service can be used 
    at the same time as the internet connection. described as always 'on' it provided 
    a download speed that was at least ten times faster than dialup. broadband 
    is not a clearly defined term and the criteria that define a broadband internet 
    connection have changed. from 2000-2017 the most popular broadband access 
    technology has been the digital subscriber line (dsl) service which includes 
    the following dsl technologies: vdsl, isdn, sdsl, hdsl and adsl. dsl's weakness 
    and strength are its reliance upon the standard copper line telephone network: 
    that provides excellent accessibility but has a limited data capacity. the 
    quality and speed of dsl is measured by signal to noise ratio (snr), sync 
    speed and line attenuation. 
due to its drawbacks -- data capacity and line quality over distance -- the 
    dsl technology has slowly been replaced by fiber optic access technologies: 
    fiber optic provides a faster speed and improved reliability when compared 
    to any fixed wired technology. the fiber optic access technology is a glass/plastic 
    cable that is superior to copper cable in a number of ways: it's more reliable; 
    the cable has a longer lifespan; it carries more data; higher speed at a long 
    distance (8km+); it does not corrode; electromagnetic interference does not 
    occur; and it is resistant to crosstalk. most developed countries have partially 
    implemented a 'superfast' fiber optic infrastructure and most urban areas 
    in the uk have access to a fiber optic network. how fiber optic networks are 
    implemented varies: rarely are they "full fibre" and they're typically 
    a hybrid mix of aluminum/copper/fibre systems. in 2012 the uk government formed 
    an organisation called broadband delivery uk (bduk) whose ambition was two-fold: 
    1) provide superfast broadband to 90% of homes in the uk; 2) universal access 
    to standard broadband (download speed of 2mbps).
while fiber optic is currently (2020) the pinnacle of fixed internet services, 
    the advent of smartphones has resulted in mobile/wireless broadband technologies 
    'eating up' a greater share of the internet service market. while smartphones 
    are not capable of accessing every service available on the internet, their 
    processing power is increasing and for many subscribers the smartphone has 
    replaced the computer as the primary device to access the internet. early 
    mobile/cellular telecommunications technologies (2g: gsm and cdpd) were restricted 
    to a slow download speed of between 56kbits to 115 kbits, but the speed of 
    current mobile access technologies (3g/4g/5g: umts, hspa, hspa+, imt-2020) 
    has increased massively: with download speeds of up to 100 mbits. mobile broadband 
    is not the only type of wireless internet access, the other type is referred 
    to as fixed wireless access (fwa) and the companies who provide a fwa service 
    are called: wireless internet service provider (wisp). fwa services use a 
    frequency on the radio spectrum to provide internet access and have been implemented 
    in rural areas that are not covered by fixed broadband internet services. 
    fwa technologies can be either: 1) wide area (4g and wimax); 2) short area 
    (hotspot) (wifi). wisps can use security technologies like wep to ensure that 
    only authorised persons can access their network.



terms 
    and conditions - contact us - privacy policy
  copyright © 2002-2024 (ig) internet-guide.co.uk




