






++ time-sert official threaded inserts for stripped threads, blown out sparkplugs, 







































 


latest news 







 


remington military defense new hand guard uses time-sert inserts to strengthen threads. 
          time-sert thread repair kits. 

 read more
 
 
            ford spark plug blow-out?
  thread repair kit part number 5553 ford triton spark plug kit will repair blown out spark plug's in ford heads. 

 read more
time-sert® gm approved!

extensive testing in gm plants have shown that solid bushing inserts are superior to coil wound inserts!the best thread repair kits 
         read more
time-sert® toyota approved!

          toyota head bolt kit p/n 2200 thread repair kit m11x1.5 approved by toyota and scion for stripped cylinder head bolt threads in block. time-sert® thread repair kits available.
  read more




 












 





welcome to timesert.com screw thread inserts, spark plug thread repair, oil pan thread repair 


high quality professional thread repair system
screw thread inserts american & metric sizes
 designed by americans   
         made by americans 
time-sert® is a thread renewal system
       repair stripped  or damaged threads
also used in new application design
        






time-sert® is a solid bushing insert. this guarantees easy installation and allows for full load use of tapped hole, ensuring protection against stress and vibration.

 product demonstration


            time-sert t-shirts
 
 




 
 



time-sert® is thin walled due to synchronized internal external threads. thin cross sectional area allows for installation in areas of limited space and clearance material.


 




time-sert® positive placement. having a flange on the top of the insert will insure that the insert will have positive placement and cannot wind down into the newly repaired hole.


 
 



time-sert® is self locking. on installation the bottom internal threads of the insert are cold rolled to expand the mating external threads into the base material locking the insert in place. locking mechanism is at the bottom of insert. 

time-sert® thread repair system the ultimate way 
        to 
        repair threads in stripped or damaged holes. 
time-sert® threaded inserts are approved by leading automotive manufactures. easily repair stripped threads in cylinder head bolt stripped threads, spark plug thread repair as well as oil drain pan. many thread repair kits are available for your threaded bushing application in metric and american sizes. time-sert the very best in thread repair kits!
perfection thread repair system, professional thread repair.


 
toll free  800 423-4070 or  775 829-1026 
          monday-friday 6:00am-4:00pm pst

 

 










home

•
spark plug 
•
kits & inserts 
•
useful tools  
•
information






 
time-sert ® is a registered trademark 1999 - 2020 . no duplication is permitted john 3:16 x
time-sert ® thread repair kits and screw thread inserts for stripped threads damaged threads.
 





