































    gaughenlane | real estate, estate planning and litigation attorneys
  















              english
en







      

 




call us: (781) 335-0374







     




  
 home


 
 attorneys


 
 kevin w. gaughen (1954 - 2019)


 
 robert a. lane


 
 julio r. hernando


 
 kevin w. gaughen, jr.


 
 michael w. gaughen



 
 contact


 
 practice areas


 
 real estate


 
 litigation


 
 personal injury


 
 divorce & family law


 
 criminal law



 
 estate planning & administration



 
 about us








       
 





       



    




    the law firm of gaughen, gaughen, lane & hernando, llp has been providing services to their clients since 1945.  our clients rely upon the firm’s attorneys to assist them with their most complex needs in the financial world.  our attorneys have represented a myriad of lenders in various types of transactions, including complex cash flow and asset-based lending to heavily contested restructurings, bankruptcies and residential transactions. the firm represents both commercial and residential investors during the acquisition and refinance of their real estate investments. for five years, gglh has ranked as a top five agent for commonwealth land title, boston in the commercial/residential areas.
 additionally, the firm represents both commercial and residential investors during the acquisition and refinance of their real estate investments.  the firm’s attorneys practice in areas that complement the client’s and their family’s needs such as estate planning, estate administration, probate law and litigation.  the confluence of the various practice areas allows the firm to understand and assist clients and their families with the particular opportunities and challenges that they may face.  

  wire fraud alert: with wire fraud on the increase this firm finds it prudent to inform visitors to this website that you must confirm any written wire request from this office by telephone before you initiate any transfer. you should also know that
this firm's accounts are held at the hingham institution for savings and that
this firm will only ask you to wire funds to that bank and
never ask you to wire funds to another bank.
 



   528 broad st.                                  weymouth, ma 02189phone 781-335-0374fax 781-340-6315





     free 30-60 minute consultation.





   







        

click for directions



  contact form
   name:

 email:

 phone:

 message:





thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later


 please do not include any confidential or sensitive information in this form. this form sends information by non-encrypted e-mail which is not secure.advertising. in accordance with rules established by the supreme judicial court of massachusetts. this web site must be labeled "advertising." it is designed to provide general information for clients and friends of the firm and should not be construed as legal advice, or legal opinion on any specific facts or circumstances. this web site is designed for general information only. the information presented at this site should not be construed to be formal legal advice nor the formation of a lawyer/client relationship.  



   


















































































































  
  share by:








