




nature at hand - nature education for southern california





 














    plants of the san gabriel mountains cd
  



    common plants of eaton canyon cd
  






plant of the month




activities




in the press




photo galleries




native garden




nature essays






nature links




site map
















    plant of the month for february, 2025
  

    each month, we feature a plant of the san gabriel mountains.  the plant-of-the-month page is taken from the interactive cd-rom,
    
    plants of the san gabriel mountains: foothills and canyons v2.0.
	
    the app is now available online for free at 
 www.natureathand.com/sgmplants



this dramatic annual is normally seen in the san gabriel mountains only after a fire. they can be expected, in abundance, in the burn area this spring. 
  

click here to find out more...


plant of the month archive










 



 










    plants of the san gabriel mountains:
    
    foothills and canyons
    
    version 2.0
  

available now online for free at 
 www.natureathand.com/sgmplants

    this interpretive guide has all of the great features of the first ever field guide on cd "common plants of eaton canyon and the san gabriel foothills":   
    
multiple photos per plant
      common and botanical names
      plant and family descriptions
      quiz 
      search
    

plus:

twice as many plants (258 plants in 69 families),
    over 1800 beautiful photographs,
    natural history information,
    gardening with native plants,
    bird and butterfly information,
    illustrated one-click glossary,
    spoken botanical names,
    maps of plant distribution within california,
    expanded search capability, including leaf and flower characteristics,
    and more.
  

now with updated botanical and family names.

available now online for free at 
 www.natureathand.com/sgmplants

 click here for details. 


 



 



 













        nature essays
      

        here are some essays by gabi on subjects of nature and gardening with native plants.  
        these essays have been published in newsletters of the california native plant society, 
        as well as the eaton canyon nature center.
      










 



keywords: gabi mclean, cliff mclean, gabriele mclean, clifford mclean, nature at hand, gabi horn, gabriele horn, 
plants of the san gabriel mountains: foothills and canyons, plants of the san gabriel foothills, interpretive guide on cd, 
common plants of eaton canyon and the san gabriel foothills: field guide on cd, plants of the san gabriels, california native plants, 
pasadena, los angeles, los angeles county, san gabriel valley, southern california, altadena, covina, 
natural, nature photography, photograph, environmental education, naturalist, docent, hike, hiking, cd-rom, california native garden, gardening, flowers, wildflowers, 
birds, butterflies, fire, adaptation, botany basics, angeles national forest,
california native plant society, cnps, eaton canyon nature center associates, ecnca, iphone, ipad, ipod touch, sgmplants

 

