 




travel search










travel search


 search
counties
operators
places
 help
 contact









close ï¿½
search
counties
operators
places
help
contact




note: this site uses cookies; for more information, including how to disable cookies, click here.

	
this site offers bus/coach/rail service information for the united kingdom and ireland.
search by place name, postcode, service number or operator.
the details shown may be out of date.
please check before using any of this information.




places
search for public transport information for a city, town or village
enter the name, or part of the name, then click 'find place'.








operators
find a bus, express coach or train operator.
enter the company's name, or part of the name, then click 'find operator'.








hospitals
search for bus/coach/rail services to uk hospitals.



airports
search for bus/coach/rail services to uk airports.










    public transport details for england, scotland, wales, northern ireland and the irish republic.
includes buses, trains and express coaches with timetable links and online booking links.
click here for a more comprehensive search function, including services between places, service numbers, postcodes and welsh language placenames. also for details of how to refine your search if you are not getting the expected result.






the place name search above includes major airports, hospitals and tourist attractions. 
for transport information on a regional basis click here.
          as changes occur daily all information on this site should be checked before it is used.








special thanks to trevor smith for correcting a huge proportion of the information on the site.make sure you read the important points.the information on this site is designed to act as a guide, with links to other sites for more specific information. it will require further confirmation before being used for travel. your use of information from this site is entirely at your own risk. all trademarks acknowledged
  


if you're struggling with money at the moment and need a helping hand until payday, you should consider wagedayadvance. they offer quick and easy online loans for any purpose and you could borrow  up to â£5,000 with an instant, on screen decision. check them out!

  
this site covers information about public transport services in england, scotland, wales, northern ireland and the republic of ireland and allows it to be viewed in ways that are not possible elsewhere. it only provides guidelines about the facilities available and provides links to other sites that provide more specific information about current services, timetables and booking facilities.central locations in big cities are grouped together wherever possible to give a general guide to transport, the effect of this will sometimes be that train, bus and coach services will be shown grouped together whereas the actual rail, bus and coach stations may be some distance apart.the site will always be out of date so, if you can correct or expand any of the details, please get in touch.



site map        to the top
advanced search for bus/coach services, by city, town, village, road, postcode or bus number
transport details for all counties in england/scotland/wales
alphabetical listing of bus and coach operators
place names with details of transport facilities              
postcodes with details of transport facilities
expanded description of the site              
useful links and more details



