

 










the jana caudill team | realtor crown point | real estate northwest indiana














































































 

























×


  

meet the team
sell your home
buy a home
nwi listings
sw florida listings
in the press
affordability calculator
home sale calculator
mortgage calculator
reviews
areas
local events
give where you live
blog
careers
contact us





×




  



meet the team
buy a home
sell your home
listings
in the press
contact
 

 search 



search for:



 



menu







≡menu

 search 




search for:



 







menu
blog
faqs
call





work with nw indiana’s #1 real estate team
with $1 billion sold, hire the team with more!
find your home’s value in seconds

 




 

ready to find your new home
nw indiana | sw florida






nw indiana




cedar lake
chesterton
crown point
demotte
dyer
griffith
hammond
hebron
highland
hobart
lowell
merrillville
munster
schererville
st. john
valparaiso
winfield







sw florida




naples
fort myers
cape coral
bonita springs
marco island
sanibel





 






let’s work together
to take the stress out
of your next home sale

with $1 billion sold,
hire the team
with more!





barbara
corcoran
shark on abc’s “shark tank”,
founder of the corcoran group
“i trust &
recommend



and so should
you!”





 





why choose the jana caudill team
northwest indiana
the jana caudill team delivers unparalleled service to all of our clients with honest
representation, communication, attention to detail, and results. reaching your goals is our number one priority.




more choices
whether it’s our guaranteed
sale program or our eleven
day cash offer, you can rest
easy knowing your home will be
sold quickly.



more experience
known for excellent customer
service, high standards, and
creative marking prowess to
get your home sold.



more exposure
we are the frontrunner in
online and print marketing,
elevating your home to be
in front of more potential
buyers.



more results
with a reputation of
exceptional negotiation skills,
integrity, professionalism,
and a proven track record
of success.



more involved
coming together to extend
a hand, jana & her team
founded the crown point
neighbors helping
neighbors mission.



more certainty
if we don’t sell your home
in 120 days, we will buy it,
restrictions apply.



 




the jana caudill team
has sold more real estate in nwi than any other realtor!
get to know us
driven by grit & grace, we are the only real estate team in northwest indiana that offers more. from
experience, exposure, results, creative marketing, market knowledge, and an unparalleled network locally
& globally, we are the front-runners in both service and technology. in today’s market, your agent matters.
we lead the pack so you stay ahead of the competition.
over the last 27 years, the jana caudill team has been an industry leader and trendsetter, selling more
residential & commercial real estate across nwi than any other agent or team. we partnered with exp
realty, a cloud-based brokerage model, to bring you a convenient and streamlined communication system
that makes transactions stress-free and hassle-free.
jana & her team live, work, give & serve in all of the communities that make up nwi (19 of them!), plus we
have feet on the ground in southwest florida. serving naples, bonita springs, marco island, fort myers,
sanibel and all surrounding areas, whether buying, selling or renting. or we’re happy to use our years of
service to be your referral source nationwide. with over $1 billion sold, hire the team with more.
meet the team

 




why list your home with
the jana caudill team?
top reasons

previous
next




massive online exposure
our website appears in search results on google over 25,000 times in a month. we also post your listing on multiple websites maintained by our staff, creating a vast online network of buyers at all price points, ensuring we get your property in front of the right audience. our posts appear over 200,000 times on social media monthly.



ultimate professional positioning
an image is worth a thousand words, video marketing multiplies that exposure! video marketing gives buyers a unique presentation of your property. from video walkthroughs, social media presentations and our spin on nwi cribs, we’ve partnered with some of our market’s best videographers to creatively expose your home to more buyers, so you get the best price.



quality beyond the norm
when it comes to listing your property, pictures are an essential piece of the puzzle. giving potential buyers an in-depth look at your home brings it to life. our professional photographers will capture your home at its best, and with twilight photography, buyers can see what your home looks like at night with the click of a button.



staging that sells
sell your home faster, at a better price by having the jana caudill team professionally stage your home. staging your home allows potential buyers to envision their life as the owner of your property and it can make a world of difference. on average, staged homes sell 88% faster and for 20% more than nonstaged ones.



luxury experience, proven results
it’s no secret that finding buyers for luxury homes can be more challenging. that’s where the jana caudill team comes in. our affiliation with the institute for luxury home marketing connects us to exclusive resources and benefits they can use to successfully market luxury homes and find qualified buyers for high-end properties.



you’re home “in” their hands
selling your home quickly is all about getting it in front of the right audience. we use geo-targeted “new listing” and “just sold” postcards to showcase homes, as well as market the unique aspects of each listing. we use every channel available to us in order to make the best possible buyer with their dream home.



convenient moves
the moving process doesn’t have to be tedious and stressful. when you buy or sell your house with the jana caudill team, our free moving truck is at your service! we are here to assist you during every phase of the home-buying process. and once a client, always a client – if you need it again, just ask!



bigger reach
the jana caudill team is dedicated to using all of the resources available to us in order to get your home in front of the right buyers. gniar.com meets potential buyers wherever they are by feeding to multiple websites and allowing them to find and view your home anytime and anywhere.



guaranteed sale program*
when you choose the jana caudill team, you can rest assured that you are in the best of hands. our experienced real estate agents know what it will take to sell your specific property and we are dedicated to keeping our clients involved and informed during every step of the process. if we don’t sell your home in 120 days we will buy it.
*restrictions apply


view all

 




our real estate agents can help
you find your perfect home
in various locations



sw florida



cedar lake



chesterton



crown point


view all areas

 



our clients say it best
5 stars on google




carrie and the whole team were great to work with. highly recommend.







-craig c.






we are so grateful for stephen carr!! from the beginning, he made the process of buying a house so enjoyable. he was patient, supportive, and made every showing feel like an adventure. it took some time to find the perfect home, but he never rushed us and always had our best interests at heart. thanks...







-marissa l.






the jana caudill team definitely exceeded our expectations. our agent sheila chandler was the best advocate we could hope for. she was very patient and worked hard to get us a home that fit our needs. she fought to get us the best deal possible. sheila and the rest of the team were always available...







-mike t.






working with jan margiotta was an absolute pleasure. we were looking for something very specific in a highly competitive neighborhood and jan's proactivity got us in the door to see multiple homes that went in the first day. she was thoughtful in her analysis of the market and helped us craft the perfect offer that...







-dan d.






carrie was absolutely amazing to work with she answered all of our questions and got us into our dream house!! couldn’t be more happier!







-hunter jusevitch






they helped my partner and i find the perfect home in munster. we’ve been here since june and are absolutely in love with the home. they listened to all of our needs and wants and i fell in love instantly with the home she showed. it’s a perfect fit.







-sarah rose






as a first time home buyer, the thought of buying a home was overwhelming. as soon as my husband and i started working with the jana caudill team, i felt so much better about the process and went from overwhelmed to excited and confident in finding the right home. i am forever grateful to our...







-sarah litteral






thank you to the jana caudill team, especially carrie nichols for such a wonderful first home buying process! they provided us the best service, answered every question and worked hard for us to make our dream home a reality! we are so grateful and highly recommend them, you will be happy you chose them! it...







-dylan myers






lauren is by far the best! she keeps you at ease in an overwhelming process! the closing department is knowledgeable and has been fast responding. highly recommend the jana caudill team!!







-jennifer alfaro






this team was awesome. experience was incredibly easy and stress free. i am very happy with the results.







-michael batusic





view more
leave a review










community  moving truck
we sell 4u
our truck is also used as a value-added service when you buy 
or sell a northwest indiana home with the jana caudill team. 
this is our way of giving back to the community and saying 
thank you for choosing the jana caudill team for all your
real estate needs.
we also use our moving truck for our charitable “extend a hand” 
arm of crown point neighbors helping neighbors. we use it to 
take donations periodically and help those in need within 
northwest indiana.
once a client, always a client!

more about truck rental



 



your home search starts here…
work with us


"*" indicates required fields


full name*phone*email*

message














 







  


email address
hello@janacaudillteam.com


indiana
503 e. summit
suite 2
crown point, in 46307
(219) 661-1256

 



home
about
buyers
sellers
areas
blog
join us
reviews
charities
contact
 







nuvew | copyright 2025. all rights reserved | terms |  privacy policy  | accessibility notice  | contest terms

fbtwitgoogleinstainyoutube
 

the information on this website is for informational purposes only; it is deemed accurate but not guaranteed. it does not constitute professional advice. testimonials are not a guarantee, warranty or prediction of what your experience with us will be. the information provided herein including, but not limited to, the size or area of lots, structures or living space, such as room dimensions, square footage calculations or acreage is believed to be accurate, but is not warranted or guaranteed and has been provided by third party sources. this listing is subject to errors, omissions, changes and potential non-conforming areas, which may not be insurable or considered a portion of the value of the sales price of the property. all buyers are strongly advised to seek legal counsel in the purchase of real estate. in addition, conduct their own inspections, make every effort to independently verify the information provided herein with respect to any and all matters which affect the use and/or obligation with respect to ownership, prior entering into an agreement for purchase. by providing contact information, users acknowledge and give explicit consent to be contacted via the methods of communication provided, including sms. message and data rates may apply. message frequency may vary. reply stop to opt out.

nuvew | copyright 2025. all rights reserved | terms |  privacy policy  | accessibility notice  | contest terms












step 1 of 2


50%


would you like to see a home?(required)


yes



no








enter the information below to send a message to the jana caudill team.name(required)address of home you would like to see(required)phone(required)
  


















			x			
































please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility











