





hackberry rod & gun – "ya shoulda been here yesterday"





































skip to content












 

homemonday morning updatesign up for monday morning updatesign up for monday morning update – trade showbook your tripfishing informationbook your tripfishing pricesfishing guidesfishing checklistfishing itenerarycorporate ratehunting informationbook your triphunting priceshunting guideshunting checklisthunting itinerarycorporate ratelodging dining & recipesabout uslodging & diningrecipesour guidesdock camsmedia galleriesphoto galleryvideo galleryour tweetscontactinformationfrequently asked questionsforms & checklistsarea links, attractions & points of interestdock shopgift certificateslodging & diningsponsorsdock camspicture & video galleryphoto galleryvideo gallery 






facebooktwitterinstagram 




book now 













loading...










 














homesp networking2024-03-24t18:51:05-05:00 
tanya jinks had her hands full with this big trout she hooked and boated in west cove on the west side of calcasieu lake while fishing with hackberry rod & gun.
from the lousiana sportsman
west cove is where the specks stack up
march 22, 2024  -don shoopman
kirk stansel has seen enough of calcasieu lake since he’s been guiding as a teenager to know the hot spot for speckled trout fishing in april.
the 65-year-old stansel heads to west cove along the western side of calcasieu lake and south of hackberry rod and gun. stansel and his brothers, guy stansel and bobby stansel, are veteran charter boat captains who started guiding as teenagers, leased the operation in 1996, then bought hackberry rod and gun from the late terry shaughnessy in 2004…
click here to read the full article
amazing times at hackberry rod & gun in southwest louisiana!
we are the largest and most respected hunting and fishing lodge on the gulf coast!
book your trip todayoriginally founded in 1975, hackberry rod & gun boasts some of the best light-tackle saltwater fishing and duck hunting on the entire gulf coast. situated in the southwest corner of louisiana, the small town of hackberry has become known as the “speckled trout capital of the world”. famous with sportsmen from all over the united states, calcasieu lake and the food rich fertile marshes, offer an opportunity to experience an unequaled fishing or duck hunting trip of a lifetime.
more about us

check out our latest hunting and fishing photos!
our photo gallerythe best speckled trout fishing in the world!!
fishing
our inland and near-shore saltwater fishing for speckled trout, redfish, and flounder takes place out of lake calcasieu and the gulf of mexico.
learn moreguided duck hunts.
hunting
guided duck hunts (with retrievers) are available. season dates are usually set in mid-august which begins our bookings.
learn more
condominium style
lodging
waterfront view
a wonderful view overlooking calcasieu lake.
view detailsamenities
the amenities you would expect at a world-class hunting and fishing destination.
view detailscomfort
built with the hunter and fisherman in mind.
view details
finest cuisine on the coast
dining service
visit us for some of the finest cuisine on the gulf coast.
discover more
“hackberry rod & gun’s long term success is based on three basic elements…excellent food, outstanding lodging, competent guides, and what many, myself included, consider to be the finest redfish and speckled trout fishing to be found anywhere.”
larry bozka,
coastal conservation association
enjoy & remember great times with us“ya shoulda been here yesterday”book your tripsign-up for our newsletter and view our dock cams






												first name											







												last name											







												email address											











 sign-up and view our dock cam 






“anytime you can find world class water fowling and fishing in the same area, then reach over the side of the boat for all of the oysters you can eat, there is something inherently special about this eden. we won’t even get into the gumbo, etoufee (a-to-fay) or roast duck served at the lodge”
mike holliday, the tribune
“if you like chunking a top water plug and watching blow-ups of big sow trout and redfish, there’s plenty to interest you.”
joe doggett, houston chronicle
latest photos & videos and more from
hackberry rod & gun
our hunting & fishing photo galleries.
videos from hackberry rod & gun
follow our instagram feed for the latest photos.
stay up-to-date with us on twitter.
join us on facebook for our live shows.

our locationthe best fishing and hunting lodge in the world!hackberry rod & gun485 lake breeze drive, hackberry, la 70645directionscall us to scheduleour staff will help you check availability for your dates.call us today!
call 1-888-762-3391 today!call us todaysend us an emailsend us an email with your trip information, questions and details.we're standing by!email info@hackberryrodandgun.com today!send an email



 
 





contact us today 
our location
485 lake breeze rd
hackberry, la

 (337) 762-3391 
 (888) 762-3391 
info@hackberryrodandgun.commonday - friday: 9:00 am -5:00 pm

 

more informationhome
book a trip
contact
monday morning update
frequently asked questions
 

sign-up for monday morning updates





												first name											







												last name											







												email address											











 sign-up 





 

 
 
 





		© copyright 2019 -    |   website by swla tech   |   all rights reserved 	


facebooktwitterinstagram
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

































































































 



go to top




