

conal elliott's home page















































conal elliott 
recent



july 2023
paper: timely computation. appeared at icfp 2023.


september 2022
invitation for collaboration and mentoring.


august 2022
interview (part 2): denotational design.


may 2022
interview (part 1): the lost elegance of computation.


march 2021
paper: symbolic
    and automatic differentiation of languages. appeared at icfp 2021.


august 2020
i am open to employment and collaboration opportunities, including mentoring.
    if you have a project and/or group you think matches my skills and interest, please let me know.


march 2019
paper: generalized convolution and efficient language recognition


march 2018
paper: the simple essence of automatic differentiation


february 2017
paper: compiling to categories


february 2017
paper: generic parallel functional programming


june 2016
joined target as distinguished scientist, working in data sciences and optimization, continuing to explore elegant and principled techniques from math and programming language theory for building fast, correct, and beautiful software, including rethinking parallel programming and machine learning.
  

january 2015
sadly, tabula closed down.
  

october 2011
i'm working at tabula and having a great time. i'm helping with chip specification and working out how to compile haskell to hardware.


may 2009
paper: push-pull functional reactive programming


march 2009
paper: beautiful differentiation


march 2009
paper: denotational design with type class morphisms


january 2008
new technical blog


november 2007
google tech talk: tangible functional programming: a modern marriage of usability and composability


october 2007
the paper functional reactive
    animation, co-authored
    with paul hudak,
    was awarded as the most
    influential paper of icfp '97.


july 2007
 my paper 
tangible functional programming was accepted
  and will appear in icfp
  2007.  paper slightly updated.


april 2007
i've moved from the seattle area to san
    andreas, ca





cv
here is my cv as a pdf (updated december 8, 2023).

software
see my software repositories on github and hackage.

publications (link)


blog (link)

some talks

a galilean revolution for computing: unboundedly scalable reliability and efficiency
can tensor programming be liberated from the fortran data paradigm?
symbolic and automatic differentiation of languages
compiling gracefully
a functional reboot for deep learning
the simple essence of automatic differentiation
compiling to categories
generic functional parallel algorithms: scan and fft
teaching new tricks to old programs
generic fft
functional programming and parallelism
from haskell to hardware via cccs
the essence and origins of functional reactive programming
a more elegant specification for frp, previously part of the essence-and-origins talk
the haskell cast (podcast) interview on frp and denotational design
denotational design: from meanings to programs
elegant memoization
understanding efficient parallel scan
circuit timing analysis, linear maps, and semantic morphisms
folds and unfolds all around us
reimagining matrices
beautiful differentiation
tangible functional programming: a modern marriage of usability and composability



academic background 

ph.d. 1990 from carnegie mellon university. school of computer science. my dissertation was extensions and applications of higher-order unification.
    i also worked on lambda prolog, a higher-order logic programming 
  language. 
  b.a. 1982 from university of california at santa barbara,
    in the college of creative studies, majoring in
    mathematics.
  


compassionate communication
since april of 2003, i have been learning and practicing
nonviolent communication (nvc), also called 
"compassionate communication". nvc is a consciousness and small set of 
inner and outer practices designed to nurture compassion in ourselves and others 
by how we speak and listen. together with my partner holly, i do training, 
mediation, and empathic listening for groups, couples, and individuals. our working partnership is called awakening compassion. 
my interest is in living and sharing the consciousness of nvc, rather than a particular process or model, i.e., the "sacred place" rather than the "raft".  (see this dialog.)  for this reason, i have chosen internal rather than external certification and have seeded two community-open web sites aimed at evolving nvc practice into deeper alignment with nvc consciousness.

emergence of nvc: a life-inspired, self-organizing (power-with) vision for sharing and evolving nvc.  see discussion group.
nvc evolves: a blog-space for explorations in evolving the understanding, living, and teaching of nvc.  see discussion group.




favorite quotations (link)

miscellany




i first saw this spiky ball high up on a rotating post in a used car lot 
    somewhere in florida. here are a bigger version (256x256, 24 bit, 30f/s avi, 866 kb), and a really big version (512x512, 2.15mb). turn
on the auto-repeat property in the avi viewer to keep it running. 




here's a lovely fractal
    i happened upon. 
    click on it for more info. utero universalis

    â© conal elliott 1999





see the web site of fr.
magnus wenninger, osb, containing pictures of many beautiful polyhedra he
has constructed by hand. i had the honor of meeting fr. wenninger during
the mosaic 2000 conference
in seattle. here is a polyhedron
he made while there.


contact information
 
 if my conal-dot-net email breaks, please resend to first.last-at-gmail-dot-com.
 you can also catch me via google hangouts, skype (first_last), or #haskell irc (first).
i am on twitter, facebook, and linkedin.

my last name really, really does end in two "t"s. honest.



