





		
			the baby show | uk’s premier baby & parenting live events
		
	






























































 main




















get tickets 
sign up for e-updates






							our live events
						









                        excel london
                    


7-9 march 2025










                        nec birmingham
                    


09-11 may 2025










                        olympia london
                    


24 - 26 oct 2025









 contact







facebook
instagram
linkedin










                     
                





→ get tickets for excel london 7-9 march 2025















 search
							












get tickets
sign up to e-updates







get tickets













sustainable products on show

see sustainable products








made in britain products on show

see made in britain products








live talks

more information








expert speakers

more information








experts live on stage

more information





home


shows



excel london 07-09 march 2025


nec birmingham 09-11 may 2025


olympia london 24-26 october 2025




products



 buggies, prams & strollers


 car seats & accessories


baby carriers & slings


sustainable products


made in britain


new products


show offers




advice



buying guides



car seat buying guide


pram & buggy buying guide




live talks olympia london 25-27 oct 24


 live talks excel london 1-3 mar 24


live talks nec birmingham 10-12 may 24


baby care 101 with my expert midwife




visit



faqs


contact


speakers


visit excel london 7-9 march 2025


visit nec birmingham 09-11 may 2025


visit olympia london 24-26 october 2025


hear from the baby show




exhibit


news



blog


the baby show loves...













 your browser does not support the video tag. 
   








more information









 the baby show 

                        save on 1000s of baby products at the uk’s top parenting event
                    


next show: excel london 7-9 march 2025
get tickets now






 the baby show 

                        save on 1000s of baby products at the uk’s top parenting event
                    


get tickets for excel london 7-9 march 2025
 













 what is the baby show all about 
 key reasons to visit the baby show 
 visitors have the opportunity to learn from the uk's leading parenting and baby experts on everything from preparing for birth, weaning, breastfeeding, sleep, and first aid. additionally, you can test out the very latest baby products at the best prices, and much more. 

















expert information, advice and support 
the baby shows with lidl gb are home to the uk's leading baby and parenting experts, on hand to share their invaluable knowledge and advice.
watch talks on the live talks stage from a huge range of experts on topics such as birth, sleep, first aid, feeding and more.
see advice available











try, compare and buy from a huge selection of products at the best prices
your one-stop shop to compare, try and buy from the uk's largest selection of newborn, parent, and baby products all under one roof. exhibitors range from small boutiques to leading nursery brands. great deals are available with our exhibitors 'show specials' and experts are on hand to help you to make informed choices.
see products on show











family friendly day out
we understand that your purpose in coming to the baby show is to make life easier, so you can get everything you need in one go!
facilities are provided to make sure your visit is pain-free whether you've got a bump or baby in tow including the feeding cafe and the lidl lupilu baby changing area.
enjoy your visit


































































 excel london 

 7-9 march 2025 






our first show of 2025 at excel london in early spring 07-09 march 2025.


book tickets













 nec birmingham 

 09-11 may 2025 






the baby show is back in birmingham at the nec next spring from 09-11 may 2025.


book tickets













 olympia london 

 24-26 october 2025 






we are back in london at olympia london from 24-26 october 2025.


sign up for updates & offers
























what's on at the baby show?




















 brand highlights 
 brands at the baby show 
 our exhibitors vary from small boutiques to online stores and those not on the high street, as well as all the top well-known brands you would expect. see some of the brands we typically have on show. 














  



  aptamil  



  



 



  



  baby planet  




 



  



  babybjörn  




 



  



  bibbilyboo  



  



 



  



  bugaboo  




 



  



  daisy first aid  



  
  



 



  



  foldimats  



  



 



  



  icandy  



  
  



 



  



  inglesina uk  



  
  



 



  



  jack n’ jill  



  



 



  



  joie  



  
  



 



  



  joolz  



  
  



 




1
2
3





























 support & community 
 we are here to support  you for the journey  
 supporting your journey with helpful information from our exhibitors, speakers and the baby show team. 














loading






  



 annabel’s tasty ways to say i love you – valentine’s day special 



 read more 






 









     twitter  
     facebook  
     linkedin  
     email  






 



  



 ways new mums can help improve their mental health 



 read more 






 









     twitter  
     facebook  
     linkedin  
     email  






 



  



 project baby buying guide | olympia london , october 25-27 october 



 read more 






 









     twitter  
     facebook  
     linkedin  
     email  






 



  



 my expert midwife’s top tips for visiting the baby show with lidl gb at olympia london 



 read more 






 









     twitter  
     facebook  
     linkedin  
     email  






 






1
2
3
4
5
6
...
30










 
view all blog posts 




















 got a question? 
  frequently asked questions 






 general questions 


 
q. when are the next baby shows?
a. there are four events a year. the next events are:

 excel london 7-9 march 2025 
 nec birmingham 09-11 may 2025 
 olympia london 24-26 october 2025 


 
q. what are the opening times of the baby show 2024?
a. opening times for the next show at excel london show are as follows:

 09:30 am - 5:00 pm friday  
 09:30 am - 5:30 pm saturday 
 09:30 am - 5:00 pm sunday 

 

 
q. why attend a baby show?
a. there are two main reasons for attending the baby show

 products - a convenient and easy one-stop-shop for all the parent, newborn, and baby products that you could need. this includes expert product advice, plus the ability to handle and compare products, so you can choose the right ones to suit your family and budget. 
 advice - it's daunting being a new parent, so we have numerous sources of advice and information on hand at our shows, from live stage talks to product demonstrations from brands directly. 

 

 
q. wouldn't it be easier to just buy the products i need online?
a. whilst there are many products that are easy to understand and can be purchased online, there are many that are not!
take a pram for instance, do you know which one is easiest for you to use, will fit in your car, and has the storage you need? or a baby carrier, do you know which one is most comfortable for you and most suited to your lifestyle? there is nothing better than physically trying out, touching and looking at products before you buy.
there are many baby products that are best seen in person to find the one that suits you!
 

 
q. are products at the baby show more expensive than online?
a. our exhibitors are keen to sell products at the shows and are aware this may not happen if their products are more expensive than online.
you will typically find that many of the exhibitors have special show discounts, so offering great value compared to online. many of the large buggy, car seat and furniture brands offer best prices guaranteed. many will deliver bulky items straight to your home too.
 

 
q. can children attend the shows?
a. yes, we welcome all the family to our events and children 0-14 years can attend for free:

 they will still require a ticket for entry. 
 if you have forgotten to book a child's ticket, these can be obtained upon arrival. 

 

 
q. how can i contact the event organisers?
a. contact details below:

 email enquiries@thebabyshow.co.uk 
 visit our contact us page  

 























 ticket & booking queries 


 
q. when can i buy tickets and how much are they?
a. tickets are currently available and their prices can be found by clicking on the links below:

 excel london 7-9 march 25  - book tickets today  
 nec birmingham 09-11 may 25 - book tickets  
 olympia london 24-26 october 25 - not currently on sale - sign up for e-updates, special offers & deals 

 

 
q. can i buy tickets on-the-door at the venue?
a. no, however, the online ticket box office will be open on the morning of the event should you decide to wait until then.
please note that we often have 'early bird' offers, and our lowest ticket prices will always be available to subscribers. 

 
q. can i buy tickets over the phone?
a. no, unfortunately, it is no longer possible to purchase tickets over the phone, so please book your tickets online,.

 
q. after booking, can i change my ticket to a different day if i need to?
a. yes, this is possible.
to do this contact our ticketing agent see tickets, for links see our ticket & booking queries faqs on the relevant show page:

excel london
nec birmingham
olympia london


 
q. with an e-ticket purchased online, do i need to bring a printout or show it on my smartphone?
a. we encourage you to show your ticket on your smartphone.
please only bring a printout of our e-ticket if you do not have a smartphone. 
 

 
q. can i get a free ticket for my carer?
a. yes.
if the person you are attending with has a disability that restricts their ability to attend on their own and to the extent where extra support is required, you can purchase a carer ticket. proof of disability is requested at the point of booking in order to obtain this ticket, so please have this available to upload. a carer ticket must be accompanied by a paying visitor.
 

 
q. can i exchange or refund my tickets?
a. tickets are non-refundable and cannot be exchanged, transferred, or resold for commercial gain.
 
 























 visitor accessibility 


 
q. is there easy access for my buggy, pram, or stroller?
a. yes, all our venues are specifically chosen to facilitate easy access, for further details please see your chosen venue:
nec birmingham, olympia london, excel london, 
 

 
q. is there wheelchair access and wheelchair-accessible wcs?
a. yes, our venues are also specifically chosen for very good wheelchair access along with wheelchair-accessible wcs. for further specific details please see your chosen venue: nec birmingham, olympia london and excel london.
 

 
q. can i get assistance during my visit?
a. assistance is available in all our venues from the venue's highly trained staff.
 

 
q. do the live talks stages at the shows have hearing loop facilities?
a. yes, hearing loop facilities are available at all live talk stages at all our venues.
 

 
q. are bsl interpreters provided for the live talks stage?
a. we do aim to provide bsl interpreters, however, check our venues nec birmingham, olympia london and excel londonl prior to attending as this cannot be guaranteed.
 

 
q. what parking facilities are available for blue badge holders?
a. this does vary between our venues, however, blue badge parking is provided at all. please check our venues nec birmingham, olympia london and excel london prior to attending.
 

 
q. can i rent a wheelchair at your venues?
a: wheelchairs are available at all our venues, however, please check our venues nec birmingham, olympia london, and excel london prior to attending.

 
q. are there first aid rooms at the venues?
a. yes, all our venues have suitable first aid rooms.























 exhibit at the baby show 


 
q. what options are there to exhibit at the baby show?
a. we offer a wide range of options from shell scheme stands to bespoke sponsorship packages to help you meet your objectives.
 

 
q. do you offer space-only stands?
a. yes, space-only stands are available with no shell included, the prices typically include a service charge and public liability insurance (removed with proof of cover).
 

 
q. are shell scheme stands available?
a. yes. shell scheme stands are also available, the prices typically include a service charge and public liability insurance (removed with proof of cover).
 

 
q. where can i get more information about exhibiting at the baby show?
a. please see our relevant pages:

 exhibit at excel london 7-9 march 2025 
 exhibit at nec birmingham 09-11 may 2025 
 exhibit at olympia london 24-26 october 2025 
































                        our portfolio
                    



excel london 2025
nec birmingham 2025
olympia london 2025





visitor info

book tickets to excel london
terms and conditions
faqs
contact us





tickets
get tickets now




​​​​​​​









clarion events limited is registered in england and wales, company number 00454826, vat no. gb 843845601 registered office: bedford house, 69-79 fulham high street, london, sw6 3jw, united kingdom.
privacy policy | admission policy |  cookie policy







© 2025 the baby show. all rights reserved







exhibition website by asp













					search
				

search











username *
password *
login











 


