








cancer fighting book cancer fighting therapy book - natural cancer therapies book


















































 










skip to content









natural cancer therapies book

dr. patrick quillin, phd, rd, cns







menu
cancer fighting therapy book
articles
about
contact
 








cancer fighting therapy book 




change the underlying cause of cancer
easy to follow cancer fighting plancreate a healthy microbiomestarve cancer understand genetics and epigeneticsnon toxic & holistic therapiescancer diet recommendationshealthy lifestyle guidelines

 buy on amazon.com



buy barnes and noble



buy on website






 change the underlying cause of cancer~ kill cancer cells naturally ~

non-toxic natural therapies for cancer patients

discover non-toxic natural cancer therapies including detoxification tips, energy alignment, power of the mind, attitude, nutrition and much more.
learn how healing begins in the gut, and what you can do.  
these are the forces that allow your body to find and kill cancer cells naturally.
this book is about re-establishing your body’s awesome capacity to heal itself with non-toxic options.
discover non-toxic natural therapies to encourage apoptosis in cancer cells. 




cancer & genetics

you are not a prisoner of your genes.you may look like your ancestors, but you do not have to die from the same conditions as they did.
your body has the ability to recognize and destroy cancer if …you provide the necessary natural forces, called epigenetics.
lifestyle plays a prominent role in your genetic expression of diseases.
you can have a huge influence in turning on or off the various genes that regulate disease.
 epigenetics shows us how lifestyle can help you beat cancer. 



science-backed alternative cancer therapies

science-backed research to boost immune system during cancer treatment.
the immune system protects the body against illness and infection. it can help to fight cancer. 
learn the key components of health to fight cancer. 
12+ key cancer-fighting vectors are covered in detail in this book.










healing, wholeness, optimism, empowerment and more!~ kill cancer cells  ~


100’s links to studies to help cancer patients discover alternative cancer treatment options.
discover the best nutrients that help shut down the making of blood vessels from a tumor. 
these nutrients shown promise in shutting down angiogenesis from tumors.
incorporate these healthy diet components to help reduce inflammation.
there are many evidence-based methods to fight and kill cancer cells in the body!


patient profiles and inspiration

each chapter finishes with an uplifting patient profile. read about patients who have recovered from poor diagnosis. these patients share their journey, lifestyle and dietary changes that helped with their cancer remission. 






this books helps you to :understand the problemunderstand the solutionhow your body can fight cancerharness your own innate healing forcesunderstand the genetics and epigenetics connectionlearn many low-cost methods to fight cancer:powerful mind techniques attitude adjustmentsimple lifestyle changestoxin avoidancecleanse the bodyenergy alignmenthealthy pleasuresinspiration from geniusesmicrobiome healthdelicious nutrition options7-day meal plan with recipescomprehensive treatment outlinerational cancer treatmentyou can change the underlying cause



using evidence-based guidelines, this book gives you a short and readable road map to augment your doctor’s best care while undergoing cancer treatment.  

dr. patrick quillin, phd,rd,cnsbest selling author cancer nutrition specialist






dr. patrick quillin is an internationally recognized expert in the area of nutrition and cancer. he has 30 years experience as a clinical nutritionist, of which 10 years were spent as the vice president of nutrition for cancer treatment centers of america where he worked with thousands of cancer patients in a hospital setting.
he has earned his bachelor’s, master’s, and doctorate degrees in nutrition and is a registered and licensed dietitian (rd & ld) and certified nutrition specialist (cns) with the american college of nutrition.







buy on amazon.com



buy barnes and noble



buy on website


endorsement from alan gaby, md. one of the world’s foremost authorities on nutritional medicine




“this book is long overdue.  cancer patients need a sense of empowerment while undergoing medical therapy.  dr. quillin’s book provides a practical game plan to help cancer patients unlock their own healing powers.  strongly endorsed.”




testimonials from cancer patients


l.m, georgial.m. was diagnosed in 1994 with late stage breast cancer.  she read and followed the principles in beating cancer with nutrition while using her doctor’s selective tumor de-bulking therapies.  while her prognosis had been poor, l.m. went into complete remission.  l.m. attended a lecture by your author in atlanta in november of 2018 and was delighted with her newfound health.  25 years after her death sentence, l.m. looks and feels fabulous.



ann fonfai was diagnosed with breast cancer in january 1993.  because of extreme multiple chemical sensitivity, i ended up refusing chemotherapy, had no radiation and no hormonal therapy.  the main things i changed, was what i ate, becoming a 100% organic vegan, exercising daily for an hour, and starting on dietary supplements.
i found dr. quillin’s book very early on thankfully.  there was no internet but a book with the exciting and satisfying title of beating cancer with nutrition, meant so much to me.  i even shared the information with other women in my support group who were going through conventional treatments.  some of them were brave enough to add these
ideas to their own protocols and received benefits. i have always been grateful
for the wisdom dr. quillin imparted which made me feel confident in the path i
chose.
my own outcome was completely different than everyone else as i continued to have small tumors (largest was 1.5 cm).  amazingly all but the first were growing slower than normal cells and from the first recurrence onward i was told not to take chemotherapy. 
eventually i met a chinese herbalist who prescribed an herbal protocol for me, which despite his initial request to only do his herbs, i added to my existing program.  mri-proven free of cancer in september 2001.  i share all information about my protocols and evidence-based ideas on getting and staying well during treatment and after via annie appleseed project, the all-volunteer nonprofit i founded.  we also host annual conferences.  26 years after my diagnosis, i am still in remission.


you can unlock your body’s incredible healing capacity with natural treatment options 




 buy amazon.com



buy barnes and noble



buy now on website


includes recipes and dietary suggestions for cancer patients 










extras for the cancer patient




full color cancer book
generous use of color images to explain complicated concepts. larger print for readers with compromised vision. 



interactive
hyperlinks in the ebook provide an interactive experience. click on the link to visit the original article or website.






change the underlying cause
simple steps to manage lifestyle reprogramming. little or no side effects that are dramatically cheaper than drugs.



epigenetics
discover how your genes can be adjusted, molded, and modified by lifestyle with natural treatment therapies.





healing begins in the gut
learn low-cost techniques to overcome dysbiosis and leaky gut . balance the gastro-intestinal tract. 



cancer patient profiles
each chapter ends with a patient profile to provide inspiration and insight to the cancer patient and caregivers. 



this book provides a road map using alternative cancer fighting therapies.  change the underlying cause of cancer with naturally using genetics, nutrition, a healthy microbiome and simple lifestyle changes, while working with your doctor.












 








 buy amazon.com



buy barnes and noble



buy now on website



 













unlock your body's incredible ability to heal itself while working with your doctor.
 



dr. quillin is the author of 19 books, selling over 2,000,000 million copies. he has worked with 1000's cancer patients in hospital settings. 
 

menucancer fighting therapy book
articles
about
contact
 






copyright © 2025 natural cancer therapies book. all rights reserved.theme: accelerate by themegrill. powered by wordpress. 
cancer fighting therapy book
articles
about
contact
 








 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email



name



website














































