















 




community & family center | ymca of orange county


















































































 



 










 



news
about us
careers
contact
 










menu



 

family

fitness
volunteer
adventure guides
family guides
nutrition programs
training & certification

cpr certification
safe sitter courses




fitness

fullerton
huntington beach
laguna niguel
mission viejo
newport-mesa
rancho mission viejo
nutrition programs
wellness coaching
about y fitness


youth development

about youth development
after school program

huntington beach
laguna niguel & aliso viejo
mission viejo, ladera ranch & rsm
newport beach & costa mesa
orange
san clemente, san juan capistrano & dana point
santa ana & tustin
east san gabriel valley
pomona valley

school age care
preschool care




after school education & safety (ases)
middle school programs
homeschool services
youth & government
parent portal
inquiry form


camps

about camps
overnight
day camps & specialty camps


sports + swim

adult sports & fitness
youth sports
swim


community services

adults with disabilities
youth special needs
tailored day services


get involved

donate to the y
community events
donation drives
cares program
financial assistance
partnerships


 


 





welcome to ymca of orange county: your community hub & family destination 




discover your community.
we’re the community hub where you, your family, friends, neighbors—everyone—is encouraged and empowered to become the best version of themselves (and have some fun along the way)!                            



 




featured programs
 




fitness
full-featured fitness facilities at our community hub in orange county with dozens of group classes per week.







youth development
children in k-8th grades can learn and grow and thrive in our before and after-school programs.







swim
family and competitive swim lessons plus adaptive swim programs for those with special needs at our various family fitness centers.







camps
learn skills, develop character, and make friends through physical, social, and educational activities.







sports
classes and youth leagues in many sports including basketball, soccer, volleyball, dance and martial arts.







community services
programs and services for adults and children with special needs at our various locations throughout orange county.







adventure guides
the adventure guides program provides opportunities for families to engage in activities that promote nature, family, fun, and community.







volunteer
as a nonprofit organization in orange county, volunteer support is vital to the y. volunteers have the opportunity to take an active role in bringing about meaningful, enduring change in the community.







giving back
with your support and contribution, we can do even more good in our communities and support those most in need.






 





the y community
we serve as the heart of the community. a place of genuine connections and belonging. a community that offers a range of enriching experiences, services, programs and opportunities for all ages and abilities. we look forward to welcoming you.

learn more!







 





giving back
as a non-profit organization in orange county, our community hub is dedicated to supporting each other and those in need. from donations drives, to community events to donations, we rally together to make a positive difference. in fact, one hundred percent of donations received support our financial assistance program or subsidized y programs for those most in need.

make an impact





 

in the news





crafting kindness through valentine’s day cards for seniors
every year, the ymca of orange county's child & youth development programs organizes a wonderful and heartwarming initiative in which students make valentine's day cards to be delivered to local s...

learn more!



 





how to keep your heart healthy: tips from the ymca of orange county
february is american heart month and an opportunity to reflect on the essential role heart health plays in our lives. at the ymca of orange county, we’re here to support your journey to a healthier ...

learn more!



 





in the news: water safety, mermaids, and more!
at the ymca of orange county, we believe in staying connected and informed about the impact we have in our community. recently, a number of stories have been making headlines, from health and wellness...

learn more!



 











ymca community in action







happy valentine's day from the ymca! 💕 students


 





one of the students in our ases (after school educ
 





because of you, 19 children were able to spend 8 w






👉 check out some highlights from our fit kids p
 





📣upcoming classes! our safe sitter essentials c


 





health & wellness member cheryle talks about the e
 








 





annual campaign is here! 🎉 february marks the b
 





have you visited our blog yet? check out ymcaoc.or






last week our new horizons members welcomed a gues
 





the ymca of orange county would like to wish a ver


 





are you ready to be a changemaker? model united na


 


 


load more






 follow on instagram













 
 

 the ymca of orange county puts christian principles into practice through programs that build healthy spirit, mind, and body for all. we aim to improve lives and strengthen character by fostering youth and family development, healthy living and social responsibility driven by passionate staff and volunteers.
 



© 2024 ymca of orange county, all rights reserved.  |  tax id: 95-1644055home
about
careers
blog
contact us
donate
privacy policy
 








name*


first name



last name

phone*phone type*select phone type*cellhomeworkemail*

zip code



zip code


preferred ymca location*select locationfullerton family ymcahuntington beach family ymcalaguna niguel family ymcamission viejo family ymcanewport-mesa family ymcahow did you hear about us?select onechamber of commercecommunity eventdriving by locationemail from ymcaflyer/postcardgoogle searchinternet ad (other websites)poster/bannerreferred by friend/familyreferred by ymca staffsocial mediatv adyelpunknownhiddenexpected start date

mm slash dd slash yyyy

best time to schedule a tourselect timemorningafternooneveninginterests

fitness memberships


afterschool program


youth sports


swim lessons


special events


homeschool program


adult sports


youth & government


programs for adults with special needs


programs for children with special needs


overnight camps


day camps


adventure & family guides
comments (optional)briefly tell us what programs you are interested in so a representative can best assist you.*by submitting this contact form you will be automatically added as an e-news subscriber. you can unsubscribe at any time.captcha
  





















































































