 













home | gmu college of science








skip to main 









 






menu 


george mason universityaudience navigationinfo for:current studentsfaculty & staffcommunity & belongingalumni

main navigationmain navigationhomeacademicsadmissions & aidresearchdepartmentsaboutgivetoggle searchsite search keywordssearch














home

academic programs that bring opportunityjust outside the nation's capital, we've built connections with government agencies and industry partners working at the forefront of scientific research. combine those with our advanced facilities for getting real-world work experience and options for tailoring your degree, and our students have more opportunity to land jobs, internships, and research collaborations that really help them stand out.why science at mason?explore our programs

biology and creativity leap into focus at second annual bio artthe department of biology hosted its second annual bio art event, showcasing student research and artistic interpretations themed around herpetology. the event highlighted projects like krishna chaduruvelly's animated frog and liz replogle's research on idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, reflecting the fusion of science and art.see more of these creative collaborations

research areas
    health sciences
  
    biological sciences
  
    earth sciences
  
    physical sciences
  
    theoretical and computation sciences
  

breaking down the composting processcindy smith, professor in the department of environmental science and policy, brought her evpp 302 students to the convertus composting facility to observe food and yard waste recycling in action. the visit showcased how composting mitigates human impacts on ecosystems, offering students insights into sustainability careers while highlighting george mason university's own composting efforts.read more about this sustainability effort

college of science annual report 2023-2024what an extraordinary year for the college of science at george mason university. from groundbreaking research to record-breaking enrollment, our latest annual report highlights the remarkable achievements of our students, faculty, and partners. learn more about our collective efforts to shape the future of stem and support bold thinking.take a look inside

news and eventslatest newsall newsimagetemple grandin discusses her advocacy work with george mason studentsfeb 14, 2025by camille rimbawa and marissa joyceimagegeorge mason scientist leads $1.8m nsf grant to address mobility challenges from urban floodingfeb 14, 2025laura powersimageaoes professor made geological society of america fellowfeb 12, 2025imageannual earth system graduate symposium 2025feb 12, 2025upcoming eventsmore eventsfeb17ipn faculty search teaching demonstration: prof. vanessa anseloni
                feb 17, 2025, 3:00 - 4:00 pm    kb 229 or via zoomplease rsvp to gscott21@gmu.edu for the zoom link. 
                    mason neuroscience invites mason students, staff and faculty to attend prof. anseloni's lecture on the sensory system and to provide feedback after the session.


              feb18biology research semester open house
                feb 18, 2025, 12:00 - 1:00 pm    virtual via zoom
                    join the open house event to gain insights into the biology research semester program. this program helps undergraduate students dive into the world of scientific research, offering hands-on learning opportunities alongside research teams and multi-disciplinary partners. register here- https://gmu.zoom.us/meeting/register/jd9vxs33th-iixs2tmqa2g


              feb2020 feb (geol/clim) patterson, pliocene antarctic ice sheet dynamics 
                feb 20, 2025, 4:30 - 5:30 pm    
                    molly patterson, binghamton university catchment sensitivities of the west and east antarctic ice sheets to orbital forcing during the mid- to late pliocene thu, 20 feb, 4:30pm exploratory 1309 and via zoom (for link, email bhupp@gmu.edu ) host: brittany hupp


              








  
    
        understand. innovate. succeed.
4400 university dr. fairfax, va 22030
  703-993-3622

 mason science directory
footer menufairfax campus, exploratory hallcampus maps & directionsconnect with usfacebooktwitterlinked ininstagramyoutube

© 2024 george mason universitytitle ixaccessibilitystudent consumer informationprivacy statementfoiawebsite feedback








