






free crafts - all free crafts projects, free crafts patterns










 













home  •  
search  •  
contact






menu


craft projects
craft patterns
craft templates
craft clipart
craft artwork
craft how-to
craft tips
craft articles
craft forums
craft resources
craft sitemap
submit crafts
dog house plans
link to us
advertise here
questions (faq)



 








 










free crafts - free crafts projects

we might not be the largest free crafts website but that doesn't stop us from offering a wide variety of valuable craft projects, craft patterns, and other craft resources!


you'll find things like...


new and unusual craft projects
original custom graphics for craft projects
free to use crafts clipart
craft project how-to instructions
printable craft project patterns and templates
useful craft project tips and suggestions


 

craft of the month
[an error occurred while processing this directive]

 









latest crafts


dog house plans
even if you're not inclined to make your own dog house, feel free to grab any or all of these free dog house plans for someone you know who loves these kinds of projects. maybe they'll even make one of them for you! click here for all the dog house plans




hot chocolate candle
these hot chocolate candles are the perfect project. easy to do and lovely to look at. they are so creative and fun, you'll want to make dozens of them. gifts for everyone you love! click here for instructions



viewer's choice craft projects


pussycat hat crochet
after receiving several requests, we decided to create a pussycat hat for anyone who prefers to crochet. it's super easy to make. you can even switch it up by simply changing the weight and color of yarn. it's a really fun project! 
click here for instructions




floating flower candles
these floating flower candles are so much fun to make. they're easy and inexpensive. the perfect gift to yourself or a dear friend or family member. guaranteed to put a smile on anyone's face! click here for instructions


clipart, templates, designs

latest clipart...


need some bird clipart? we've got it!


and check out the new horse clipart. that's in addition to all the other recent images like sports clipart, fish clipart, and cat clipart. all free for you to use in any craft or art project.


plus, you'll want to take advantage of all our free patterns as well - animals, birds, butterflies, flowers, border designs, holidays, and more!


borders and templates


latest templates include hearts, mermaid and pirate ship.


and don't forget to grab your calendar blank templates. when you get there, just click on any thumbnail view to open the full-size printable version.


if you need doll head patterns, we have 3 different ones to choose from.


need something special or unique? take advantage of our free custom image service.


featured articles

starting your own craft business
selling your crafts
turning your craft into a business






in the news

we've gone mobile!
the entire free craft unlimited website is now mobile friendly. so you can enjoy all our pages on your hand-held devices. if you do happen to find a page we missed, please let us know and we'll get it upgraded to mobile right away.


print our crafts
now you can easily print each one of our crafts. just scoll to the end of any craft project and you'll see a "print version" button. clicking it will open a new window with a plain web page suitable for printing.


show your appreciation
freecraftunlimited.com is free but we are always grateful when we receive donations from those who appreciate all the hard work and effort that goes into it. if you enjoy this website and all it has to offer, please consider making a small donation to help keep freecraftunlimited.com free. it's fast and easy. make a donation through paypal.com.


submit your craft and get free publicity
if you have a special craft or project you'd like to share with other crafts people, we'll be glad to "showcase" it here at freecraftunlimited. we'll also include whatever information you would like such as your name, personal profile, and a link to your website. submit your craft details


get a custom image for free
need something special or unique for a project you're working on? let us know and one of our professional artists will create a custom graphic according to your guidelines/instructions. all we ask in return is that you provide a primary link to free craft unlimited from your own website. custom image details




 
 


advertisements












 
 

 

freecraftunlimited.com - copyright 2004- - all rights reserved

terms - privacy policy











