





	aia baltimore	







































aia baltimore
baltimore architecture foundation
the center for architecture and design
programs & events
news










				menu
			





search aia baltimore / baltimore architecture foundation



 


resources

2024 membership directory
find an architect
design awards celebration
architect resources

advocacy
the aia trust
are prep / licensure
continuing education
contract documents
jobs board




get involved

membership
aia fellowship
sponsorship
committees
the center fund
newsletter signup


about

board
staff
programs and events
annual sponsors


 
















meet the 2025 aia baltimore board 







feb. 18: inside the studio: how architects use ai today 





meet the 2025 aia baltimore board
feb. 18: inside the studio: how architects use ai today



aia baltimore (f. 1871) inspires and empowers architects and designers throughout the baltimore region to engage with communities to improve society and transform the world through the built environment. we drive positive change through the power of design and focused activism.
find an architect
use our online resources to find the right architect or contractor for any job
become a member
join a large, vibrant community  of local architects and industry professionals


featured news story

july 27, 2022 / center for architecture and design
rent the center for architecture and designlocated in historic one charles center in downtown baltimore, the center for architecture and design offers an ideal venue to host your next event or exhibit your work! the flexible […] continue reading
see all news articles



thank you to our platinum & gold level sponsors. see all of our sponsors


follow us









@aiabaltimore on instagram


sign up for the aia baltimore/baf newsletter









 














				one charles center
100 n. charles street
suite p101
baltimore, md 21201





(410) 625-2585
admin@aiabalt.com


site by ashton design
© 2020, aia baltimore / baltimore architecture foundation.




