






miami psychologists: miami counseling & resource center coral gables, florida



























  






















book appointment

 305-448-8325










home
teletherapy
staff

therapists
psychiatrists
nutritionists


services

anxiety

agoraphobia (anxiety) resource center
stress & anxiety management
obsessive-compulsive disorder (ocd)
phobias
post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)
fear of flying


depression
marriage and family

couples/pre-marital/marital counseling
infidelity counseling
family therapy
parenting coordination
step parent families
divorce & family counseling center
divorce & family mediation


child & adolescent

school problems
behavior and social/emotional problems


eating disorders

gastric by-pass service
obesity treatment
anorexia and bulimia resource center


women’s issues

assertiveness & self-esteem
codependent relationships
sexual abuse treatment
sexual orientation
women’s health issues
women’s resource & counseling center


testing & evaluation

adhd & add tesing and evaluation
learning disabilities
gifted placements & intelligence testing
psychological & diagnostic evaluations
school placement


nutrition

nutrition counseling: depression
nutrition counseling: eating disorders
nutrition counseling: marriage & family
nutrition counseling: women’s issues


group therapy workshops

divorce workshop: surviving the first twelve months
mindfulness meditation workshop
dance/movement therapy and expressive arts
group therapy for eating disorders


career evaluations & counseling
psychiatric medication
addiction treatment
trauma and abuse
eye movement desensitization reprocessing (emdr)
gay & lesbian issues – lgbt issues therapy
grief & loss counseling
sexual problems
dance/movement therapy


patient forms
appointments
español
testimonials
blog
contact us












 










helping you find your way, experts you can trust

every situation is different and your care will focus on your needs.



book appointmentcontact us










why choose miami counseling & resource center
miami psychologist


is there an experienced psychologist near me? yes, at miami counseling & resource center


top-rated psychologists, psychiatrists (doctors), therapists, and nutritionists


considered one of the best therapists in coral gables


whether you need a psychologist, psychiatrist (doctor), therapist or nutritionist, call miami counseling & resource center


the center handles anxiety, depression, ocd, ptsd, eating disorders, women’s issues, addiction treatment, gay & lesbian issues and sexual problems / sex therapy, lgbt


very experienced with marriage counseling and child & adolescent therapy, child counselor


adolescent psychologist, therapist and counselor


teen psychologist, therapist and counselor


depression therapy, psychologist, therapist and counselor


grief counseling / counselor


eating disorders counseling


family and couples counseling


psychiatry / psychiatric medication


stress management


adhd and add testing / evaluation


emdr counseling and therapy


psychological testing and evaluation


addiction and trauma therapy, psychologist, therapist and counselor


career counseling


experienced and professional


our miami psychologists can provide the help you need.
find out how our therapists can help you take control of your mental health and wellness. let’s get started today.
miami counseling & resource centermiami counseling & resource center is a full-service mental health treatment center providing psychological services and therapy to children, teenagers, and adults for a wide range of mental health, emotional, behavioral and relationship issues. the miami counseling & resource center is a multidisciplinary mental health treatment center staffed by psychologists, child psychologists, marriage and family therapists, licensed professional counselors, social workers, nutritionists, and both adult and child psychiatrists.
psychological testing is availablepsychological testing conducted by our child psychologist is available to children and adults for a variety of presenting problems, including intelligence and gifted placement, learning disabilities, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd), personality testing, and diagnosis of other emotional and behavioral problems.
individual & family therapyindividual and family therapy are the predominant modes of therapy / counseling offered at our convenient miami – south florida offices located in the heart of downtown coral gables.
group therapygroup therapy is provided in the areas of assertiveness, eating disorders, depression, anxiety, divorce, parenting, grief and loss, children’s issues, self-esteem, stress management, and other relationship issues. psychopharmacological management psychopharmacological management of psychiatric symptoms by our talented child, adolescent, and adult psychiatrists are offered in conjunction with our other mental health treatment services.
anxietyanxiety disorders are the most common psychological disorders in the u.s. with 19.1 million (13.3%) of the adult population (ages 18-54) affected.
depressionwith depression currently affecting more than 14 million people, the therapists at the miami counseling & resource center…
marriage & familydivorce & family counseling center, one of the four divisions of the miami counseling & resource center, was established in 1990.
child & adolescentthe miami counseling & resource center has child psychologists and therapists who offer individual and family therapy / counseling for children and teenagers.
eating disorderseating disorders, including anorexia nervosa, bulimia nervosa, and binge eating disorder are receiving a great deal of attention in the media.
women’s issueswomen’s resource & counseling center (wrcc), one of the four divisions of the miami counseling & resource center, was founded in 1977.
testing & evaluationchild psychologists at the miami counseling & resource center specialize in psychological testing and educational evaluations, providing comprehensive.
psychiatric medicationour esteemed psychiatrists at the miami counseling & resource center, m.d., diana antia, m.d., and evelia iglesias, m.d. are board certified in adult psychiatry.
nutrition counselingat the miami counseling and resource center, we invite you to meet with a registered dietitian / nutritionist specializing in the treatment.
addictions treatmentaddictions treatment at the miami counseling & resource center is accomplished on an out-patient basis using a holistic and scientifically-based approach.
group therapy workshopswe provide ongoing group therapy workshops to provide interested individuals with another format for treatment
meet the staffmiami counseling & resource center is a full-service mental health treatment center providing psychological services – meet the therapists who make a difference.




we are a diverse team of 20 highly trained psychologists, psychiatrists, therapists, and a nutritionist working hard each day for you.








multidisciplinary
we are staffed by psychologists, child psychologists, marriage and family therapists, licensed professional counselors, social workers, nutritionists, and both adult and child psychiatrists.








personal attention
every situation is different and your care will focus on your needs. we love what we do. helping others is our passion and we care about you and the success of your treatment and recovery.








professional therapists
we strive to maintain the highest levels of honesty and professionalism at all times by being consistent in our actions, expectations, principles, and values. we can be counted on to be trustworthy and ethical.







services







anxiety





depression





marriage & family







child & adolescent





eating disorders





women’s issues







testing & evaluation





career evaluations & counseling





psychiatric medication







nutrition





addiction treatment





trauma and abuse







eye movement desensitization reprocessing






gay & lesbian issues





grief & loss counseling







sexual problems





group therapy workshops





dance/movement therapy





client testimonials



take a look at what our clients have to say about us.












 









coral gables location





© 2025 miami counseling & resource center | 111 majorca ave coral gables, fl, 33134 |  privacy policy



followfollow



 



















