




jerrahi order of america
































 sign in
















jerrahi order of america







about us

relief work

library

ilahis

events

locations

contact us














































 

"come, come, whoever you are. unbeliever, fire worshipper, come. our way is not one of desperation. even if you break your vows a hundred times, come, come again."





you can come and be our friend as long as you wish. but if you wish to be one of us, then you have to be able to say: "i am the servant of the qur’an while i am still alive.  i am the dust on the path of muhammad, the chosen one. "(mevlana jelaluddin rumi)

 











 

farewell letter from shayk tosun bayrak al askeri al jerrahi al halwatimy dearest beautiful children, assalamu alaykum wa rahmatullahi wa barakatuhu. when these words are being read to you i will no longer be amongst you. but we have been in this world together for many years...   see more



tosun bayrak al askeri al jerrahi al halwati1/21/1926 - 2/15/2018

interview with "tosun baba"“i am trying to be an obedient dervish,” says tosun bayrak, whom many people call tosun baba. he is one of the khalifas of the late jerrahi shaykh, muzaffer ozak. after graduating from robert college in istanbul, turkey, tosun bayrak attended the academy of fine arts, and after a short while found himself at the university of california...   see more

 











the way starts with knowledge...





 read
"read in the name of your lord who created."
(96:1)


 articles
 books
 library


 watch
"his own heart did not deny that which he saw."
(53:11)


 khutba
 dhikr
 other


 join us
"and hold firmly to the rope of allah all together
and do not become divided." (3:103)


 friday prayers
 saturday service
 monday meshk












"come out of the circle of time,
and into the circle of love."
(mevlana jelaluddin rumi)




"love is the religion and the
universe is the book."
(mevlana jelaluddin rumi)



  


















calendar










contact us
jerrahi order of america

sheikh yurdaer al latif al jerrahi
884 chestnut ridge rd
chestnut ridge, ny 10977
see map: google maps
(845) 352-5518 / info@jerrahi.org



other locations


















































© 2014 jerrahi order of america. all rights reserved.














