


















country standard time












 
 

country standard time


homenewsinterviewscd releasescd reviewsconcertsartistsarchive☰



 












cd reviews


joe ely
love + freedom




sierra ferrell
trail of flowers (deluxe)




pure prairie league
back on track




dolly parton & family
smoky mountain dna - family, faith & fables




jamey johnson
midnight gasoline




flatland cavalry
flatland forever










featured interviews




jaime wyatt

jaime wyatt is a fantastic country singer that has just released her third album, "feel good," and is currently on her first headlining tour. this trek has taken her to places and venues where she's never played before and has been a heartening success.




rodney crowell

rodney crowell's career is littered with butterfly-effect decisions that, in retrospect, represent life-altering milestones along the singer/songwriter's star-crossed path. if the houston native hadn't moved to nashville at age 22, he wouldn't have been discovered by jerry reed...




steve earle

steve earle pays tribute to one of his mentors and heroes, jerry jeff walker, on "jerry jeff," which  follows his "guy" tribute to guy clark and "townes" tribute to townes van zandt. earle has called these projects a necessary form of therapy, as each of these great artists have passed on.




james mcmurtry

the title track to james mcmurtry's "the horses and the hounds" plays out like one of those great running songs, namely merle haggard's "the fugitive." "lord i've been running for so long i just can't find a way back home," mcmurtry sings, in that enjoyable deadpan vocal tone of his. when the haggard song is mentioned, though, mcmurtry responds, "i don't really remember.




shannon mcnally

back before the world retreated into makeshift fallout shelters for a year of netflix binging, board games and what warren zevon referred to as splendid isolation, nashville-based singer/songwriter shannon mcnally was invited to play a music city benefit concert.




track45

by their own admission track45 hails from a town that is "big enough for a walmart and a waffle house, but not a target or a starbucks." ironically, meridian, miss. (population (41,148) is the birthplace of the father of country music, jimmy rodgers. the harmony-driven sibling trio of track45 includes ben johnson and his infectiously bubbly sisters jenna and kk.








concert reviews


blue collar ole 60 ought to be going places
    these are heady times for ole 60, some "blue collar kids from middle of nowhere kentucky" (at least that's what the lead-in audio before the band hit the stage proclaimed). barely a year into their existence, the band just made their debut at the mother church of country music, the grand ole opry. ...


more country, less rock would serve marlowe more
    dylan marlowe's preferred subject matter tends to be those good ol' boy southern anchors of trucks, women and in marlowe's case, deer.
throw a rock sound to the songs, and you get the sense for what most – but definitely not all – of a marlowe concert sounds like these days. ...


g. love and special sauce make a welcome return home
    the most personable g. love and special sauce were home again, and it showed in spades during the first of two beantown shows.
g. love is really a philadelphia native, but the blues/soul/hip hop/folk singer also lived  here for few decades and the city where he first forged a musical presence on a bigger stage. ...


albino needs no slack
    it would be entirely understandable if headliner jeremie albino and opener benjamin dakota rogers would have been accorded a modicum of slack by the 200 or so faithful supporters.
it was opening night of albino's tour after all. meaning he had not played a show since october (although of course, ...








the latest news



mason will "wish you well"
flores, the war and treaty, louris release new cds
simpson extends tour
bryan stages first concert ever at the big house
brown plans euro leg of tour
triple tiger records signs profitt









at the cst blogs


roots, toots n' hoots

the cmas 2025 edition
2024 acms - the blow by blow

fervor coulee bluegrass

favorite bluegrass albums of 2024
amanda cook- restless soul 







 









©country standard time • jeffrey b. remz, editor & publisher • 
countrystandardtime@gmail.com

about • 


copyright •
newsletter • 
our sister publication standard time



	country news  

	

	cd reviews  

	
	follow us on

	
 
	
 
	
 
	


 
 

 
 

 

 
 

