




enterprise resource planning (erp) | oracle








































































































skip to content
accessibility policy















products
industries
resources
customers
partners
developers
company









close search











search oracle.com


quick links
oracle cloud infrastructure

oracle fusion cloud applications
oracle database
download java

careers at oracle

















search







country















view accounts


back

cloud account
sign in to cloud
sign up for free cloud tier

oracle account

sign-in
create an account


help
sign out




contact sales



menu






menu


















overview


erp products


financial management
procurement
project management
risk management and compliance
enterprise performance management
erp analytics






erp for industries


banking
casinos and gaming
communications
education
federal government
healthcare
hospitality
life sciences
professional services
oil and gas
restaurants
retail
utilities






compare


best erp
oracle cloud erp vs. microsoft
oracle cloud erp vs. sap
oracle cloud erp vs. sap banking
oracle cloud erp vs. workday
oracle cloud for higher ed vs. ellucian and workday






migrate to cloud


migrate any on-premises erp to oracle cloud erp
migrate any erp to oracle cloud erp






what's new


oracle ai for the cfo
streamline b2b transactions
customer stories
aicpa certificate series
women in finance and operations
connected planning




business insights


















applications



oracle enterprise resource planning (erp)
continuous change requires continuous innovation
tomorrow’s leaders are those most capable of adapting to change today. oracle fusion cloud erp is a complete, modern, cloud erp suite that provides your teams with advanced capabilities, such as ai to automate the manual processes that slow them down, analytics to react to market shifts in real time, and automatic updates to stay current and gain a competitive advantage.

contact erp sales


request a demo























ai-driven finance: capitalizing on an agentic landscape
watch this on-demand webinar to discover how ai can drive real business outcomes and prepare your organization for the future of finance. make ai your competitive edge.


access the webinar





finance teams and ai: the future of efficiency
see how ai is replacing traditional finance processes with touchless, predictive operations.


dive deeper now





empower financial excellence with ai agents for erp
learn how oracle ai agents can empower your organization to improve financial operations, decision-making processes, and overall business performance.


read the guide (pdf)













oracle fusion cloud enterprise resource planning





financial management
project management
procurement
risk management and compliance
enterprise performance management (epm)
erp analytics












get a clear financial picture to make better decisions
oracle financials gives you a complete view of your financial position and results so you can respond quickly to an ever-changing business environment.



see financials product details


take a financials tour



features

accounting hub
reporting and analytics
payables and assets
revenue management
receivables
collections
expense management
joint venture management
u.s. federal financials


















align your projects with your business strategy
oracle project management helps you plan and track your projects, assign the right talent, balance capacity against demand, and scale resources up or down quickly as needs change.



see project management product details


take a project management tour



features

 plan, schedule, and forecast
resource management
cost management and control
billing and revenue management
grant management
project asset management
 
















optimize savings and reduce risk with streamlined procurement
oracle procurement simplifies and integrates source-to-pay with an intuitive user experience, built-in ai, analytics, and collaboration that simplifies supplier management, enables best supplier selection, enforces compliant spending, and improves profitability.



explore procurement


take a procurement tour



features

supplier management
supplier portal
sourcing
procurement contracts
self service procurement
purchasing
payables
procurement analytics





















build trust and reduce risk with automated monitoring
oracle risk management and compliance uses ai and ml to strengthen financial controls to help prevent cash leaks, enforce audit, and protect against emerging risks—saving you hours of manual work.



explore risk management and compliance


take a risk management tour



features

erp role and security design
separation-of-duties automation
continuous access monitoring
user access certification
configurations controls
transactions controls
audit and sox/icfr workflows
enterprise risk management (erm)
business continuity planning


















outperform with agility
oracle enterprise performance management enables you to model and plan across finance, hr, supply chain, and sales. streamline your financial close and gain insight to drive better decisions.



explore enterprise performance management


take an epm tour



features

planning
profitability and cost management
account reconciliation
financial consolidation and close
tax reporting
narrative reporting
enterprise data management (edm)
 
















predict and analyze with ai
oracle analytics for cloud erp complements the embedded analytics in oracle cloud erp to provide prepackaged use cases, predictive analysis, and kpis based on variance analysis and historical trends.



see business analytics product details



features

kpi management
best practice metrics library
prebuilt analytic models
extensible architecture
business content areas
self-service data discovery
augmented analytics
collaboration and publishing
enterprise architecture and security
mobile exploration























choose the analyst report for your industry








learn why gartner® named oracle fusion cloud erp a leader for service-centric enterprises
find out why oracle was named a leader in the 2024 magic quadrant™ for cloud erp for service-centric enterprises, placing highest in “ability to execute” and furthest right in “completeness of vision.”*


read the service-centric erp report







learn why gartner® named oracle fusion cloud erp a leader for product-centric enterprises
find out why oracle was named a leader in the 2024 magic quadrant™ for cloud erp for product-centric enterprises.**


read the product-centric erp report















complete cloud erp with built-in artificial intelligence






predict, detect, and act on new situations
no one likes big deltas between forecasts and actuals. most models though are too limited, relying on sample datasets or just gut feel. oracle cloud erp introduces machine-learning to predictive planning and forecasting so you can utilize broader datasets, reveal hidden bias, uncover significant deviations, and speed your overall response time.


discover connected planning




automate and eliminate your manual business processes
spend less time compiling data and more time understanding what it tells you. whether preparing your narrative for the street or assessing potential m&a activity, oracle cloud erp gives your team more time for strategic work by automating the most time-consuming, mundane business processes. with ai, up to 96% of transactions can be automated.


learn more about ai in erp (3:49)




simplify and speed everyday work
oracle’s ai-powered digital assistant simplifies and speeds common tasks, allowing you to ask simple questions like “what’s the status of my open purchase requisitions?” and “what reconciliations are due today?” personalized tasks like invoices or over-budget notifications are delivered to you proactively, so approvals move faster too.


increase productivity with digital assistance




streamline procure-to-pay processes with document io agent in cloud erp
oracle's document io agent helps automate and simplify onboarding of complex integrations for third parties, such as suppliers, customers, and financial institutions. this ai agent improves efficiency as well as capture and generation of documents across all transactions, electronic channels, document standards, formats, and languages.


see the ai agent in action (2:00)

















the oracle playbook for financial excellence
oracle fusion cloud erp has enabled us to achieve more with less, and you can too.


explore the oracle playbook














erp customer successes

see all customer stories


learn why almost 10,000 leading corporations worldwide trust oracle to run their mission-critical business functions.
























































 













enterprise resource planning resources





cloud readiness
compare
customer community
cloud learning
support and services
related content
















see what’s new in oracle cloud erp
check out the cloud erp readiness section for updates, documentation, and tutorials.

view cloud readiness resources
for a limited time, finance your cloud migration project
migrate from any on-premises erp system to oracle cloud erp
highest performing cloud
unify hr and finance with oracle cloud











see why oracle fusion cloud erp is the leader
our erp solutions have been cloud-based from the beginning. they’re intelligent, fully connected, and built for flexibility.
see why oracle has the best erp
hear from analysts




see the comparisons

oracle erp vs. sap
oracle erp vs. microsoft
oracle erp vs. workday
compare oracle's saas applications vs. the competition
















commitment to our customer community
we run our entire business on oracle cloud and partner with you to share our experiences and help you be successful.
visit the community
request a cvc engagement














develop your oracle cloud erp skills
oracle university provides learning solutions to help build cloud skills, validate expertise, and accelerate adoption. get access to free basic training and accreditation with the oracle learning explorer program.
start learning for free





learning resources

cloud erp training and certification
oracle guided learning












support

oracle support
cloud customer connect
customer connect idea labs



services

oracle consulting
oracle soar
customer 2 cloud program









how can we help you?

contact global resources














trending

 save 15% on agile finance transformation training
join the linkedin community: women in finance and operations
change agents of finance awards



related solutions

cfo resources
top challenges for cfos in 2024
ebook: a business manager's guide to next generation cloud applications (pdf)
oracle for financial services
fusion ai for oracle financials
close the books faster with oracle fusion cloud erp and epm






discover erp

explore erp—business insights
what is erp?
what is saas erp?
what is an erp implementation?
3 erp implementation case studies
what is accounting software?
calculate your benefits















get started with oracle cloud erp





request an erp demo


take a walkthrough with one of our experts.


try an erp demo







take an erp product tour


explore oracle cloud erp on your own.


browse erp product tours







contact saas erp sales


talk to a member of our team about oracle cloud erp.


contact erp sales
















* gartner® magic quadrant™ for cloud erp for service-centric enterprises, november 4, 2024. robert anderson, denis torii, sam grinter, naveen mahendra, tomas kienast, johan jartelius.
** gartner® magic quadrant™ for cloud erp for product-centric enterprises, 2024 published: 11 november 2024. dixie john, denis torii, johan jartelius, tomas kienast.
this graphic was published by gartner, inc. as part of a larger research document and should be evaluated in the context of the entire document. the gartner document is available upon request from oracle. gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. gartner research publications consist of the opinions of gartner's research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
gartner is a registered trademarks and service mark, and magic quadrant is a registered trademark of gartner, inc. and/or its affiliates in the u.s. and internationally and are used herein with permission. all rights reserved.














resources for

careers
developers
investors
partners
researchers
students and educators





why oracle

analyst reports

best cloud-based
erp
cloud economics
social impact
culture and inclusion
security practices





learn

what is cloud
computing?
what is crm?
what is
docker?
what is
kubernetes?
what is
python?
what is saas?





news and events

news
oracle cloudworld
oracle cloudworld tour
oracle health summit
oracle dev tour
search all events





contact us

us sales: +1.800.633.0738
how can we help?
subscribe to emails
integrity helpline
accessibility










country/region





© 2025 oracle
privacy/do not sell my
info



ad
choices
careers




























