








basenji rescue and transport home
































available basenjis
adopt
rehome
resources
stories
about
volunteer
contact
donate




basenji rescue and transport
providing safe harbors and strong anchors for basenjis set adrift













‹
›






rescuing basenjis since 1999
our mission is to rescue, rehabilitate, and rehome dogs of the basenji breed. brat rescues basenjis from shelters, abusive situations, and relinquishing owners. we provide routine and advanced veterinary care for our dogs and ensure that they have been spayed or neutered, fully vaccinated, tested for heartworm, dna tested for fanconi syndrome, and evaluated for temperament. in order to secure a "forever home" we screen potential adopters, striving for compatibility of dog and owner. brat is an all-volunteer organization recognized by the irs as a tax-exempt charitable corporation since its founding in 1999. our success depends upon the generosity and dedication of our donors and volunteers.  read more about us »


featured basenji

amani is a sweet eight-year-old girl currently in indiana. she is strikingly beautiful with her shiny black coat. she enjoys wearing sweaters in the winter. amani is not destructive, rides well in a car, is kennel trained and loves the companionship of the resident male basenji.  read more »  


are basenjis hypoallergenic?


the basenji appeals to people because they have read that the breed is hypoallergenic. but is it true? long time brat volunteer chey miller provides us with the scientific information about the nature of human allergies to dogs. visit the page now »


donate to fanconi testing

fanconi syndrome testing is crucial to the health and well being of basenjis. brat is dedicated to dna testing all our dogs under 10. we depend on the generosity of donors like you to help us with this commitment!    help us test the dogs. donate now »




price drop! the 2025 calendar is now half price
  
the 2025 calendar is now just $10.00 plus shipping. our biggest fundraiser of the year, the calendar is jam-packed with adorable photos of our favorite curly-tailed companions, submitted and voted on by volunteers, adopters, and friends of brat. help us stay alive and well. order now!

the good, bad, and ugly

on this page of the website, we explore just how good, bad, and ugly basenjis can be. this is a must read for anyone considering adopting this breed.  read more »

the kong-sicle

dogs like to chew, but some treats are too rich. enter the kong-sicle! stuff with premium canned food, set upright in shot glasses and pop them in the freezer. more recipes at kong's website.






follow us: 
				
 
				





get a replacement brat id tag.  order a lost tag or a second tag for a special collar. give us the tag number, donate $5 and we'll send you a shiny new tag! order here »

rescue work is ongoing, never ending, and costly
all basenjis in our care receive complete veterinary care, including dna testing for fanconi syndrome. in many cases the dogs need more extensive medical treatment and their expenses are far greater than our reasonable adoption fees. this is why we depend on the generosity of people like you to help us stay alive and well.  make a tax deductible donation now »


read about our adoption process

before you decide to adopt from brat, you'll want to read about our adoption process. read now »

happy ending stories

mikaela has been one of the best things that has ever happened to me and my family. i look forward to a long life together.

 read more » 




donate to brat








home | 
	mission and about |
	faq |
	adopt |
	available basenjis |
	volunteer |
	donate |
	contact us |
	privacy policy



		copyright © 1999-2025 basenji rescue and transport, inc.
		website designed, created, and maintained by the owners of midtown computer services.
click here to help basenjis in need!




