






pinecrest christian conference center | christian conference center





























909-338-4243
reservations@pinecrestcamp.com















home
amenities

bunkhouse
chapels
dining halls
fun activities
guest speakers lodging
gymnasium
pavilion
suites


pricing
forms
maps
directions
contact
 


select page


  
 
 


















experience a comfortable, safe, & clean environment


pinecrest’s goal is to provide your group a comfortable, safe, clean, friendly environment, where you can experience a touch from god and to provide the highest quality christian camping experience at an affordable cost. some say it’s because of the food, others mention how comfortable and clean our lodges are, and many people point to the quietness of and beauty of our mountain setting. whatever the reason, it’s a fact that most of the groups that use our facilities come back year after year.















worship
pinecrest offers numerous venues where your group can gather, fellowship and praise the lord as he deserves.








eat
we offer healthy and delicious foods before, during, and after a long day of being in god’s presence.








play
at pinecrest, you can have fun and enjoy our pool, zip line, rock wall, and numerous other fun areas.








rest
we offer lodging for adults only (18+), youth, children, and families. this lodging will accommodate your group whatever its size and makeup, and we can manage all your needs.









book your group



we offer affordable camping experiences for your group size and needs. see our 2024 pricing below. 













the bunkhouse
four large sleeping rooms with 136 beds


$175/ person


2 nights (includes 5 meals) – $175 per person3 nights (includes 8 meals) – $230 per person4 nights (includes 11 meals) – $286 per person  the bunkhouse is a conference center wrapped up into one two-story building. groups that utilize the bunkhouse sleep, and have their meetings in it as well. it is made up of four large sleeping rooms with 34 beds in a bunk bed setup. the meeting room is adjoined to these rooms. each room has its own bathroom, shower room and sink area. the bunkhouse will accomodate a maximum of 136 people



redwood, sequoia, cedar & pavillion
each room has its own sink, mirror, and electrical outlets


$195/ person


 2 nights (includes 5 meals) – $195 per person  3 nights (includes 8 meals) – $238 per person 4 nights (includes 11 meals) – $304 per person  pinecrest has three, large, two-story alpine lodges. the lodges have individual rooms that contain one queen bed and four single beds in a bunk-bed configuration. the rooms are carpeted and have their own thermostatically controlled heating. each room has its own sink, mirror, and electrical outlets. there are two bathrooms  located on each floor of the lodge. pillows, bedding, and towels can be provided by pinecrest for an additional charge.



the suites (18+ only)
ideal for men’s, women’s and couples’ retreats


$216/ person


  2 nights (includes 5 meals) – $216 per person3 nights (includes 8 meals) – $275 per person4 nights (includes 11 meals) – $330 per person the suites are an adult only conference facility and is ideal for men’s, women’s and couples’ retreats. the suites are made up of several three-story chateaus, some with three bedrooms, other with five bedrooms. our lakeside chapel and dining rooms are included. 











call us & book your group today!



feel free to reach out to us with any questions regarding our site or our facilities!

contact today















send us a message









name


phone


email address


message




submit












office hours & contact
1140 pinecrest road, twin peaks, ca 92391
open: 8am – 4 pm
phone: (909) 338-4243
agconfctr@aol.com




get closer to god.experience his touch.enjoy fellowship with your group.
© 2020 pinecrest christian conference center all rights reserved



 








2020 pinecrest christian conference center ©
all rights reserved | designed by trent ellerman 

















