






dept. of skateboarding
 































 
  







home














newsdecember webtagechris ray recently dropped a new montage over on the transworld site. and our own brian baca has a clip skating a pretty popular ledge [...]compton plays a girl in a game of skate?
compton was recently skating the venice park and a random girl from quebec challenged him to a game of skate.  did compton get a [...]steven reeves dakine's ad days
steven was smart enough to get out of the northwest for a little while (to avoid the rain) and headed down to san pedro’s skate [...] dept. daily920 kurt goes decades deep with ray barbee.
over at vans. ray is the definition of timeless classic.
baca featured on the brixton site
take a peek at a sequence of our very own brian baca over on the brixton  site. after dropping a part [...] industry news from 

vans’ tnt advanced prototype – new colorwayvans’ veteran global team rider tony trujillo, has been outfitted with a new green colorway with his latest signature show, the tnt advanced prototype for [...]real presents “out of sight” – treasure island diy
oj wheels – cruisin’ minneapolis: henry gartland
vans park series rider profile: nora vasconcelloslong before turning pro in 2017 nora vasconcellos had become an inspiration to an entire generation of girl skaters as well as a leader and [...] 




audio visualcal's pharmacy montage
cal’s pharmacy montage from time lapsed
featuring nick palmquist, brian baca, joe hargrave, compton, mike derrick, chris stuker, tyler bledsoe, & tyson reynolds.
filmed & edited by cory woods.
baca's turn in the friday night lights.
baca comes through with a 6 1/2 minute!?! vid clip for footy tape friday. that’s what you call a full length video part..
around the world with nike sb
to ring in the new year, nike sb has given their whole site a new facelift with plenty of new products, bio, photos and [...]a day with skate mentalroll over to the thrasher site and take a look at a little video put together by joey digital of matt beach, brad staba, shane [...]tgipftf!!
thank goodness it’s pete’s footy tape friday.. 
pmac’s part from max’s opus “it’s always sunny in portland” gets a shout out on transworld.
 



skate paparazzikowalski at cleveland highrf3vh2cb0a
sometimes you win, sometimes you lose...
devin appelo is never one to shy away from giant drops. this time around, he was given the short end of the stick. right [...]turning the tablesmax put down his vx long enough to blast this boneless over stark bump eariler this summer. almost every trick in the book has gone [...] art dept.kind of late reminder..
..but you have just over 10 days left if you want to catch the tail end of art dept. friend chris johanson’s gallery show [...]mark whiteley's "this is not a photo opportunity" show opening saturday jan. 23rd @ cal's pharmacy!!
hi friends,
on saturday january 23rd we will be having an opening of photos from mark whiteley’s new book “this is not a photo opportunity.” [...] interrogation roommeet the lunatics: gabe and ben lunahere’s a quick little interview with gabe and ben luna, identical twin shredders from corbett who have about twelve and a half feet of height [...] 







home

 
powered by wp






