











cartwright's maple tree inn





skip to content (press enter)








toggle navigation










home
our story
menu
how to get here
faq
apply












-



























									are you ready for some pancaaaaaakes?!!!
								




									100% pure maple syrup for as far as the eye can see
								










									we opened for the first time back in 1963!
								




previous



next






serving all-you-can-eat buckwheat pancakes and 100% pure maple products













open seasonally
the 2025 season will run from february 4th through april 6th.
hours


tuesday - friday
9am - 8pm


saturday
8am - 8pm


sunday
8am - 6pm


mondays and easter sunday
closed









you're located... where?
our restaurant may be a little off the beaten path, but we know you'll agree that it's well worth the trip when you taste our buckwheat pancakes and real maple syrup. click below for detailed instructions on how to get here from any direction.
directions







we'd love to hear from you!


phone
(585) 567-8181



address

4321 county road 15a
angelica, ny 14709













4321 county road 15a, angelica, ny 14709


(585) 567-8181

					cartwright's® and cartwright's maple tree inn® are registered trademarks of cartwright's maple tree inn, llc.
					 |  accessibility






close
cartwright's maple tree inn accessibility statement


general
							cartwright's maple tree inn strives to ensure that its services are accessible to people with disabilities. we have invested a significant amount of resources to help ensure that this website is made easier to use and more accessible for people with disabilities, with the strong belief that every person has the right to live with dignity, equality, comfort and independence.
							accessibility on cartwrightsmapletreeinn.com
							we have made available the userway website accessibility widget that is powered by a dedicated accessibility server. the software allows our website to improve its compliance with the web content accessibility guidelines (wcag 2.1).
							enabling the accessibility menu
							the accessibility menu can be enabled by clicking the accessibility menu icon that appears on the right side of the page. after triggering the accessibility menu, please wait a moment for the accessibility menu to load in its entirety.
							disclaimer
							cartwright's maple tree inn continues its efforts to constantly improve the accessibility of its site and services in the belief that it is our collective moral obligation to allow seamless, accessible and unhindered use also for those of us with disabilities. 
							
							despite our efforts to make all pages and content on cartwrightsmapletreeinn.com fully accessible, some content may not have yet been fully adapted to the strictest accessibility standards. this may be a result of not having found or identified the most appropriate technological solution.
							here for you
							if you are experiencing difficulty with any content on our website or require assistance with any part of our site, please contact us during normal business hours as detailed below and we will be happy to assist.
							contact us
							if you wish to report an accessibility issue, have any questions or need assistance, please contact us as follows: 
							
							email: granny@cartwrightsmapletreeinn.com

							phone: (585) 567-8181
						










