
























newark human resources








































skip to main content







rutgers.edu
new brunswick
newark
camden
rutgers health
online
rutgers search











































                        rutgers university-newark                    

                    newark human resources                






 menu

home
meet hr newark
employee resources

hr online
learning and development


policies & resources
calendar
contact
 

open search input



































 

 
















more results...










generic selectors






				exact matches only			







				search in title			







				search in content			







post type selectors














filter by categories







							professional development						







							seminar						







							training						







							uncategorized						







							workshop						





 








homepage















welcome to rutgers university-newark human resources
we are committed to supporting employees with all aspects of their employment needs and beyond.
be part of a highly diverse campus employee population who are strongly committed to social growth & civic engagement.
learn more
be part of our diverse community…



              career opportunities            










services offered

uhr newark provides services in partnership with central administration and other university governing bodies to support all facets of human resources needs for the ru-n campus.
we guide employees, department leaders, and hr liaison representatives on the following areas:



talent acquisition (staff): recruitment strategies, workforce planning, succession planning
job classification (staff) and benefits: job evaluation, in-grade, classifications/re-classification, benefits administration, retirement planning 
learning and development: orientation, onboarding, talent/performance/change management, retention strategies
employee relations: employee engagement initiatives, compliance with collective bargaining agreements, employee offboarding/separation/exit interviews
policy administration: health, wellness, safety (workplace violence/harassment), equity (equal opportunity/discrimination), inclusion (accommodations/accessibility), ethics compliance, and risk assessments






we offer a comprehensive benefits package

medical plans
dental plans
prescription drug plan
pension plans
retirement plans
section 125 program
optional tax deferral plans
and more…

benefits overview










discover newark











explore rutgers university-newark and the greater newark community. immerse yourself and experience what is uniquely newark with its diverse population, arts, culture, and international flavors. we are located in the heart of the city…in newark and of newark!
newark happening






 









hr news


rutgers emplooyee first initiatives
september 18, 2020


working with technology
march 13, 2020







quick linksru-n staff council
p3 collaboratory
survey forms
 

























															newark human resources                                
								45 bleeker street
newark nj 07102							                        
phone: 973-353-5500 
fax: 973-353-1532 
email:hrnewark@newark.rutgers.edu							                        

hours: 8:30 am - 4:30pm
monday - friday                            







contact webmaster | accessibility

rutgers is an equal access/equal opportunity institution. individuals
            with disabilities are encouraged to direct suggestions, comments, or complaints concerning any
            accessibility issues with rutgers web sites to accessibility@rutgers.edu
            or complete the report accessibility barrier or
                provide feedback form.
copyright ©2025, rutgers, the state university of
                new jersey






accessibility information

×



rutgers is an equal access/equal opportunity institution. individuals with disabilities are
                    encouraged to direct suggestions, comments, or complaints concerning any accessibility issues
                    with rutgers web sites to accessibility@rutgers.edu or complete the report accessibility barrier or
                        provide feedback form.


close




















