



        
          nsf sage: 
data services

        
      























contact us
        |
        
          


  sign in









menu
















data



nsf sage ingests, curates, and distributes geoscience data
nsf sage provides management of, and access to, observed and derived data for the global earth science community.
this includes ground motion, atmospheric, infrasonic, magnetotelluric, strain, hydrological, and hydroacoustic data.


data at nsf sage

types of observational data
derived data products

data ingestion

submitting data to nsf sage

data analytics

quality assurance



data access

data tool matrix
requesting data from nsf sage
data request tools
                  
web services
web applications
batch request tools
realtime data access


requesting derived data products



downloadable software

nsf sage authored software
community authored software

support

knowledge base
mailing lists






instrumentation



nsf sage operates, provides, and maintains geoscience instrumentation
nsf sage facilitates seismological and geophysical research by operating and maintaining open geophysical networks and providing portable instrumentation for user-driven experiments.
instrumentation support includes engineering services, training, logistics, and best practices in equipment usage.
all data collected with nsf sage instrumentation are made freely and openly available.


permanent networks

global seismographic network (gsn)

portable instrumentation

passcal instrument center

seismic
polar
magnetotelluric


seismic source facility

usarray

alaska transportable array



community engagement

meetings & workshops
short courses
best practices
data quality principles

collaborations



greenland
central asia and the caucasus



new directions

research coordination networks
                  
distributed acoustic sensing (das)
subduction zones in four dimensions (sz4d)


wavefields initiative
rapid response to geohazards


past projects

ocean bottom seismic instrument pool (obsip)
earthscope project
gro-chile






education



nsf sage provides a wide range of education, workforce, and outreach resources
our mission is to advance awareness and understanding of seismology and earth science while inspiring careers in geophysics.


learning & teaching resources

recent earthquakes teachable moments
lessons/demonstrations
educational software/webtools
videos | animations | animated gifs

posters | fact sheets
educational seismographs

learning opportunities

student internships
teacher professional development
webinars



public outreach

public displays
distinguished lectures
day in a life of a seismologist
shakealert® system

explore earthquake data

recent earthquakes
earthquake browser
station monitor
wave visualizations
view seismograms





about



established in 2018, nsf’s seismological facility for the advancement of geoscience (sage) is a distributed, multi-user national facility operated by earthscope that provides state of-the-art seismic and related geophysical instrumentation and services to support research and education in the geosciences.




about earthscope

vision/mission
membership
governance
justice, equity, diversity, and inclusion
news



community

becoming a member
mailing lists

events

workshops | short courses
calendar



publications

how to cite nsf sage

earthscope organization

contact us








sign in
































data services







data
charges
nodes
meetings
message center
ds newsletter
products
projects
publications
quality assurance
short courses
support
workshops
contact






                  
data services

                  

this page describes the nsf sage component of earthscope data services. this is just one part of the broader earthscope organization, and the information shown here should be treated as historical context.
introduction
earthscope data services (ds) has specific charges and consists of several components or “nodes”. these nodes work together to ensure the smooth flow of gsn and portable data from the stations to the seismological research community.
data services nodes

data management center
iris/usgs data collection center
iris/ida data collection center
earthscope primary instrument center
university of washington
array network facility
kazakhstan seismic data center

components
earthscope ds is composed of multiple nodes. the albuquerque seismic laboratory (asl) and the ucsd/ida dccs collect data from the gsn, perform qa on the data, convert the data to seed and send the gsn data to the dmc. the earthscope primary instrument center (epic) performs qa and reformatting for portable data. the array network facility (anf) is charged with ensuring that usarray/transportable array data flow to the dmc and that proper metadata is available. the kazakh national data center in almaty performs qa on data from the numerous arrays and stations in kazakhstan before forwarding the data to earthscope. the uw produces data products as well as provides feedback on mustang quality assurance system with an emphasis on how mustang can be used with data from regional networks.
workshops
the dmc on behalf of earthscope ds organizes seismic data workshops around the world, including how to handle network data and metadata and diverse topics in the advanced studies institutes.
view the list of workshops








    nsf sage facility has been
    
      certified as a trustworthy data repository
    by the coretrustseal standards and certification board
  






quick links

mailing lists
frequently asked questions
privacy policy
terms of service
comments about this page




directorates

instrumentation services

data services


engagement





connect
contact us












      earthscope consortium operates the
      nsf geodetic facility for the advancement of geoscience (gage)
      and nsf seismological facility for the advancement of geoscience (sage).
      any opinions, findings and conclusions, or recommendations expressed
      in this material do not necessarily reflect the views of the 
      u.s. national science foundation.
    






14:21:11
v.af9cd46b








