







who's who online®














skip to main content





toggle navigation




who's who


main menuhome
search
about
news

secondary menusign in
 





 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 




since 1995
a free digital reference, who's who online® delivers biographic citations to computers, tablets and smart phones.






who's news
stephen hawking's ashes interred between newton and darwin in westminster abbey


june 17, 2018 

 the cremated remains of  stephen hawking were interred in westminster abbey on friday, june 15, 2018, between those of isaac newton and charles darwin, two other giants of science.  more than 3,300 britons are buried or commemorated in the 1,000 year-old abbey,  including 17 monarchs - queen elizabeth i among them - and some of the nation's greatest musicians, scientists and poets. ⟶



hillary clinton:  “as a person, i’m o.k..  as an american, i’m very worried.”


april 7, 2017 

 hillary rodham clinton, the first woman nominated by a major political party for american presidency, spoke out today about the impact of russian interference in the 2016 elections, condemning what she called moscow's "weaponization of information."   she made the remarks at the annual women in the world conference in new york city, where she was interviewed by  columnist nicholas kristof. ⟶



team usa's michael phelps ups his medal totals to 28 in fifth olympic games


august 17, 2016 

 american swimming legend michael phelps competed in his fifth summer olympic games in rio de janeiro, and came away with a total of 28 medals including 23 gold, three silver and two bronze over a span of sixteen years.  at the rio games he won gold medals as a member of three winning relay teams, and in two of his three individual events. ⟶



clinton becomes the first woman nominated for u.s. office of president


july 27, 2016 

 secretary hillary rodham clinton captured the democrat party's nomination for the office of president of the united states on 26 february 2016 at the party's convention just before 8pm local time in philadelphia.  the roll for delegate votes was called state until the state of vermont had cast its votes.  clinton's former opponent, senator for vermont bernie sanders, rose from where he was seated with his home state delegation, took the microphone in hand, and made a procedural motion. ⟶



world mourns loss of muhammad ali, dead at 74 in phoenix


june 5, 2016 

 three time world heavyweight boxing champion muhammad ali, who sparked his own international acclaim winning an olympic gold medal at the 1960 games in rome, died at a hospital near his scottsdale, arizona home on friday, june 3, 2016, at the age of 74.   a glorious  athlete, he will be remembered not only for his boxing prowess and wins, but also his intertwined talents for self-promotion and provocation, which notably extended to issues of racial equality and us military intervention in vietnam. ⟶





 
who's new



 


richard li  李澤楷
 entrepreneur, businessman and philanthropist

 hong kong, canada







 


preet bharara
 former united states attorney for the southern district of new york

   new york, new york







 


bernard sanders
 united states senator from the state of vermont

 burlington, vermont  and washington, district of columbia  usa







 


his holiness pope francis
 266th supreme pontiff of the roman catholic church

 vatican city, rome, italy







 


sheryl  crow
 singer-songwriter, record producer, actress and activist

 los angeles, california and nashville, tennessee  usa










© 1995—2025 who's who online®.  all rights reserved.


coming
disclaimer
sponsorship







