

  








welcome - mennonite heritage center







































































menu     


home
who we are
visit
events

calendar
christmas market
workshops
programs
apple butter frolic
heritage banquet
used book sale
whack & roll


exhibits
library & collections

search database
library
collections
genealogy resources
fees


give & join

donate
volunteer
become a member


blog
 












home




welcome










the mennonite heritage center is a museum and library dedicated to preserving and sharing the stories of mennonite faith and life in eastern pennsylvania. mennonite christians first settled in the delaware valley in 1683 and have been part of pennsylvania’s community and religious life for over 300 years. you are invited to visit the heritage center to see changing exhibits, use our historical library and take part in events, programs and workshops throughout the year.

events
the mennonite heritage center hosts numerous workshops and programs throughout the year, as well as major events, including whack & ...read more

exhibits
we welcome you to view our exhibits and learn about the unique heritage of mennonites in eastern pennsylvania. hours: tuesday ...read more

library & collections
the mennonite heritage center houses an excellent anabaptist and genealogical research library named in honor of john l. ruth, as ...read more

nyce barn weddings
feature barn wedding rental near philadelphia! rustic, authentic, historic nyce barn with new construction and amenities on the grounds of ...read more 

on the blog

when this you see, remember me: the needlework of sisters susan, sallie and annie alderfer
over the last 30 years, the mennonite heritage center has been able to collect an interesting group of traditional needlework done by perhaps three sisters from a mennonite family in lower salford township-several of them by recent donation. the needlework was donated by at least four different family members. these are mainly late, pennsylvania german style “show” towels, or decorated hand towels, made from 1888 to 1906 - most of them apparently by annie l. alderfer and one each by older sisters susan l. and sallie l. alderfer. they show that traditional pennsylvania german needlework was still practiced this late ...read more 

sign up!
to get heritage center news and updates delivered to your inbox.
email (required) *first name *last name *select list(s) to subscribe to example: yes, i would like to receive emails from mennonite heritage center. (you can unsubscribe anytime)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact








address 565 yoder road
harleysville, pa
19438-1020



hours tues – fri: 10 am to 5 pm
sat: 10 am to 2 pm



contact 215-256-3020

info@mhep.org


facebook
twitter



 

 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website





















































