














home
 | the perryman group






 



      
      the perryman group
      
     








 home
            



 about
            



 economic analysis
                



 expert testimony
                






 firm profile
                



 our clients
                





 publications
            



 library
                






 column signup
                



 purchase newsletter
                





 data
            



 texas top tens
                



 regional spotlights
                






 purchase data
                





 account
            



 log in
                





 shopping cart
            
 
 







 

 






0
          

 
 
 
 


home | the perryman group







          effective economics,
          accessible analysis
        

the perryman group provides the
          economic insights you need for the board room, the courtroom, the hearing
          room, or any other room where decisions are made.
        



 services
            
 


 publications
            
 
 
 
 
 
 




our services

          we are a focused team of analysts who can answer your economic questions
          clearly and effectively—no matter how complex or consequential.
          dr. ray perryman,
          president and ceo, has 40 years of experience in developing systems, analyzing
          complex problems, and communicating effectively with governments, judges and
          juries, fortune 500 companies, small businesses, community leaders, and audiences
          of all kinds.
        

          our thousands of clients include
          many of the nation's leading law firms, over half of the fortune 100, two-thirds of
          the global 25, and the 12 largest technology firms in the world. if you have any questions
          about our economic analysis or
          litigation services, please
          contact us.
          
        
 
 




impact assessment
 






 




 

              we have developed and continually maintain an extensive set of economic
              impact evaluation models that can be applied in a variety of contexts.
            

              learn more
            
 
 
 



expert testimony
 






 




 

              we help clients analyze and communicate complex information in common-sense
              terms through comprehensive, objective analyses and clear, concise expert
              reports and presentations.
            

              learn more
            
 
 
 



forecasting
 






 




 

              we are at the cutting edge of econometrics and other advanced statistical
              methods and have provided innovative approaches for many complex applications.
            

              learn more
            
 
 
 



speeches
 






 




 

              dr. perryman addresses dozens of audiences throughout the world every year,
              catering to a wide variety of events.
            

              learn more
            
 
 
 
 
 
 




publications and media

          we regularly release publications across a variety of mediums discussing
          current economic trends, recent projections, and issues affecting business
          and society.
        

          our publications and associated media include weekly syndicated
          columns, daily
          radio spots,
          impact reports,
          newsletters,
          infographics,
          and
          videos, which are
          available in our online library, in
          addition to our most recent content, available below. if you have any
          questions about our publications, please contact us.
          
        
 
 



 


 


 



@perrymangroup
 






 




 
 














 
 
 
 
 
 
 










brief
the potential economic impact of sustained, significant tariffs on imports from canada and mexico



published on feb. 4, 2025

 
 
 








brief
the high economic cost of proposed tariffs on imports from canada and mexico



published on dec. 3, 2024

 
 
 








report
twenty years of success
the impact of the lubbock economic development alliance on growth in the area economy



published on nov. 13, 2024

 
 
 








brief
hurricane beryl causes estimated $2 billion net loss in texas output



published on july 16, 2024

 
 
 








brief
heat! the economic effects of sustained higher temperatures



published on july 2, 2024

 
 
 








brief
the high cost of millions of texans losing health insurance coverage



published on april 24, 2024

 
 
 








brief
the economic impact of the solar eclipse on the us and affected states



published on march 28, 2024

 
 
 








brief
economics of the 2024 solar eclipse



published on march 25, 2024

 
 
 
 
 




contact us

we believe that information is neither liberal or conservative. this mindset has given us the privilege to regularly work with leaders in both major political parties, as well as plaintiffs and defendants, communities and corporations, and environmental groups and companies seeking to expand responsibly.


our advice is often sought by members of congress, judges, regulators, and other officials throughout both the us and foreign countries. we also regularly service many smaller firms, local governments, trade associations, and economic development organizations.


we value every client and work diligently to meet their unique needs. if you are interested in our services, please reach out to us with any questions you may have.

 


 
 
 
 








 




 
 
 
 
 
 







 shopping cart 
    


 




          your cart is empty
        


 

 

 
 




follow us


















 






firm profile

the perryman group is a focused team of analysts who know how to address any economic information task and present findings effectively. our in-house professionals bring expertise in economics, finance, statistics, mathematics, real estate, valuation, systems analysis, engineering, technical communications, and marketing. dr. ray perryman, president and ceo, has 40 years of experience in developing systems, analyzing complex problems, and communicating effectively.

 
 
 




the perryman group

                510 n valley mills dr.
                
                suite 300
                
                waco, tx 76710-6076
                


                  map
                


contact us

254.751.9595
                
254.751.7855
              

                © 2025 the perryman group
                
                all rights reserved
              
 
 
 
 
 
 








