






goyetche family - home







































it began with one 
basque fisherman
it’s an uncommon and unusual name. 
unlike others with more common surnames, 
there are a relatively small number of 
goyetche family 
members. in canada 
most are 
concentrated in nova 
scotia. others are 
scattered across 
canada, france, the 
united states, south 
america and the 
south pacific.
in the early 1970’s, 
inspired by 
conversations with my grandmother maria of 
petit de grat, nova scotia, i began tracking 
down those who share the goyetche surname 
in towns and cities across canada and  


elsewhere in the world. thus began a life-long 
journey to research our family history and 
genealogy. 
i discovered that, with only a few exceptions, 
those who share the goyetche surname in 
north america trace their origins to jean 
goyetche. he was a basque fisherman born in 
1763 in the bayonne region 
of france, who arrived in 
north america sometime 
before 1793. 
it is believed he may have 
spent time on the islands of 
st. pierre & miquelon or at 
louisbourg before finally 
settling in arichat on isle 
madame in nova scotia.
in the more than 225 years 
since jean’s arrival, the goyetche family in 
north america has grown to include some 
2,200 descendants. they span nine 
generations and encompass more than 700 
family groups.


basque whalers on the hunt - national geographic
the goyetche family has included a number 
of colourful characters. among them was 
martin goyetche, who travelled with the 
pirates pierre and jean laffite, and married 
one of the laffite daughters; dominique 
goyetche, who was sentenced to prison on 
the island of new caledonia in the south 
pacific; and billy goyetche, freight-hauler, 
undertaker and police constable in st. peter's, 
ns.
historical profiles of the islands st. pierre & 
miquelon and of isle madame in nova scotia 
include a number of references to goyetche 
family members.





 2019 by darryl goyetche. all rights reserved




the basques in atlantic canada
basque fishermen began using isle madame in nova scotia as a summer base for their north 
atlantic fishing and whaling expeditions perhaps as early as the 16th century. there is evidence 
they were making yearly fishing and whaling voyages to atlantic canada by around 1525, and 
possibly as many as ten years earlier. 
among the attractions in that early period of european exploration were the immense herds of 
walrus that invaded the shores of isle madame on a regular basis. even once the last walrus 
had left, the seas around isle madame continued to yield a sufficient bounty to justify a 
continued european presence. 
in time a number of the basque fishermen, who had been using isle madame as a fishing 
station for generations, chose to settle permanently. while they were eventually assimilated, 
through intermarriage with their acadian neighbors, their family names, goyetche, desroches, 
baccardax, and josse (joyce) may be found in isle madame to this day.
on the islands of saint-pierre & miquelon, off the coast of newfoundland, an historical profile 
notes that the current population with basque origins can trace its roots back to immigrants 
who came over from the mid to late 18th century.
"these fishermen and peasants mostly came from iparralde. basque migration was at its peak 
at the end of the 18th century, however not all remained in saint-pierre & miquelon, some 
returned to iparralde after two or three years. this migration to saint-pierre & miquelon was 
organized by the goyetche family."




















































basque origins & pirates

the south pacific

cape breton to texas

bishop of charlottetown

conversations with maria

last village constable

land grant petition























photo gallery 1

photo gallery 2

photo gallery 3

photo gallery 4

photo gallery 5























