















standard tinsmith and roofer supply - contact us today!

















































 516-506-7932
info@tinsmith.com
 


 
contact us
























homeabout usspiral duct

benefits of flat oval spiral ductflat oval spiral duct workhow to use retro industrial design
products

flat oval spiral duct and round spiral ducttin ceilings

classic ceilingscorniceaccessoriesfillers 
sheet metal and coilsangle-channelhvac insulationadhesivestapeshardware
downloadsmedia 













 






sheet metal experts
over 100 years of sheet metal experience



view our products












round spiral and flat oval experts
over 100 years of sheet metal experience



view our products






 


 








 
contact us
standard tinsmith & roofer supply corp.
255 e 2nd street
building 2
mineola ny 11501
tel: 516-506-7932
email: info@tinsmith.com
contact us today





 
our products

spiral and flat oval duct
tin ceilings
sheet metal & coils
angle-channel
insulation
adhesives
tapes
hardware

view our products





 
quality flat oval spiral and round spiral duct
quality flat oval spiral and round spiral duct experts that are backed up by our guarantee
download oval pdf









 
why choose
flat oval spiral duct and round spiral duct?
why choose spiral?
as the market continues to grow for spiral ductwork, you may be asking yourself, “why choose spiral ductwork over traditional rectangular ductwork?“
there are infinite reasons to choose spiral; here are a few spiral ductwork advantages:

visually appealing
efficient and effective
cost effective
speedy installation

learn more









 

































 














purchase flat oval and round spiral duct at tinsmith & roofer supply corp.                        

                             it is announced that standard tinsmith & roofer supply corp. is now offering flat oval spiral and round spiral duct. standard tinsmith & roofer supply corp. now joins three other manufacturers to only offer this unique equipment in new york.                            read more...






our mission
our mission at standard tinsmith & roofer supply corp. is to be your most reliable source for all your sheet metal coils, tin roofing, flat oval duct, and spiral ductwork products, along with expert installation. our commitment is to ensure your success as our customer, and we do so by having knowledge in all areas of our trade and business. our team will now offer you spiral duct and flat oval work too. our retro industrial ductwork is equally energy-proficient, and we are helping make your monthly utilities less costly while being very pleasing to the eye.
our stock comprises diverse coils and gauges of sheets of several particular types of metals. moreover, we offer you installation materials and a complete stocking line of hvac merchandise. our team is fully trained and ready to assist you anytime with any concern or question you may have. we will help make your job easier by helping you when you need your next hvac fabricated, designed, or measured.
we have over 100 years of manufacturing authentic decorative tin ceilings and walls. we use original sand casted steel dies, and our massive bliss power press ensures that you have a uniform, clean, and clear stamp each time.
read more








at the helm of a legendary sheet metal shop in brooklyn, new york


joel fishkind prepares his sheet metal family business for a fourth act.
few sheet metal shops can say they’ve been around for more than a century. in the heart of brooklyn, new york, the secret to standard tinsmith and roofer supply’s 105-year-old longevity is family.
in 1914, luis goldberg opened tinsmith in the lower east side of manhattan with a plan to sell quality sheet metal products to the city’s rapidly developing five boroughs. with business booming, goldberg soon groomed his son-in-law, sam fishkind, to run the sheet metal shop in order to keep the company’s operations all in the family.
when sam’s business partner eventually retired in the 1960s, his son and current tinsmith president, joel fishkind, purchased a partnering stake in the company. fifty years later, joel is now readying his son scott to take the reins of the family business and pave his own way forward.




 



growing a sheet metal business
when it comes to the family business, fishkind shares an uncomplicated approach that has sustained the company for many years.
“the good thing about selling steel is if you have a recession, which we had years ago, and you’re financed enough to get through it, which we are, nothing happens to the steel,” he says. “if you’re selling vegetables or fruit, stuff like that, and you don’t sell that in two or three days, you could be out of business. so as long as you have the finances to go through that year of a bad recession, your steel is still sitting here good as new.”
in addition to tinsmith’s wholesale of galvanized, aluminum, and stainless steel products, the sheet metal shop recently added manufacturing spiral duct and flat oval duct to its operations under scott’s leadership.
“when we started the spiral business, we were concerned about how we would get our distributorship out,” fishkind says. “but it ended up that the steel we sell mostly goes to the hvac industry, so we had built-in customers.” additionally, this has helped them establish a reputation to build a loyal customer base across the country.
“a lot of companies look at it as just ductwork,” says scott. “to us, it’s more than that,” like father, like son.







 
our product line
standard tinsmith & roofer supply corp. has been manufacturing authentic decorative metal walls and ceilings for over 100 years. using original sand casted steel dies, our massive bliss power press ensures a clean, clear, and uniform stamp every time. over 40 patterns & 18 cornice designs to choose from. finishes we have available include steel, brass, copper, chrome, white, and stainless steel.








 











































































 










 



 



socialize 
facebook
instagram




contact us standard tinsmith & roofer supply corp.
255 e 2nd st
building 2 
mineola ny 11501 
tel: 516-506-7932
email:  info@tinsmith.com








© 2025 standard tinsmith. all rights reserved


home
about us
products
downloads
media
contact
 























