















 
 






































personal & family well-being resources | family and youth resources in arkansas















javascript must be enabled for the correct page display
skip to main content






quick links
contact us counties directory publications calendar jobs get e-newsmedia & logosabout extension





division of agriculture
agricultural experiment station
facebook
youtube
instagram
x
flickr
pinterest









u of a division of agriculture logo
cooperative extension service




search



 browse by topic seasonal tips
staying active
plant health clinic
invasive species
online courses
4-h programs

donate now


menu close 



farm & ranch





farm & ranch 

insects & plant disease
pick up know-how for tackling diseases, pests and weeds.

ag economics & marketing
farm bill, farm marketing, agribusiness webinars, & farm policy.

animals & forages
find tactics for healthy livestock and sound forages.

row crop irrigation
scheduling and methods of irrigation.

extension locations
explore our extension locations around the state.





row crops
commercial row crop production in arkansas.

weed management
agriculture weed management resources.

technology in agriculture
use virtual and real tools to improve critical calculations for farms and ranches.

farm & ranch resource library
learn to id forages and more.

research locations
explore our research locations around the state.

agent demonstrations
get the latest research results from our county agents.





agritourism, aquaculture, & farm safety
our programs include aquaculture, diagnostics, and energy conservation.

biosecurity best practices
keep our food, fiber and fuel supplies safe from disaster.

pesticide training & licensing
private, commercial & non-commercial training and education.

commercial horticulture
specialty crops including turfgrass, vegetables, fruits, and ornamentals.

education in agriculture
find educational resources and get youth engaged in agriculture.









yard & garden





yard & garden 

master gardener program
gaining garden smarts and sharing skills.

the arkansas garden
timely tips and garden guides for the arkansas home gardener.

home landscaping
creating beauty in and around the home.

lawns and turf
maintenance calendar, and best practices.

vegetable gardening
coaxing the best produce from asparagus to zucchini.





plant health clinic
what’s wrong with my plants? the clinic can help.

plant of the week
featured trees, vines, shrubs and flowers.

ask the pest crew
ask our experts plant, animal, or insect questions.

fruits & nuts
enjoying the sweet fruits of your labor.

in the garden
herbs, native plants, & reference desk qa.





youth and gardening
growing together from youth to maturity.

plant, tree, & weed databases
crapemyrtles, hydrangeas, hort glossary, and weed id databases.

bees & beekeeping
get beekeeping, honey production, and class information.

butterfly gardening
grow a pollinator-friendly garden.

garden events and programs
schedule these timely events on your gardening calendar.









business & communities





business & communities 

leadership development
equipping individuals to lead organizations, communities, and regions.

community, workforce, & economic development
home to the center for rural resilience and workforce development.

entrepreneurship and tax school
guiding entrepreneurs from concept to profit.





apex accelerator & government contracting
position your business to compete for government contracts.

economic analysis
find trends, opportunities, and impacts.

voter education
providing unbiased information to enable educated votes on critical issues.

public policy center
increase your knowledge of public issues & get involved.





local government
research-based connection to government and policy issues.

local foods
support arkansas local food initiatives.

strengthening ar communities blog
read about our efforts.

eda university center
find workforce info and economic development administration resources.









environment & nature





environment & nature 

disaster preparedness
preparing for and recovering from disasters.

professional education opportunities
licensing for forestry and wildlife professionals.

water quality and conservation
preserving water quality and quantity.





air quality and standards
cleaner air for healthier living.

firewood and energy
firewood & bioenergy resources.

forestry management
managing a complex forest ecosystem.

musings on nature blog
read about nature across arkansas and the u.s.





wildlife resources
learn to manage wildlife on your land.

soil education and testing
soil quality and its use here in arkansas.

invasive species
learn to id unwanted plant and animal visitors.

ag & natural resources blog
timely updates from our specialists.









life skills & wellness





life skills & wellness 

food & nutrition
eating right and staying healthy.

food safety & preservation
ensuring safe meals.

health & exercise
take charge of your well-being.

ar home grown & homemade
cooking with arkansas foods.





personal finance
making the most of your money.

personal & family well-being
making sound choices for families and ourselves.

child care providers
nurturing our future.

at home with uaex blog
get tips for food, fitness, finance, and more!

homesteading in arkansas
explore the art of homesteading with our expert guidance.





aging
understanding aging and its effects.

extension homemakers
giving back to the community.

emergency preparedness
managing safely when disaster strikes.

grown-up u podcast
listen to our latest episode!









4-h & youth 





4-h & youth 




















home
extension home
life skills and wellness
personal & family well-being







personal & family well-being

personal well-being programs
couple relationship programs
parenting programs
family life fridays blog
navigating life blog
farm stress
sun safety - skin carecar seat safety






personal & family well-being
family life is full of challenges, but it is also rewarding when we make wise choices.
                           we have created research-based programs to increase personal well-being, strengthen
                           couple relationships, and empower effective parenting. all of these programs and materials
                           are intended to help you make choices that will lead to a more enjoyable and satisfying
                           family life.




home alone handbook: is your child ready?
set smart goals
strengthen your brain with gratitude
how much is too much? setting limits with grandparents
family life friday blog
co-regulation: helping them calm the storm
how to be wrong
is it defiance or anxiety?
show and tell: love your kids every day
loneliness and social isolation among older adults
self-compassion: do better when you feel better




relationship resources from the gottman institute

the gottman institute offers research-based resources to strengthen relationships.  

is your relationship a healthy one?


the organization love is respect shares resources to educate teens and others about
                                          qualities of healthy relationships. february is teen dating violence awareness month.  


what if my partner threatens suicide?


love is respect outlines steps to take and support resources if your partner threatens
                                          suicide. 


if you or someone you know are in immediate danger, call 911. 


covid-19 resources for parents


these resources from the child mind institute help parents who are working from home
                                          with kids who are out of school or otherwise transitioning to new ways of interacting. 


ar children's hospital coronavirus resources
                                    arkansas children's hospital has prepared resources to educate your child about coronavirus,
                                    and to calm their anxiety.  

suicide prevention lifeline

during times of uncertainty, mental health can become more difficult to manage. if
                                       you or someone you know needs support, they can call 1-800-273-8255 24/7 or use the
                                       chat feature in the linked webpage. 

self-care after trauma
sexual assault is traumatic, and reporting an assault can cause a victim to relive
                                       the trauma. self-care is important, but it can be very difficult following trauma.
                                       the rape, abuse, and incest national network (rainn) offers resources for victims and families. if you have a friend or family member
                                       who has been a victim, you may find these tips useful.  

rainn offers a national hotline and online chat for survivors.
the national sexual assault hotline number is 1(800)656-hope. 

connect with us!
                                     








 
 




 
 








                           
                             
                           










contact us
division of agriculture
agricultural experiment station
dale bumpers college of agricultural, food & life sciences
employment opportunities
online courses



state office:

 2301 s. university avenuelittle rock, ar 72204
phone: 501-671-2000
toll free: 888-884-5565
dial 711 for arkansas relay

giving

facebook
youtube
instagram
twitter
flickr
pinterest




local county offices
academic departments
research & extension centers
support services
social & digital media
e-newsletter sign up







copyright © 
equal access
disclaimer
privacy
accessibility
get pdf reader
extension.org
extension policies
division policies
site map
 employees only



















©top


