









cosmetic eyelid surgery-blepharoplasty


























daniel ebroon, m.d. 

home

testimonials
               


video
letter
online



photos
               


gallery
eyelid surgery
fillers
browlift
office and staff



procedures
               


eyelid surgery
botox

fillers
                     


juvederm
restylane
kybella


browlift
other


resources
               


patient information
reviews
locations



contact
about



google+


 
 
welcome to cosmetic eyelid surgery 
      for southern california
dr. daniel ebroon is an oculoplastic plastic surgeon (eye plastic surgeon).
    he is a skilled practitioner  in eyelid plastic surgery and  cosmetic facial care. dr. ebroon's expertise lies in rejuvenating tired-looking eyes  through procedures like blepharoplasty.  by addressing droopy and puffy eyelids, dr. ebroon aims to convey the inner  energy and vitality outwardly. notably, he also imparts his knowledge on eyelid  plastic surgery at the ucla school of medicine.  ✨
 







testimonials
 


recent online testimonials 





steven e.

                westlake village, ca
 five star yelp review
 
“daniel ebroon is not only a master 
technician specializing in cosmetic and 
corrective eye surgery, he is also a very 
special man. he is caring and friendly 
with a smile and wonderful bedside manner.

i have had eye bags coupled with flaps
and folds covering both eyes for too many
years. i wanted to find a cosmetic eye 
surgeon to take away the saddle bags 
under both my eyes and to open my eyes
wider and excise the flaps and folds so 
my periferal vision improves. i'm attaching before and after pictures so
you can see the magnificent work dr. 
ebroon performed. within a month my eyes
were wide open, the flaps removed and the
saddlebags were almost completely 
eliminated.

dr. ebroon's staff is extremely friendly and 
professional. i would be remiss if i didn't 
give a big shoutout to the gorgeous and 
wonderful surgery coordinator loredona. 
thanks for being so gracious and 
accommodating scheduling my
surgery."




 
armine v.
                simi valley, ca
 (yelp review)            
“i went in today for a stye removal with dr. ebroon. my appointment was at 9am, and i was in and out by 9:45am! this includes filling out paperwork as i'm a new patient, then meeting with the nurse, meeting with the doctor and talking about the procedure, then being prepped for the surgery, numbing, anesthesia, and the actual procedure all took less than an hour. this isn't to say they rushed through it. everyone was just so professional and on top of things. dr. ebroon explained everything in detail, and did such a smooth job during the procedure. it was my first time here and i was a bit hesitant as i've had another similar procedure done in the past with another doctor who did a horrible job and left a scar. so i'm very pleased with dr. ebroon and his team at conejo-simi eye medical group and will be going back should i need an ophthalmologist in the future."


+ more testimonials
 











what we offer



 
 
 
 









 























dr. ebroon's practice






 








dr. ebroon's practice





 
 



cosmetic eyelid surgery


cosmetic eyelid surgery


cosmetic filler


board certified in ophthalmology and oculoplastics


staff photo


our office follows enhanced safety protocols.



testim
recent letter testimonial























 
in addition to cosmetic eyelid surgery and brow lifts, the  office offers a host of other facial cosmetic services. these include botox  (with new patient treatment visualizer), dysport (a new wrinkle remover),  juvederm (with new patient treatment visualizer), restylane, microdermabrasion  with a diamond tome wand, chemical peels, medical grade facial procedures, and  medical grade skin care products. dr. ebroon is a teacher and mentor to other  physicians including dermatologists, and plastic surgeons on the advanced  technique in cosmetic fillers and botox. 
dr. ebroon also performs reconstructive surgery of the  eyelids, eye socket, and tear ducts for those patients suffering from diseases  related to these areas. this includes patients with droopy eyelids, eyelid  cancer, broken bones around the eyes, tearing disorders, thyroid eye disease  (grave's disease), and other eyelid disorders.
dr. ebroon invites you to enter his site to learn more about  cosmetic eyelid surgery and the other procedures that he performs.
 
read more










home|
about|
procedures|
photos|
contact|
for patients|
testimonials|

 
connect with us:
 








 
 



conejo simi eye
 
351 rolling oaks dr. suite 102
                thousand oaks, ca 91361
(805) 497-3160

dr@ebroon.com


 

copyright 2024 © daniel a. ebroon, m.d.- all rights reserved
  



