
































































lake geneva news | breaking news | | read geneva, wi and wisconsin breaking news. get latest news, events and information on wisconsin sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















26°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



state & regional



crime



politics



national



business



world



multimedia



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



guest/columnists




sports


high school



college



professional




resorter


event calendar



music



movies



television




lifestyles


welcome home



food & cooking



health & fitness



contests




feast and field


partners



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



welcome home



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



marketplace



wisconsin public notices



shop local




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletters



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

resorter

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









26°
cloudy
























        
        
            headline: and the beat goes on

it must have been like a scene from a movie. 

















        
        
            district renews school resource officer memorandum of understanding for 2025-2026 school year

on a unanimous feb. 10 vote, the williams bay board of education formally approved continuing the district's full-time school resource officer (sro) position into the 2025-2026 school year.

















        
        
            another snowstorm poised to hit wisconsin friday into saturday. see how much may fall

the visible brown lawns thanks to our relatively snowless winter will have snow cover by the end of the weekend that will require some spring warmth to melt.

















        
        
            see all the bands and musicians who will perform at summerfest this summer

summerfest on wednesday announced the rest of the lineup for the three-weekend music festival held in milwaukee june 19-21, june 26-28, and july 3-5.

















        
        
            big snowstorm moves into southern wisconsin, another to follow on friday

the back-to-back storms are expected to bring significant dumps of snow that could total 10 inches or more for many locales in southern wisconsin, according to forecasters.

















        
        
            trump's doj prioritizes immigration prosecutions over drug-trafficking enforcement

despite president donald trump’s stated concern over fentanyl trafficking and national security threats, his department of justice is directing federal law enforcement and prosecutors to prioritize going after immigration-related offenses.

















        
        
            contested races on feb. 18 primary ballot in williams bay for village president, village board

in advance of the tuesday, april 1 spring general election ballot in the village of williams bay, a spring primary election will be held tuesday, feb. 18 to narrow the field of candidates for village president and village board. here are the candidates in their own words...










            curated commerce
        
5 best thc gummies of 2025





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            wisconsin football's newest quarterback on transitioning to a new offense, transfer portal


















        
        
            headline: and the beat goes on


















        
        
            elkhorn theater group brings 'calendar girls' to stage















                
                the latest



















        
        
            february 13 recap: lake geneva news you may have missed today

thursday's news: what you missed while you were at work. 





















        
        
            photos: southern wisconsin's relatively snowless winter ends

what had been a relatively snowless winter for southern wisconsin began changing on wednesday, as the first of back-to-back big snowstorms dumped several inches of snow on southern wisconsin. 





















        
        
            lake geneva neighbors: obituaries for february 13

read through the obituaries published today in lake geneva regional news. 












        
        
            february 12 recap: lake geneva news you may have missed today




don't miss wednesday's most popular stories from lake geneva regional news. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 




















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit




















        
        
            the day after: 'robust post-war reintegration plan critical for sustainable free democratic ukraine'




















        
        
            doge website lacks detailed records despite musk’s 'maximally transparent' promise




















        
        
            200,000 federal workers at risk of getting fired as widespread cuts continue












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            wisconsin football's newest quarterback on transitioning to a new offense, transfer portal

a familiar trend is set to continue with a transfer quarterback taking the reins of the badgers' offense. hear from the program's newest signal-caller on his initial thoughts and more.





















        
        
            wisconsin football quarterback discusses transition to new offense, transfer portal

soundstripe content id nbdf3cy0egr0xcwz 





















        
        
            jimmie johnson, martin truex jr. on making daytona 500: "happy to have this behind us"

#nascar #daytona500 #jimmiejohnson 




















        
        
            salem native, former westosha basketball star zackery enjoying dream season with clemson

there's been much to celebrate in jaeden zackery's most rewarding year of his basketball career.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.





















        
        
            need a vacation? take a trip to hbo's 'the white lotus' | streamed & screened

"the white lotus," hbo's breakout hit of 2021 was originally billed as a limited series. but it's back again for a third trip of what has become a popular anthology.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            'elsbeth' becomes a family affair for carrie preston

carrie preston didn’t think her husband, actor michael emerson, was interested in her series, “elsbeth.” now he has a recurring role on the cbs whodunit.




















        
        
            could obesity drugs help with alcohol cravings? new study suggests potential

a new study suggests that medications that have transformed the treatment of obesity may also help people drink less alcohol. 




















        
        
            tiktok returns to apple and google app stores in the us

tiktok was removed from apple and google's app stores on jan. 18 to comply with a law that requires bytedance to divest the app or be banned in the u.s.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









contributor








        
        
            shaping the year ahead: best practices for each business quarter

contributor content. in business, strategic planning is pivotal to determining an organization's trajectory.












contributor








        
        
            understanding bitcoin prices: a guide for beginners

contributor content. in just over a decade, bitcoin has grown into financial importance large enough to be bright enough to attract investors, traders and enthusiasts alike.












partner








        
        
            defi is banking the unbanked globally

provided content. defi has changed the banking industry, providing access for the 1.7 million people who are unbanked worldwide.












partner








        
        
            lake geneva vs toronto: a cost of living comparison

provided content. compare the cost of living in lake geneva vs toronto. 
















                
                latest galleries




















        
        
            'perverse' incentives: how local governments might cash in on trump's migrant detention




















        
        
            beyond the classroom: how schools are getting creative to help struggling families




















        
        
            girls face stereotypes about stem abilities as early as 6, study finds




















        
        
            photos: the restoration through the years of the 1385 steam locomotive












                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            5 best thc gummies of 2025

affiliate content. find the best options for thc gummies in 2025. 




















        
        
            8 best cbd gummies for relaxation and wellness

affiliate. take a closer look at some of the top cbd gummy options on the market.




















        
        
            what do reviews of real mitolyn users say about purple peel exploit for weight loss?

affiliate. find out what real users say about mitoyln and how it helped their weight loss journey. 




















        
        
            best natural otc alternatives to ozempic for losing weight safely

affiliate content. find the best natural otc alternatives to ozempic with this helpful guide so you can lose weight safely.





















































×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram









sites & partners


submission forms

place an ad

calendar

rack locations

search

weather




services


e-edition

email newsletters

customer service

advertise

contact us

work here

dealer returns






                        © copyright 2025
                        lake geneva news, 315 broad st. lake geneva, wi 53147
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alerts

subscribe

























