


safari tours in namibia | affordable african adventures



























 toggle navigation    
gateway africa 



namibia safaris
private tours
about
contact )*(












safari tours in namibia
affrordable wildlife adventures designed around your requirements.















namibian specialists
we are born and bred namibians with a passion for this beautiful diverse country of ours. since our first safari in 1987, we have been specializing in private safaris, that are safe and affordable for small private groups, couples and families. 
          gateway africa offer unique value-for-money adventures that are designed around your interests and requirements.
		  why namibia?
namibia is a large sparsely populated country of 2.8 million people. with a unique natural diversity, that range from the deserts (namib & kalahari) to wide open savannahs, diverse wildlife, to the ever-green forests of the okavango and zambezi regions. amazing national parks, traditional cultures and scenery, all combined to make namibia the perfect safari destination.
			








guided namibia safaris
all safaris could be tailor-made to fit your interests, requirements and holiday-time.
contact us








10-day namibia lodge safari
windhoek to windhoek. highlights: etosha national park, sossusvlei / namib desert, himba tribe, cheetah sanctuary, damaraland, swakopmund, waterberg plateau park.








14-day namibia explorer
windhoek to windhoek. highlights: erindi game reserve, etosha national park, himba tribe, cheetah sanctuary, damaraland, swakopmund, namib desert, kuiseb canyons, sossusvlei & namib-naukluft park.








14-day kaokoland wilderness
exclusive 'one-of-a-kind' wilderness adventure. highlights: epupa falls & kunene river, kaokoland & himba tribe, cheetah sanctuary, ovamboland, etosha national park, waterberg national park.








14-day okavango delta & wildlife
unique ranger-guided 'one-of-kind' safari exploring the 'old africa' namibian okavango delta & okavango-tribal region, etosha wildlife. tribes, scenery, wildlife. our favourite safari to tailor-made and extend with more days and destinations. 
        







14-day tribes & wildlife
this unique safari combines the highlights of the diverse wildlife-rich etosha park with the tribal cultures of the 'first people of africa' the san, the traditional himba tribe, creating an 
			  old style 'out-of-africa' safari of campfires, sunsets and adventure.
            







20-day exclusive namibia
this ultimate safari adventure captures the spectacular diversity of namibia, ranging from the sossusvlei & namib-naukluft park, etosha park wildlife, ever-green namibian okavango delta, swakopmund & skeleton coast, rugged damaraland, different tribes ++
            







your private ranger-guide
need a specialist for guiding, driving, logistics and safety needs? sit back and enjoy your private safari while your ranger-guide take care of the finer details, guiding and driving to make your adventure extra-ordinary.
            









guest reviews
talk to us!







br rangers, burning man, usa
"we had the most amazing experience last month, travelling with christian as our guide. chris is a walking encyclopedia when it comes to tracking, animal behavior and even survival in the wild. we spent 17 days with him through out namibia, covering all the highlights. highly recommended."








kitty frazer, tennessee
"chrigi is a man who over decades has built a deep relationship with nature. he's happy to share that with any who travel with him. his knowledge of flora and fauna allows him to know where to expect wildlife, and weave a rich tapestry of the ecosystem as you travel through it."








margit hofbauer, austria
"christian is extremely professional. his knowledge is amazing. he goes out of his way to make sure your holiday is a most memorable experience. i will be traveling again with him soon."












encyclopedia afrikana






index i


african fauna and flora
 guide to wildlife, birds, insects and plants.



tribes of africa
africa is a very large continent with many tribes and diverse ethnic peoples, each with their own culture, language, customs and history.



african stories, legend and myths
africa has as many fables and tales as it has people. 
				short african stories by "chrigi, ranger of the san clan".




african countries
general information on the history, culture and location of countries in africa.





index ii


tribal customs and traditions
information on african customs relating to tribal traditions, marraige, birth, funerals and beliefs.



traditional african food
traditional food with the odd recipe. a work in proggress.



bushcraft
traditional bush-craft used for making various things to make it easier to survive in the african wilderness.



traditional / bush medicines
african traditional herbs and plants used for healing purposes.







index iii


southern african accommodation
a selection of recommended establishments.



geocaching 
				safaris
combining 'geocaching' & safaris = "first only one-of-a-kind" african geocaching safaris.



southern african day tours
recommended selection of day tours in southern africa



self-drive tours
information on self-guided and self-drive tours on offer by our travel partners.



kayaking
kayaking adventures on the namibian atlantic ocean coast.



exclusive specialist safaris
custom-designed specialist photographic, birding or cultural trips.





index iv


photo gallery
image archive on all things african.



books - -
				research - -
				- credits
recommended selection of books and research from old africa explorers.



overlanding adventures
what is 'overlanding' truck adentures and is it for you?.



namibia reisen
afrika safari rundreise spezialist.



how to book a safari
procedures on booking a safari and the booking conditions.









address

okakango river estate, okahandja, namibia.


opening hours

mon-fri: 08:00 am - 06:00 pm
sat-sun: 08:00 am - 02:00 pm



contact info

phone: +264 (0) 812574632 whatsapp: +27 83 337 99 33
email: safaris@gateway-africa.com
      









©2020 gateway africa - all rights reserved.











