




















premium synthetic woodwind reeds | légère reeds











































products  saxophone reeds clarinet reeds oboe reeds bassoon reeds   need to know  strength charts sound challenge why they work caring for your reeds faqs beta testing   how to buy  customers become a retailer find a distributor exchange of strength   artists  saxophone clarinet oboe bassoon   our story  our story the légère guarantee the légère studio patents privacy policy           


products  saxophone reeds clarinet reeds oboe reeds bassoon reeds   need to know  strength charts sound challenge why they work caring for your reeds faqs beta testing   how to buy  customers become a retailer find a distributor exchange of strength   artists  saxophone clarinet oboe bassoon   our story  our story the légère guarantee the légère studio patents privacy policy   


 légère produces premium synthetic clarinet, saxophone, bassoon and oboe reeds. they are used by players in the most prestigious orchestras and on stages around the world. légère reeds produce a warm, vibrant sound while remaining consistent and playable for a very long time.





 saxophone reeds instant response, highly durable and consistent every time. légère saxophone reeds are available in classic, signature, and american cuts and a variety of cuts and strength to satisfy all styles of playing. clarinet reeds légère clarinet reeds respond instantly providing long-lasting, orchestral-grade sound, every time. the reeds are available in classic, signature, and european cuts and multiple strengths to accommodate both jazz and orchestral players. oboe reeds légère synthetic oboe reeds are available for the european scrape oboe in strengths medium-soft, medium and medium-hard. they deliver consistency, durability and an instant response without any need for adjustment. bassoon reeds légère synthetic bassoon reeds deliver consistency, durability and instant response. the result is a reed which is perfectly balanced and has the right combination of tip thickness, heart, and flexibility. the légère reeds story  
 products the signatures are designed to achieve a warm, bright and vibrant sound. they produce a full spectrum of harmonic overtones while requiring minimal effort from the player. strength charts unsure what your new strength is? the comprehensive strength charts compare traditional cane strengths to the matching légère reed strength for both clarinet and saxophone. double reeds created with the same unique polymer, precision and computer-controlled accuracy as the single reeds, légère oboe and bassoon reeds are now heard in the most prestigious orchestras in the world.

  corrado giuffredi, clarinetist principal clarinet, orchestra della svizzera italiana  gerald albright, saxophonist american jazz legend  roni gal-ed, oboist world-renowned chamber oboistdiscover all endorsing artists



  products strength charts sound challenge beta testing 
  faq online store contact us exchange of strength 
        copyright © 2025 légère reeds ltd.
  retailers























