


















	westland london | antique fireplaces, antique chimneypieces & architectural antiques

















	this site requires javascript for certain functions and interactions to work. please turn on javascript for the best possible experience.









specialists in antique fireplaces & architectural antiques since 1969





homeantique fireplaces & accessoriesdecorative & architecturallatest stockbrowse stockpremier stockabout usmeet the teamtestimonialscontactblogblogsarticles











shortlist




you are here:

home





menu



















































































keyboard_arrow_left


keyboard_arrow_right







antique fireplaces & architectural antiques london
welcome to westland london
at westland london, we have over 50 years' experience dealing in prestigious antique fireplaces and fine decorative antiques. our large london showroom is home to our collection, and our website is updated every week with our latest discoveries.
we have built a reputation for dealing in the finest chimneypieces and have amassed one of the largest and best global collections. with an international reputation for quality, our fireplaces and antiques are painstakingly restored in-house and grace homes all over the world.


browse our collection


                                    295 willesden lanelondon, nw2 5hy
                                

                                    tube: willesden green (jubliee line)
                                


 tel: +44 (0) 207 739 8094
 e-mail: westland@westlandlondon.com













latest stock











fine antique french box lock in gilt brass 
stock no. 12243
£850 + vat












exceptionally rare chimneypiece by robert adam 
stock no. 6625
poa












rare richard foster georgian chimneypiece with sea shells 
stock no. 16641
£16,000 + vat












finely carved louis xvi carrara marble fireplace 
stock no. 14250
poa












ornate gilt brass and steel fender 
stock no. 16612
£1,600 + vat












elegant ten branch crystal chandelier 
stock no. 16664
£3,200 + vat












five branch crystal chandelier 
stock no. 16662
£1,200 + vat












gilded rococo wall lights 
stock no. 14955
£850 + vat












large and ornate régence hall lantern 
stock no. 16261
£1,200 + vat












rare pair of louis xv seravezza marble chimneypieces 
stock no. 16724
£46,000 + vat












baroque four branch chandelier in brass 
stock no. 16684
£520 + vat












silver plated baroque style chandelier 
stock no. 16247
£680 + vat












small and rare queen anne fire basket in brass and steel 
stock no. 16732
£5,700 + vat












grand and beautifully carved belgian arched fireplace 
stock no. 16674
£22,000 + vat












ornate pair of french gilt brass floral wall lights 
stock no. 16611
£2,800 + vat












 huge victorian arch rouge royale marble fireplace 
stock no. 16573
£8,500 + vat












18th century italian rococo wall mirror with mercury glass 
stock no. 16696
£2,800 + vat












large and rare antique chinoiserie chandelier 
stock no. 16512
£2,200 + vat








sold




fine ebonised wellington chest with inlay 
stock no. 16737
sold












pair of large cast iron garden urns on stands 
stock no. 16733
£2,250 + vat








browse our collection by category



antique fireplaces by period



antique fireplaces by material



fireplace accessories



antique & vintage lighting



antique mirrors



antique furniture & carpets



antique pictures & clocks



antique sculpture



antique decorative items



architectural antiques



antique & vintage garden ornamentation



antique columns & plinths









antique fireplaces by period

renaissance, gothic, jacobean
baroque, mannerist, bolections
rococo, louis xv
french, louis xvi, empire
english regency
neo-classical, georgian
victorian & edwardian
art nouveau, art deco, arts & crafts



antique fireplaces by material

marble
stone
wood
cast iron and ceramic



fireplace accessories

antique fire grates & baskets
antique hob grates
antique register grates & inserts
antique andirons, firedogs & chenets
antique fenders
antique firetools
antique firescreens
antique firebacks & panels
other antiques



antique & vintage lighting

chandeliers
wall lights etc
ceiling lights & lanterns
lamps & candlesticks




antique mirrors


antique furniture & carpets

antique furniture
carpets



antiques pictures & clocks

antique pictures
clocks



antique sculpture


antique decorative items


architectural antiques

panelling, overmantles
doors & windows
grills, gates and chapter rings



antique & vintage garden ornamentation


antique columns & plinths








our antique collection
westland london supply a varied range of original antiques of exceptional quality and style to suit any home and any room. our location has offered a distinctive setting in which to display our growing collection - visitors will find antique fireplaces, panelled rooms, fountains and sculptures presented in our galleries. we are constantly driven to source, restore and present an extensive and impressive collection of antique fire surrounds, fire grates, lighting and ornamentation.
antique fireplaces
our antique fireplaces, chimneypieces and fireplace mantels make up one of the most comprehensive collections in the world. we have an expansive range of antique fire surrounds which represent style changes across the centuries - each period is reflected in different design features, materials and embellishments. the addition of an antique fireplace brings distinctive architectural and decorative features to any interior - different period styles can be beautifully integrated into either modern or traditional homes. westland london’s antique chimneypiece collection is the largest in the uk - our pieces display examples of age old crafts and skills unlikely to be found in such breadth elsewhere.
shipping
we can arrange quotes for uk and worldwide insured door-to-door delivery, shipping, packing and crating if required. click here for more information on our shipping services.


architectural antiques & other items
not just satisfied with our extensive collection of antique fireplaces and fireplace mantels, we are also passionate about sourcing period fireplace accessories, such as firescreens, fire baskets and hob grates. other antique pieces, ranging from exquisite chandeliers to garden statuary and fountains, can be found in our galleries among the gothic splendour of st michael’s church in shoreditch. so whether you’re looking to make a statement with an antique fire surround or for something more subtle, we can help you find the perfect antiques for your home. we’re sure we can find something to suit any taste from our stunning collection of antique pieces embodying styles and features from across the centuries. please do not hesitate to contact us to discuss any of your requirements.
inhouse restoration
our craftsmen are passionate in their pursuit of meticulously restoring and conserving antique chimneypieces and other fine antiques. we strive to use traditional materials and techniques from the 18th and 19th century to maintain the authentic appearance of our antique fire surrounds and other prestigious pieces.



































starstarstarstarstar_half


40 reviews on google




follow us on










 +44 (0) 207 739 8094
 westland@westlandlondon.com



                        295 willesden lane, london, nw2 5hy
                        tube: willesden green (jubilee line)
                    



enjoy antique pieces? subscribe to our newsletter!
            


copyright © westland london 1969 - . images and text all rights reserved.





this website uses cookies to offer the best possible experience. by continuing to use the site you are agreeing to our usage of cookies. find out more or close x













