






brookfield farm



















































brookfield farm



home


join now



about us
about the farm
staff
growing practices
what is a csa?
annual seedling sale
outreach
farm-based ed
renewable energy
bfct, inc.
annual newsletters
history
contact and directions



csa
on-farm distribution
boston area distribution
senior shares
winter share



for shareholders
shoptalk - winter season
shoptalk - regular season
what's in the boston box
pick your own
renew your share
make a payment
crops we grow
recipes



get involved
donate here
annual fund
calendar
volunteer
food access and affordability programs
donate solar credits
land legacy campaign



farmer training
join our weeder team
apprenticeship
past apprentices
crop planning spreadsheets















home/
join now/
about us/about the farmstaffgrowing practiceswhat is a csa?annual seedling saleoutreachfarm-based edrenewable energybfct, inc.annual newslettershistorycontact and directions
csa/on-farm distributionboston area distributionsenior shareswinter share
for shareholders/shoptalk - winter seasonshoptalk - regular seasonwhat's in the boston boxpick your ownrenew your sharemake a paymentcrops we growrecipes
get involved/donate hereannual fundcalendarvolunteerfood access and affordability programsdonate solar creditsland legacy campaign
farmer training/join our weeder teamapprenticeshippast apprenticescrop planning spreadsheets









































nourishing the community since 1986




brookfield farm
nourishing the community since 1986











home/
join now/
about us/about the farmstaffgrowing practiceswhat is a csa?annual seedling saleoutreachfarm-based edrenewable energybfct, inc.annual newslettershistorycontact and directions
csa/on-farm distributionboston area distributionsenior shareswinter share
for shareholders/shoptalk - winter seasonshoptalk - regular seasonwhat's in the boston boxpick your ownrenew your sharemake a paymentcrops we growrecipes
get involved/donate hereannual fundcalendarvolunteerfood access and affordability programsdonate solar creditsland legacy campaign
farmer training/join our weeder teamapprenticeshippast apprenticescrop planning spreadsheets











































shareholders! time to renew your share! read about it here. not a shareholder but want a share? sign up here.




    join our csa
  



thank you to our donorswe are delighted to announce that we are grateful to close 2024 with a strong annual fund campaign.  thanks to all of you, we had our most successful campaign yet raising $17,725 surpassing our budgetary goal and setting the farm up to finish the year in a financially strong position.brookfield farm has been an intergenerational community gathering place for 38 years. we have seen children come to the farm with their parents and grow up and then bring there children to the farm. we say we are farming for the future and generations to come. though we are living in ever changing times and we are learning how to manage climate change, with our supportive community, we know the farm will continue to thrive for our children's children.thank you again to everyone who donated this year and to all who join us on our annual farm journey of the csa. we wish everyone peace, health and lots of veggies in the new year.your farmers,kerry and max




    give now
  










thinking of sunshine and the warmth of our community coming together on these chilly january days.





about uswhat is brookfield farm?we are a 120-acre mixed farm (vegetables and livestock) in amherst, ma offering csa shares to the pioneer valley and the greater boston area.as an early adopter of community supported agriculture in the us, we've been at this for 30 years - providing our shareholders with a meaningful connection to their food and their farm through bountiful and high quality produce, a shared experience of reality, risk and seasonality, and a place to pause and recreate. our shareholders who have been with us 20+ years can tell you: this is sustainable, the real deal. read more about our farm, our staff, our csa, and our apprentice program.















view fullsize










what's happeningfeels like magicamongst the dirty roots in a dark root cellar tucked away is a little but of magic.  read about it here.










winter kale is still tasty but wear spikes if you are going out on the farm fields.





good food for allthank you!thank you to all of you wonderful generous farm friends who have donated to our week long campaign for food access.  together we raised $4,400 to support our food donation work here at brookfield farm.  the spirit of community at brookfield farm is strong and together we can help everyone have a bit of brookfield farm's fresh and healthy produce on their plates.more information about the food access fund:at brookfield farm, we believe everyone deserves access to healthy locally grown produce.  that's why two years ago we pioneered our food access program. by partnering with area organizations like the amherst survival center and rachel's table of western massachusetts, we donated over 8,000 lbs of produce last year to area pantries throughout hampshire and franklin county. as harvests have started rolling in this year, we have already donated hundreds of pounds of produce.we want to extend a huge thank you to our 2024 sponsorsgreenfield saving bank, greenfield northampton cooperative bank,people's bank, easthampton savings bank and florence bank who have generously donated $2,000 to support our food access work this year.  if you are a customer at one of these institutions, please thank them for helping us grow our reach into our greater community.




    donate now
  



stay in touchsign up with your email address to receive news and updates from the farm




    sign up
  





view fullsize








 

csa




    join our summer csa
  




    learn more about the share
  



in their wordsshareholders' say




“the farm is one of the most important places on the planet to me”

— chris, shareholder




“there is a grace and ease and hospitality that makes brookfield farm one of my very favorite places on this good earth. ”

— lynn, shareholder




“i am grateful to you and the crew of mostly young folks who work so hard to grow this stuff. i never had those feelings towards the campbell’s soup guys or archer daniels midland. ”

— paul, shareholder























find brookfield on the web































find brookfield on earth24 hulst rd. amherst ma 01002contact us 




 


 


 




























  



 



