






new hampshire law firm - normand higham - new hampshire lawyers

















































normand higham




about
our attorneys & legal services in new hampshire
jim normand
maureen higham



injury
injury information
personal injury
workers compensation



estate planning
estate planning - wills and probate
estate planning - elder law



other legal services
bankruptcy
business law
real estate law


blog


client testimonials


contact















about/our attorneys & legal services in new hampshirejim normandmaureen higham
injury/injury informationpersonal injuryworkers compensation
estate planning/estate planning - wills and probateestate planning - elder law
other legal services/bankruptcybusiness lawreal estate law
blog/
client testimonials/
contact/









































attorneys at law




normand higham











about/our attorneys & legal services in new hampshirejim normandmaureen higham
injury/injury informationpersonal injuryworkers compensation
estate planning/estate planning - wills and probateestate planning - elder law
other legal services/bankruptcybusiness lawreal estate law
blog/
client testimonials/
contact/







































 normand higham provides the highest quality legal services to our clients













the attorneys at normand higham have proudly served the residents of new hampshire for over 41 years. we have established a solid reputation in the community for handling our clients’ matters with personal attention and integrity. our results-driven attorneys assist individuals and businesses with a wide range of legal issues. our areas of focus are wrongful death claims, probate administration, personal injury, wills, trusts, estates, and workers’ compensation. we understand that legal issues are often complex, and we will be with you every step of the way explaining the process in plain english. you can rely on the attorneys at normand higham to provide you with personalized legal services targeted to your specific circumstances. at normand higham, you are a valued client - not just another transaction.speak to one of our experienced attorneys today by calling 603-624-6655















 attorney jim normand  areas of expertise auto and motorcycle accidents, wrongful death settlements, probate litigation and estate planning.















“the law firm is very conveniently located. they are easy to talk to and i had no worries with them. they took over my case from another attorney who was "too busy" and just ran with it.’’ - r.d., hooksett, client testimonial



  attorney maureen higham  areas of expertise wrongful death estates, guardianships, bankruptcy, probate, wills, trusts, real estate, and corporations.



















personal injury















auto, motorcycles, falls                                                                                                           at normand | higham, we undertake personal injury and wrongful death claims related to premises liability, construction negligence, workers’ compensation, product liability and automobile accidents. our attorneys can advise you about your options and whether you may be entitled to compensation for your injury. contact our experienced manchester, nh personal injury attorneys for a free consultation. view our injury awards ›elder law















estate planning, guardianships, trusts, powers of attorney last will and testament, revocable trust, irrevocable trust, transfer  of real estate, care for a dependent disabled adult, nursing home  consideration, guardianships, powers of attorney and protection in your  own home are all important planning considerations.  the law firm of normand | higham has been assisting individuals and families with their planning decisions since 1980.  learn more about elder law here.  



estate planning















estate planning, guardianships, probate avoidanceprobate courts can be complicated and have long delays. protect and safeguard your assets with a will and trust that will help you - and your family - down the road. for over 41 years, our estate planning lawyers in new hampshire have acted as experienced guides and advocated for clients’ estate planning needs and goals. from living trusts to wills, our team of attorneys is here to assist you. learn more about estate planning >                                           corporate & business law















business formations, articles of incorporation, business services we provide counsel to businesses in a wide range of industries and professions. our business law attorneys’ skills and experience allow us to formulate practical and effective solutions for everyday matters, as well as complex transactions.  as our clients’ advocates, we seek the most economical and timely solutions to achieve the results that protect your business.  learn more >



workers’ compensation















work related accidents or illnesses                                                                                        under new hampshire worker’s compensation law, an employee who is injured by a work-related accident or illness is entitled to numerous benefits including weekly disability payments, payment of medical bills and partial weekly payments if only able to return to work for light duty. there are also other benefits including permanent impairment awards, vocational rehabilitation benefits, job protection and others. it is important to know your rights!bankruptcy law













chapters 7 & 11did you know that approximately every 30 seconds, an american files for bankruptcy protection after a serious health problem. bankruptcy could stop harassing phone calls from creditors and save your house, car and pension plans. your family deserves a fresh start. it is time to speak to a bankruptcy lawyer in new hampshire to understand your rights.



latest news & information






featured

























your auto insurance may cover you and your family on bicycles when hit by a car 






read more →


























2019 new hampshire truck/motorcycles crash ntsb investigation conclusions released






read more →

















 


 






























disclaimer | privacy policy | attorney referrals | careers | contact































(603) 624-6655                                                           15 high street                                                                                                    manchester, nh 03101                                                                                      























© 2021 normand | higham, p. a.





 



