







the official website of the township of north bergen, nj - home




























you don't have javascript enabled. please enable it...



 
























 translate



























recreation





tax collector





courts





forms





nb connect





















news & events
official notices
archives



















resources





                            community events
                        












                            upcoming meetings
                        












                            budgets & audits
                        












                            elected officials
                        












                            departments
                        












township links




social media








         view this post on instagram           to keep updated on north bergen news, sign up for the weekly online newsletter. every monday you’ll get an email filled with links to information about upcoming and recent events. stay informed about local news and ensure you know what activities are coming to your neighborhood. to sign up simply go to the bottom of the township web page at www.northbergen.org and enter your email address where it says, “stay in touch with your township.” you won’t receive anything other than weekly updates filled with town information and events. #northbergen a post shared by  township of north bergen (@township_of_northbergen) on apr 5, 2019 at 2:06pm pdt













job bank









forms









tax collector




































previous



next









stay in touch with your township
sign up for all north bergen notifications


 








                        like us on facebook
                    




                        follow us on x
                    




                        follow us on instagram
                    









elected officials






meetings & events

monthly calendar
annual schedules




contact us
the township of north bergen, nj

                            4233 kennedy boulevard
                            north bergen,
                            nj,
                            07047
                        
tel: 201-392-2000





                        © the township of north bergen, nj. all rights reserved. developed by alphadog solutions -
                        terms of use - social media policy
if you have any trouble with accessing information contained within this website, please contact the clerk’s office.
                    

 translate website










×
translate website








ok


















































please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility

