 



















			child care center | hvcc
		
		



skip to main content



hudson valley community college
menu



campus map
directories
giving
library
athletics



i am a...

student
parent
faculty & staff member
employer
community member & resident
alumni





about usexpand/collapse



president's office
board of trustees
administration
middle states accreditation
faculty & staff awards


advisory committees
emeriti
foundation
faculty student association
projects


news
events
meet hvcc
history
global initiatives


college catalog
policies
consumer information
visit us
location & directions





programs & coursesexpand/collapse



by subject
degrees & certificates
online
evening
spring start


courses
microcredentials
honors college
summer sessions


educational opportunity center
high school programs & partnerships
workforce development & community education
kids on campus
motorcycle rider


corporate programs and customized training
apprenticeships
bachelor programs on-campus





admissions & aidexpand/collapse



get started
apply to a program
register for a course
admissions events
academic advisement & course scheduling


placement testing
new student orientation
educational opportunity program (eop)
advancing success in associate pathways (asap)
international students


tuition & fees
financial aid
scholarships
loans





student servicesexpand/collapse



academic support
learning centers
library
disability services


veterans & military
health services
student success center
counseling & wellness services


bookstore
career & transfer center
child care center
campus ministry


legal services





campus lifeexpand/collapse



athletics
clubs
events


cultural affairs
teaching gallery


nearby housing
food services


student activities
student senate
student newspaper







searchsearchclose search












        child care center
            







home
student services
child care center











student services
toggle student services menu


toggle academic support services menu
academic support services

toggle center for academic engagement menucenter for academic engagementservices and supportprogramsstaffvision, mission and goaltoggle learning centers menulearning centerslearning assistance center (lac)computer learning center (clc) writing and research centeronline evening tutoringin-person tutoring schedulesworkshops and programsinternational language lab



toggle bookstore menu
bookstore

toggle textbooks menutextbooksbook buy backtextbook rental agreementclothing and souvenirsrequired suppliesother merchandisesales and promotionsfrequently asked questionsreturn policy



toggle campus ministry menu
campus ministry

places of worship



toggle career & transfer center menu
career & transfer center

toggle career services  menucareer services college workerjob search, civil service, internship and volunteer databasesemployers and partnerscareer coachtoggle transfer services menutransfer servicestransfer planning and resourcestransfer opportunities & articulation agreementstransfer institutionsprogram-to-program transfer agreementstransfer scholarship informationfour-year college representativestoggle events menueventsmeet with transfer repsemployers on campus



toggle counseling and wellness services menu
counseling and wellness services

toggle mental health programs & services menumental health programs & servicescounselingcrime victim servicesmental health screeningwellness programs and servicesfinancial aid appeal for unsatisfactory academic progress statusresources for faculty & staff


child care center

toggle disability services menu
disability services

accommodations & alternative testinggeneral services & eligibilityassistive technologycampus accessibility, policies and protocolssign up to be a peer note-takertoggle faculty & staff resources menufaculty & staff resourcescourse syllabus disclosure statementnote-taker accommodation procedureabout us



toggle health services menu
health services

formsafter hours care centersimmunization and vaccination requirementsmeningitis on campusdrug and alcohol abusepatient bill of rightscollege physician appointments


legal services for students

toggle student success center menu
student success center

success amongst student parents (sasp) program



toggle veterans and military-connected students menu
veterans and military-connected students

veterans resource and outreach center (vet-roc)toggle dwyer veterans peer support program of rensselaer county menudwyer veterans peer support program of rensselaer countyabout the programpeer to peer mentor programveterans crisis lineveteran benefits and scholarships











the viking child care center provides safe, affordable and high-quality child care for students and the community with children between the ages of 6 weeks to 5 years old.





play video






close video





about the child care center


                    hear from parents and teachers about how the viking child care center can care for your child.
                  



watch about the child care center on vimeo.com


                        the center is operated by the faculty student association of hudson valley community college, inc., a not-for-profit corporation, and is licensed by the new york state office of children and family services. the center also is accredited by the national association for the education of young children (naeyc) and participates in qualitystarsny, new york state’s quality rating and improvement system for early childhood programs.

learn more



expand all
collapse all


enrollment policy

enrollment is based on a first come, first served policy as follows:

hudson valley students requesting full time care.
hudson valley faculty and staff requesting full time care.
external community requesting full time care.

back to top



staff

the center’s professionally trained staff consists of a director, assistant director, program assistant, 22 full-time teachers and a kitchen aide.
staff members are assisted by work study students, student interns and service learners from the college’s education, nursing and human services programs.
back to top



tuition

there are grant funds available to assist parents attending hudson valley community college with tuition for their children. students who do not meet eligibility for grants may receive a 25 percent discount on the rensselaer county child care market rates.
a current copy of the tuition cost will be provided during your first visit to the center.
parents are able to make online recurring payments through the parent portal of the center's sandbox daycare management software.
back to top



 program content

our program is designed toward meeting children's increasing physical, intellectual, and social competencies. the goals are centered not just on content but on the process of learning. children need to know: how to learn, how to think, how to love, how to communicate, how to make decisions, how to organize, how to create, and how to value.
the center provides opportunities to work alone and in groups; opportunities to select and choose, to talk and listen, to express feelings to teachers and to other children. we want children to be initiators as well as doers, to help plan experiences, to participate in activities which have open ended solutions and to participate in activities that are challenging, but not frustrating.
children enrolled will be offered a variety of developmental activities designed to meet their individual needs. activities designed to assist in physical development would include climbing apparatus, balance boards, tricycles, music and dance, tumbling, playing with balls and bean bags as well as providing adequate health care, nutrition education and an emphasis on safety. small motor development will be encouraged through the use of puzzles, beads, scissors, crayons and pencils, peg boards, play dough, and other manipulative toys and games. activities designed to assist in social-emotional development would include such things as dramatic play and puppetry, story time, conversation time, lock play, water and sand play, music and movement, and creative art.
activities designed to assist in intellectual development would include block play; table games which encourage sorting, matching, classifying, making comparisons, counting, 1-1 correspondence, naming, describing, memory skills, sequencing, etc. as well as activities which encourage language development, mathematics, science and art.
the environment and program are carefully planned to meet the needs of young children for play, companionship, and individual attention. the program is flexible, recognizes children as individuals and provides for development at their own pace. there is a dependable sequence of daily events and a clear orderliness to the arrangement of equipment and materials to provide stability so that children can gain confidence in their surroundings. emphasis is put on developing a positive self image in each child to foster competence, dignity, a sense of independence and pride in oneself.
back to top



 meals

breakfast, lunch, and an afternoon snack are served. the center's meals meet all nutritional requirements of the child and adult care food program sponsored by the new york state department of health.
the viking child care center has been designated by the nys child and adult care food program as a breastfeeding-friendly child care center.
back to top



history, philosophy and mission statement

the viking child care center at hudson valley community college provides safe, affordable and high-quality child care for hudson valley students and the community. the viking child care center is operated by the faculty student association of hudson valley community college, inc., a not-for-profit corporation.
our 16,000-square-foot center opened in august 2001. we are located on williams road at the southeastern end of hudson valley's campus. the center's design was included in the 2002 american school and university architectural portfolio, which is touted as "the premier showcase for education design projects."
the center offers a cognitively-based program designed to meet each child's need for play, companionship and individual attention. the program is flexible, recognizes children as individuals, and provides opportunities for children to develop at their own pace.
our staff recognizes the importance of a positive self image for each child, and the role it plays in fostering competence, dignity, a sense of independence and pride in oneself.
above all our center staff recognizes that you are entrusting to our care your most precious gift, your child.
mission statementthe mission of the viking child care center is to provide safe, affordable, high quality child care for the students of hudson valley community college and the community. in doing so, we support families in their efforts to reach their goals.
back to top






waiting list application\
parent portal




get in touch



viking child care center




day care center, upper level
(518) 629-4506 
vikingdaycare@hvcc.edu
hours: monday through friday, 7:30 a.m. - 5:30 p.m.













be bold.
be a viking.





the smart choice.

apply
visit
give

back to top






hudson valley community college




          80 vandenburgh avetroy, ny 12180
        
contact us


(518) 629-4822 
1-877-325-4822 - toll free 
        (518) 629-7596 - tdd/tty
      





search




facebook
instagram
twitter
tik tok
youtube
linkedin
sign up for our e-newsletter







schools

business and liberal arts
health sciences
science, technology, engineering and math (stem)




i am a...

student
parent
faculty & staff member
employer
community member & resident
alumni




shortcuts

d2l brightspace
webmail
wired
locations
library
directories




institution

employment
site accessibility
privacy policy
title ix compliance
tobacco-free college








      © 2025 hudson valley community college. all rights reserved.
    

      a state university of new york collegesponsored by rensselaer county
    

























