


computer science | usu
























utah state university sites use cookies. by continuing to use this site you accept our privacy and cookie policy.
								i agree
							skip to content







apply
visit
give
calendar
a-z index
directory
libraries









quick links
								
myusu
search
								








	computer science


	college of science







close search



search utah state university:

i want to search
all usu sites
people

search termssubmit search











computer scienceopen main menu

 close
						open search


about 


 close
about us





department history
news
faqs
graduate
undergraduate






students 
		



 close
students





prospective students

admissions
new student admission requirements
apply


transfer credit
general transfer information
transfer credit


new students
freshman first semester registration guide
freshman orientation
math placement exam
parent of a new student



undergraduate students

undergraduate program overview
pre-professional program
bachelor's degree requirements
5 year bs/ms
cs minors
challenge & competency exams
online certificates
apply for graduation



graduate students

graduateprogram overview
graduate course authorization
computer science ms plan a
computer science ms plan b
master of computer science
data science ms
phd
statewide option



student resources

cs mentoring center
math & stats tutoring
course descriptions
software tools
careers & employment
clubs & organizations
policies & forms
code of conduct
travel award
scholarships








advising


research 


 close
research


recent funding
research areas
research interests




directory 


 close
directory


faculty
staff




assessment 


 close
assessment


undergraduate assessment
graduate assessment




employment


contact us



quick links
					
 closequick links


apply
visit
give
calendar
a-z index
directory
libraries



myusu








computer science








681 


students
2023-2024




122


bachelor degrees awarded
2023-2024




41


graduate degrees awarded
2023-2024

the department of computer science has moved to its new location in the science engineering research (ser) building. the main office is on the 3rd floor. 
 







undergraduate programs


the computer science department offers multiple programs for undergraduate students including:

bs computer science
5-year combined bs/ms in computer science
computer science minor
computer science teaching minor




undergraduate programs








graduate programs


the computer science department offers several programs for graduate students including:

two options for computer science ms
master of computer science
data science ms
computer science phd




graduate programs











from the desk of the department head



dr. xiaojun qi, professor and department head




welcome to the utah state university department of computer science. our undergraduate and graduate programs prepare students to enter exciting and fulfilling careers. located in beautiful logan, utah, our students enjoy a balance of outdoor adventures and academic rigor. usu computer science faculty members are engaged in groundbreaking research projects, and they are working with collaborators around the world to shape the future.our department offers a variety of opportunities for those who wish to pursue an education in computer science. the bachelor of science in computer science, computer science minor, and computer science teaching minor provide undergraduate students with foundational skills and extensive instruction that will prepare them for careers in computer science. we also offer five different online certificates focused on computer science teaching, software development, web and mobile development, and cloud computing.our graduate programs provide students with opportunities to learn from rigorous coursework and engage in cutting-edge research.the master of science in computer science and doctor of philosophy in computer science provide students with the opportunity of working with our research faculty members, who have expertise in the following areas: artificial intelligence, algorithms, augmented virtual reality, computer science education, computer vision, cybersecurity, data science/data mining, data visualization and visual analytics, database systems, high performance computing and scientific visualization, information and communication technology for development (ict4d), and human computer interaction.the master of science in data science offers students the opportunity to explore the growing fields of data science, big data, data analytics, data mining, data visualization, machine learning, multimedia analysis, and database systems.our department also offers the master of computer science (mcs) coursework-only option. this professional degree is a great option for individuals with a bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related field who would like to pursue additional education to further themselves in their career. it is also available to individuals who are interested in a career pivot to computer science, but prerequisite courses may be required prior to matriculation into the program.we are excited to welcome you to the department, and we hope to see you around campus soon!- dr. xiaojun qi, professor and department head






recent news












												read story 
											




january 9, 2025
on the move: campus community invited to usu computer science open house friday, jan. 17

department of computer science celebrates impressive accomplishments, along with move to new location in the science engineering research building, featuring creative spaces to foster collaboration, creativity, research and academic success.










												read story 
											




december 10, 2024
here comes the sun: usu computer scientists develop models to predict extreme solar phenomena

soukaina filali boubrahimi and shah muhammad hamdi lead nsf-funded research to craft a comprehensive solar flare catalog of images and data, along with data-driven, machine learning models poised to deploy in an operational environment.







the computer science department is proud to announce the 2023-2024 outstanding student award winners.
outstanding pre-professional computer science student: iain mcmurray
outstanding junior computer science student: emma lynn
outstanding senior computer science student: maxwell edwards
outstanding undergraduate students were selected based on their superior academic achievement and significant contributions to the computer science department, utah state university, and the community.
outstanding graduate student: xiao han
best graduate teaching assistant: muhammad fawad akbar khan
the outstanding graduate student was selected based on the number of scientific publications produced and the dissertation work generated from the publications and recommendations from faculty members. the best graduate teaching assistant (gta) was selected based on good standing in their cs graduate program, a history of gta employment, contributing above and beyond expectations, and faculty nomination letters.
students each received a plaque to commemorate their achievements.  their names will be added to the plaques which hang in the computer science department. in addition, the best gta will receive a $5,000 summer graduate research assistantship.
please join me in congratulating our outstanding cs students!
i am also delighted to announce the computer science department’s 2023-2024 faculty award winners. each winner demonstrates exceptional qualities with outstanding efforts in the following areas.
service excellence award: dr. mario harper
research excellence award: dr. shah muhammad hamdi
teaching excellence award: dr. dean mathias
in addition, i want to congratulate our cs faculty member honored at the college level this year.
college of science’s faculty researcher of the year award: dr. soukaina filali boubrahimi
i know that you will join me in thanking all of them for their amazing contributions to the cs department, the college of science, and utah state university.
i appreciate everyone’s flexibility, hard work, and commitment to our current and prospective cs students. thanks so much to all our wonderful faculty members for raising the level of excellence in this cs program every year.
xiaojun













computer science





contact


4205 old main hilloffice: 3rd floor (ser) buildinglogan, ut 84322(435) 797-2451

			email: usucs@aggies.usu.edu





directory




faculty directory
staff directory






employment




assistant/associate professor






accreditation




abet accreditation commission
















maps & directions
search usu
campus safety
jobs
contact




terms of use
copyright
privacy
accessibility
non-discrimination
admin





back to top of the page


