






texarkana museum, local museums | texarkana, tx & texarkana, ar | texarkana museums system







































































homemuseum of regional historyace of clubsupcoming eventsabout usvolunteersgallerytestimonials
be a membercontact uscurrent members
  donations
 




 (903) 793-4831texarkana museums system






desk_dl



welcome to texarkana museums system!
visit our local museums in the texarkana, tx and texarkana, ar area
 learn more today




mob_dl



welcome to texarkana museums system!
visit our local museums in the texarkana, tx and texarkana, ar area
 learn more today










mission statement

texarkana museums system offers high-quality learning experiences focused on history, science, art, and music. tms is committed to the collection and conservation of materials, the preservation of buildings it holds, and the enhancement of cultural opportunities and quality of life for all its residents.










step back in time at texarkana museums system
there's so much to explore at our local museum in texarkana, tx and texarakana, ar.

it's easy to get wrapped up in history when you visit the texarkana museums system. from scott joplin artifacts to late congressman wright patman's office replica, to the rich cultural heritage of the caddo indians, our local museum in texarkana, tx and texarkana, ar has countless different exhibits to explore. it's the perfect place to beat the heat or avoid the rain while learning something new. hours of operation:monday: closedtuesday: 10 am-5 pmwednesday: 10 am-5 pmthursday: 10 am-5 pmfriday: 10 am-5 pmsaturday: 10 am-4 pmsunday: closed









museum of regional history
 learn more


ace of clubs
closed for renovations
 learn more


upcoming events
 learn more




downtown resources



 downtown map    restaurants    verona   hopkins icehouse   cafe lucille   pecan point brewery   johnny's b's diner   zapatas mexican food   tlc burgers   alley cats coffee bar    arts    1894 gallery​   raymond art gallery   perot theater    entertainment    banana club​   texarkana symphony    free digital historic walking tour    txk historical tour​   









the museum of regional history is designated as a welcome center for the downtown arts and historic district. we have additional info to make your stay an enjoyable experience. come by and see us!






we bring history to life
observe ragtime pianist scott joplin artifacts up close
 contact us now









we're always here
to give you a warm welcome

located in downtown texarkana, tx, our local museum opened in 1966 and doubles as the community welcome center for the texarkana, tx and texarkana, ar area. tourists can come to us if they need restaurant recommendations or directions to local attractions. plus, we have all kinds of brochures, so you're sure to get the help you need.if you're new to the area or you're just passing through, stop by our texarkana museum today. we can't wait to meet you!










see what we have to offer

whether you're 15 years old or 55 years old, you're sure to learn something new at our texarkana museum. we encourage you to: immerse yourself in our exhibitspurchase historical memorabilia at one of our events  want to keep coming back to our texarkana museum? become a volunteer today!  




map
























 





	copyright © 2025 texarkana museums system, all rights reserved.
	219 n state line ave,  texarkana, tx 75501  

                (903) 793-4831
            






 

 menu











 




homemuseum of regional historyace of clubsupcoming eventsabout usvolunteersgallerytestimonials
be a membercontact uscurrent members
  donations
 













