











computer science | worcester polytechnic institute















			skip to main content
		












      menu
    

 

 









beyond these towers
    



 

 

      search
    







mega menu first column


project-based learning

 


a project-based education


pbl in higher education


lifelong impact 




academics

 


degrees and certificates


departments & programs


undergraduate studies


graduate studies


pre-collegiate outreach


online graduate programs


online professional development


the stem education center


faculty


academic calendar


academic catalogs






mega menu second column


admissions & aid

 


undergraduate admissions


graduate admissions


financial aid




athletics


the student experience

 


community & culture


housing & dining


getting involved


sports & recreation


health & wellness


resources & support


the first-year experience






mega menu third column


research

 


areas of research


institutes & centers


student research


core research facilities




innovation & entrepreneurship


news & events


give to wpi




mega menu fourth column


students


parents


faculty & staff


alumni


employers & partners


k-12


media









search






common searches:


where is wpi?


interested in study abroad?


what research is wpi known for?


what is project-based learning?


does wpi have sports?









breadcrumb





 
home

 
academics

 
schools, departments & programs

 
computer science




















computer science


 













while technology and algorithms are an important part of computer science, the computing field is centered around helping people and society. in the wpi computer science department, we explore both the theory and practice behind core systems, algorithms, foundations, and design in computing. we apply these capabilities to advance humanity through intelligent tutoring, bioinformatics, human-computer interaction, security and privacy, graphics and animation, and more. our educational mission helps students learn the core of computing to apply it to help others. our research mission is to advance humanity's knowledge and create a positive impact in the world.wpi's computer science department is an incubator of interdisciplinary programs, such as in artificial intelligence, bioinformatics and computational biology, cyber security, data science, interactive media and game development, neuroscience, and learning sciences and technology. our faculty collaborate broadly to integrate computing across disciplinary boundaries.
our department fully embraces project-based learning both in our classes and as separate endeavors. we help students learn how to identify problems, evaluate potential solutions, and build the structure needed to make those solutions a reality. our graduates do more than build software tools; they build lasting, positive value.





site menu




 
sidebar menu

 




 
schools, departments & programs 


 




computer science

 


faculty & staff


hiring


research


resources

 


courses


sigbits


ai4all at wpi


comparing master’s degrees


peer mentor program




major qualifying project











contact

location:
fuller laboratories


phone:
508-831-5357


fax:
508-831-5776


					cs@wpi.edu
				  








we're hiring faculty!

computer science at wpi has several openings for full-time faculty positions for the fall 2025 academic year.




								learn more
							













					377,500
				


annual job openings through 2032
bureau of labor statistics











					best computer science ms
				


top 12 on campus and top 9 online
fortune (2024)











					$136,620
				


median salary for computer and information research scientists
bureau of labor statistics (2022)














					computer science education, the wpi way
				

click below to hear cs faculty discuss their passion for teaching, advising undergraduate projects and graduate research, ensuring that wpi students are being taught the most up-to-date curriculum, their commitment to ensuring the entire community is inclusive to all students, and their drive to help new students feel like they belong. 






















							dept head and professor craig shue
						

talks about the magic of computer science, his drive to share this passion with students in the classroom, through undergraduate projects and advising graduate research. he also shares what students can expect from the wpi experience. 

















							assistant teaching professor shubbhi taneja
						

discusses teaching at wpi, her classroom approach, advising undergraduate research projects in collaboration with outside industry leaders and the importance of these partnerships in providing students with real-world experience. 

















							senior instructor joshua cuneo
						

talks about his dedication to first-year students, creating the most up-to-date curriculum, and ensuring that the cs department and wpi community are inclusive to all students, faculty and guests.

















							assistant teaching professor sami sun
						

shares his excitement for teaching, helping new students to cs at wpi feel welcome, the importance of learning the skill of teamwork and how to apply what they have learned in the workforce.









previous
 

next
 












					putting theory into practice
				

project based learning is a pilar of the wpi academic experience. undergraduate students can work in teams across the globe to make major impacts on our community and beyond. this global project is the interactive qualifying project. the second is the major qualifying project, which is completed senior year focusing on a project in computer science. 
our graduate students and faculty work on cutting-edge research in the fields of computer science, data science, artificial intelligence, learning sciences & technology and cybersecurity just to name a few. click below to hear more! 







undergraduate mqp poster presentations















							increasing accessibility at the worcester ecotarium 
						

cs students joe fox, owen mcginley, dylan olmsted, dylan phillips and brandon vuong discuss their project in which they created an app for visually impaired users who visit the ecotarium in worcester, ma. 

















							goatconnect: connecting wpi students and alumni
						

cs students owen lehane, john mezzo, isabella pabon and harry rubin share their role in the creation of an app that connects wpi students and alumni in order to create a social and professional network. 

















							assisting learning through student mastery metrics
						

cs students justin weintraub and noah goodman talk about their project with sponsor assistments, founded by professor neil heffernan and his wife christine, in which they enhanced user experience. 









previous
 

next
 






wpi undergraduate information:



								cs undergraduate program
							



								cs courses
							



								undergraduate catalog
							






graduate student research















							clustering for confidentiality
						

adam beauchaine presents his cyber security research: clustering for confidentiality, an exploration of unsupervised learning for the security of data assets. 

















							reinforcement learning for education
						

wpi student morgan lee presents their cs research: expert features for a student support recommendation contextual bandit algorithm.

















							data-driven optimization of wire arc ded manufacturing conditions for improved bead shape prediction
						

wpi student stephen price shared his cutting-edge research in which he is trying to improve additive manufacturing techniques to create more precise and useful technologies. 









previous
 

next
 






computer science graduate degree offerings:



								computer science (ms)
							



								computer science (mcs)
							



								cyber security (ms)
							



								computer science (phd)
							



								cs courses
							



								graduate catalog
							







wpi offers two master’s degrees in computer science to help students find the right academic path to reach their career goals. find out which degree is right for you.






cs faculty highlights















							assistant professor roee shraga
						

describes his work to improve the data used by artificial intelligence systems and algorithms, specifically efficient ways to find, clean and organize data for better science.

















							associate professor sherry sun
						

shares her passion for battling cyber security attackers and how to arm defenders with the best possible tools.

















							assistant professor fabricio murai
						

discusses his current research related to fairer, faster and more accurate artificial intelligence models with graph data. 









previous
 

next
 








					 read about the accomplishments of our award winning faculty in the most recent edition of sigbits
				










	a summary of department happenings in computer science







faculty spotlights








 






							associate professor erin solovey 
						

selected as harvard radcliffe institute fellow for the 2024-2025 academic year. “stepping into the rich intellectual community created by the harvard radcliffe fellowship will provide the space and platform to engage with the wider world to identify areas where ai and computer science can help humans and the planet as well as where it may open new problems,” solovey said. “this type of intellectual exchange is much-needed right now in computer science and artificial intelligence research. the field is moving rapidly and its impact on people and the planet is substantial and growing.”









	read the full article here. 











 






							professor neil heffernan
						

has been awarded a three-year grant from the u.s. department of education’s (doe) institute of education sciences to continue his work developing an artificial intelligence (ai) tutor that can help middle-school students learn math while doing homework.









	read the full article here.











 






							professor elke rundensteiner
						

receives the prestigious ieee test-of-time award for groundbreaking visual data analytics work. this award honors articles published at previous ieee conferences, in this case in 2003, that have withstood the test of time by remaining useful 20 years later and that have had significant impact and influence on future advances within and beyond the visualization community.









	read the full article here.










previous
 

next
 











 


							our students do really well in the workforce. they are solving problems, they are able to work quicker, better and more efficiently than their peers.
							
 




											amanda laungani from the heebner career development center
										
























					careers in computer science
				

the widespread and increasing use of computers and information technology has generated a need for highly trained, innovative workers with extensive practical and theoretical expertise. the u.s. bureau of labor statistics continually predicts a faster-than-average growth rate in computer science jobs, thanks to the continued creation and adoption of new technologies.










	link to the most recent post-grad report







alumni success stories








 






							digging deep
						

to aid a fragile planet, alumni trio uses ai to improve scrap metal recycling in the face of growing demand.









	read more in the wpi journal











 






							kajsa cadwell brimdyr '92
						

the video ethnographer shows the significance of skin-to-skin contact for babies. 









	read more in the wpi journal










previous
 

next
 







				computer science provides a foundation for interdisciplinary programs
			
computer science provides a foundation for interdisciplinary programs

computer science is a vast area of study from programming to artificial intelligence, but more importantly it is an integral part of many other areas such as medicine, education, healthcare and business, just to name a few. at wpi students can study computer science as it is interconnected with many other subjects. click below to view the various interdisciplinary programs offered through the computer science department. 




								artificial intelligence
							



								bioinformatics & computational biology
							



								cybersecurity
							



								data science
							



								interactive media & game development
							



								learning sciences & technologies
							



								neuroscience
							


















meet our students









      
      giampaolo maneri '26
      
    
bs in computer science 
giampaolo thrives in wpi’s project-based learning environment, gaining varied opportunities and support for his academic and professional endeavors.[...]








	read more









      
      wilson gramer '26
      
    
bs in computer science 
wilson combines his love of teaching and technology with projects that expand what it means to work in stem. [...]








	read more









      
      shiivek agarwal '25
      
    
bs in robotics engineering and computer science  
shiivek is dedicated to fostering a welcoming and inclusive community at wpi. [...]








	read more









      
      nixon showalter '26
      
    
bs in computer science and data science 
nixon thrives in wpi’s community-focused environment through group project work and from inspiring professors. he not only gets involved with student activities but also gives back to the community. [...]








	read more









      
      evans owusu '24
      
    
bs in computer science and interactive media & game development 
evans' love of computer science has led them to discover many opportunities to contribute to campus life. [...]








	read more









      
      megan desanty '24 
      
    
bs in robotics engineering, minor in computer science 
community service projects and staying active are important parts of megan’s life, both on and off campus.  [...]








	read more








previous
 

next
 




















































the campaign for worcester polytechnic institute






              beyondthesetowers

now, more than ever, the world needs what we have created and what we do at wpi.







	be a part of it






about wpi


bookstore


canvas


careers


directories




diversity, equity, inclusion & belonging


library


offices


topics




          student well-being resources
        
worcester polytechnic institute
100 institute road
worcester,
        ma |
        01609-2280
        ph:
        508-831-5000



contact us
|
coming to campus


emergency management
|
accessibility




twitter/x



instagram
 

facebook
 

tiktok



youtube
 

linkedin
 




















