









mountain shepherd adventure school | prepare. practice. prevail.





































 







 






@alexaseleno 
coursesadventure coursesfamily adventure weekendtrail-mix coedday pack coursespeak performance coedbackpacking essentialswinter backpacking essentialswomen adventure coursessurvival essentials – women’s coursecamp adventuresstrail mix – women’s adventurepeak performance – women’s adventurecraft-your-own women’s adventuresurvival coursessurvival essentialsbushcraft essentialssurvival essentials – family coursesurvival questwilderness first aidgems campsgems: shining brightgems: digging deepergems: rock ongems: be genuinegems: crowning jewelcustom experiencesleadership & team buildingdesign your own coursewilderness inspirationsexperiential educationschedulestorestafffacilityevents and lodgingfacility activitiesblogcontact 

















courses

adventure courses

family adventure weekend
trail mix – coed adventure
day pack courses
peak performance – coed
backpacking essentials
winter backpacking essentials


women adventures

survival essentials – women’s course
camp adventuress
trail mix – women’s adventure
peak performance – women’s adventure
craft-your-own women’s adventure


survival courses

survival essentials
bushcraft essentials
survival essentials – family course
survival quest
wilderness first aid


gems camps

gems: shining bright
gems: digging deeper
gems: rock on
gems: be genuine
gems: crowning jewel


custom experiences

leadership & team building
design your own course
wilderness inspirations
experiential education




schedule
store
staff
facility

events and lodging
facility activities


blog
contact
 





select page


  
 
 


























































our mission
explore with confidence

at mountain shepherd, we believe every person, regardless of their background and level of experience, can learn to appreciate and navigate the outdoors.
mountain shepherd provides the training and skills you need to embrace your next outdoor adventure. each course and adventure we offer is focused on safety and preparedness in the outdoors.
through education and outdoor recreation, mountain shepherd aims to introduce people to new outdoor activities, to build planning and preparedness skills, and to inspire everyone to learn more about the environment and themselves. our experiences are tailored to each group of participants so every adventure is safe, personalized, challenging and exciting!

enjoy exploring the
mountain shepherd experience!





















why choose us?





our team

from appalachian trail thru-hikes to paddling, caving, and mountaineering expeditions, our instructors have decades of cumulative experience exploring the region and the world. our diverse interests have led us to pursue advanced training in skills like first aid, bushcraft, land navigation and plant identification. we’re bonded by our love of wild places and our appetite for adventure, and driven to share that passion with new friends.




our community

check your assumptions about who you’ll meet in these southern appalachian mountains. we are delighted to welcome participants from around the world, whether they’ve been camping for decades or are brand new to the outdoors. everyone is welcome at mountain shepherd, and the diversity of our participants creates a rich learning environment and enduring sense of community.








adventure courses

try out a new type of recreation or gain valuable safety and preparedness skills in our adventure courses. experiences include backpacking trips, canoeing, rock climbing, caving outdoor fitness courses, and even a summer camp for adults! survival skills are always included. adventures are available for families, women only, and co-ed adults.


explore our adventure courses













women’s adventure courses

whether you’re looking to learn something new in a girls-only zone, to meet some other adventurous women, or to boost your confidence in the outdoors, we’ve got a unique women-only experience for you! options for women to connect with and learn from other women include single-sex survival essentials, local backpacking trips, and even a grown-up summer camp.


explore our women's adventure courses





survival courses


survival priorities and skills are the foundation of every mountain shepherd adventure. for the individuals and families looking to try their hand at more than just the basics, we offer several survival-focused courses. learning and practicing wilderness survival is not only fun; our training provides you with the knowledge and confidence to adventure responsibly!



explore our survival courses













gems camps


girls empowered by mountain shepherd (gems) gives girls in middle and high school empowering opportunities to learn survival skills, explore outdoor recreation, and learn about themselves while surrounded by supportive peers and positive role models. gems come to camp to expand their comfort zones in the outdoors, and grow into courageous, confident, compassionate leaders!



explore our gems courses





leadership & team building


surviving in the wilderness is strikingly similar to surviving in the workplace, especially when you’re navigating high-pressure, stressful situations. teamwork in outdoor scenarios translates well into the office! our leadership and team-building experiences include our core wilderness survival curriculum and can be customized to help your group meet their goals.



explore our leadership & team building courses













custom experiences


get creative with your mountain shepherd experience! do you want to design an educational course for a group? are you looking for help planning and preparing for an upcoming outdoor adventure? do you need a location for an exciting, off-the-beaten-path celebration? contact us to propose your plans and begin customizing your experience! custom experiences are subject to scheduling and space availability.



explore our custom experiences





wilderness inspirations



our partner non-profit organization fundraises to provide empowering outdoor experiences for girls and women. wilderness inspirations aims to ignite courage, confidence, and compassion in women and girls through outdoor adventures and experiential education. scholarships for our girls empowered by mountain shepherd (gems) program are provided by wilderness inspirations.




more about wilderness inspirations













experiential education



our programs for students, teachers, teams, and clubs provide opportunities for learners to engage with their community and the natural environment to make learning real. environment-based education encourages student engagement in all school subjects and improves students’ ability to problem-solve, think critically, and make decisions. experiential education programs are tailored to each group’s interests, needs, and goals, and can include our wilderness survival curriculum.




explore our experiential education programs









course spotlight – custom courses
feb 22, 2023 | uncategorizedwe’re wrapping up our course spotlight series with a spotlight on our custom experiences. from school retreats to leadership training to family reunions to custom outdoor adventures, mountain shepherd is ready to host your group. we can provide programming and meals...
read more


course spotlight – women’s courses
feb 16, 2023 | uncategorizedwe hope you enjoyed our last blog highlighting our survival courses. in case you missed it, you can check it out here. next up in the course spotlight series is our amazingly empowering women’s courses. these courses are open to anyone who identifies as a woman, and...
read more


 












looking for a good survival book?
check out the official mountain shepherd amazon book list!
all your favorites... and some you may not have heard of!
see our list







 











store

staff

facility

blog

contact



adventure courses
family adventure weekend
trail mix – coed adventure
day pack courses
peak performance – coed
backpacking essentials
winter backpacking essentials

survival courses
survival essentialsbushcraft essentialssurvival essentials – family coursesurvival questwilderness first-aid



women adventure courses
survival essentials – women‘s coursecamp adventuresstrail mix – women’s adventurepeak performance – women’s adventurecraft-your-own women’s adventure

other courses
leadership & team buildingdesign your own coursewilderness inspirationsexperiential education



gems camps
gems: shining brightgems: digging deepergems: rock ongems: be genuinegems: crowning jewel









join our mailing list












connect with us












 





 









































