





employee engagement surveys, employee satisfaction, 360 degree feedback - custominsight

















































close


















 






products


products


employee engagement survey

360 degree feedback
dei survey
school climate surveys
employee pulse surveys
team assessment
suggestion box
custom surveys


samples
company
contact
login










































engage.   develop.   succeed.


																employee feedback software to help organizations engage and develop their employees.
																
















we have helped thousands of organizations worldwide 
							



























employee engagement survey

a powerful diagnostic tool to assess employee engagement and org effectiveness


focal org is a comprehensive employee survey tool and online platform that quickly identifies organizational strengths and areas of dysfunction.
identify, understand, and fix engagement problems throughout your company with actionable results that have more insights, more depth, and more precision.
learn more about the employee engagement survey 






















360 feedback
easy to use, flexible, and cost effective diagnostic tools


focal 360 is our industry-leading comprehensive 360 degree feedback solution designed for groups or projects of any size.
conduct 360 degree surveys with minimal effort and
											maximum impact with our online 360 feedback software system. the entire process is streamlined and automated.
we offer pre-defined questionnaires and a leadership model that is statistically validated and
										benchmarked. alternatively, you can load your own opinion survey template or competency model into our system.
learn more about our 360 degree feedback software 













diversity, equity, & inclusion survey

are your organization's culture and practices working for all of your employees?


focal dei is an internal diagnostic tool that will tell you whether your company is providing a safe and inclusive environment for every member of your workforce.
										
going deeper, the online staff survey invites those who don't feel a sense of belonging to anonymously share their stories so others can gain a greater level of awareness and understanding of the challenges that some people have faced.

										identify and fix dei problems in your company with actionable results, making your workplace more diverse, equitable, and inclusive. 
										
learn more about the dei survey 











   get proven solutions with measurable results              years             1,000s                     of clients            millions of surveys             +                     languages           what our clients say          “an amazing tool!!!!! we have used it for 10 years, without fail. it has helped us transform our culture and business results. we recommended it to our clients too. it is affordable and high quality - simply the best.”         lori s. chief executive officer - software consulting firm            “your solution has been a huge hit with our management!”         karley p. gm assistant - leading retailer            “i've been in the employee feedback business for 30 years and this is the cleanest app that i have ever seen. it's so easy to use!”         kirk h. director of learning & development - fortune 500 corporation            “custominsight has probably been the most helpful and responsive vendor partner we have worked with in all our thirty plus years in business.”         carolyn t. founder & ceo - hr consulting firm            “your employee feedback system has been transformational for our business. we have come back to it again and again and would have made bad decisions without it.”         eileen l. vp of culture and talent - technology company            “we are super happy! this is going to be a game changer for us. we had very good participation and the tool has been fantastic. your personalized service has also been fabulous and has made this so easy for us.”         dan c. director of hr - professional service firm            “we had an awesome response from our employees, saying this was the best survey they've taken. our ceo was blown away by the data he now has at his fingertips and how actionable it is. we are very impressed and will definitely recommend the platform.”         angelique a. sr. director of hr - global non-profit            “we were really impressed by custominsight's feedback tool and strongly recommend it to other organizations that are serious about continuous improvement. the roi has been huge!”         will g. hr leader - global manufacturer            





ready to learn more?
we'd love to hear from you.

contact us









frequently asked questions



what is focal 360?
focal 360 is an online survey software (saas) and tool for conducting 360 evaluations.
								the platform provides insights and real-time feedback on employee performance from peers, senior leaders, and direct reports. we are a top employee survey vendor and offer complete 360 questionnaires, or you can load your own survey questions, template, or competency model into our system. the process of setting up your questionnaire, collecting responses, and downloading reports is fully automated with our online software solution.
								
what is 360 feedback?
360 degree feedback is an evaluation system where people receive confidential evaluations from their managers, peers, and direct
									reports. the feedback is focused on workplace behaviors and competencies, and usually includes both numeric ratings as well as written comments.
who should receive 360 degree feedback?
most companies use our 360 evaluation software and online platform for managers, but the 360 process is not limited to just management. all employees can benefit from receiving candid evaluations of their job performance and workplace behavior. teams can also benefit from 360 surveys, as they lead to increased communication and openness.
what are the benefits of 360 feedback?
360 surveys are an inexpensive and effective development tool.
									they provide meaningful insights and a way for people to get a better understanding of
									their strengths and weaknesses and how their coworkers
									perceive them. results can be used to create an informed development plan that focuses on the areas that are most in need of improvement or change.




what is focal org?
focal org is an online employee engagement survey software (saas) and tool that helps you understand the drivers of engagement and satisfaction at your company. the diagnostic process starts with a staff questionnaire that measures engagement as well as alignment with company strategy (company values, goals, and strategic objectives). once the survey is complete, results are provided in an online platform that highlights the drivers of engagement and any areas in your company that have low levels of engagement.
								
what is employee engagement?
we define employee engagement as the extent to which
									employees feel passionate about their jobs, are committed to
									the organization, and put discretionary effort into their work.
									the elements that drive engagement typically include respect,
									trust, fairness, communication, teamwork, and similar topics. this can be measured by a survey.
our model of engagement is based on statistical research,
									which consistently breaks down into three factors - engagement
									with the organization, engagement with direct supervisors, and
									strategic alignment.
employee satisfaction vs. engagement
employee satisfaction and employee engagement are similar concepts on the surface, and many people use these terms interchangeably; however, they measure different outcomes. satisfaction addresses basic needs like workload, work-life balance, staff relationships, compensation and more. these are all important issues, yet satisfaction falls short because it does not address employees' emotional commitment or involvement.
								














custominsight specializes in 360 degree feedback, employee surveys, and
				other tools that help companies of any size engage and develop their
				employees, managers, and leaders.
			 










about




360 feedback system
employee engagement survey
company

clients
news
blog
help / support / faq







follow




facebook

linkedin











contact




phone:
+1 650.577.9604


email:
info@custominsight.com







subscribe




for the latest news and updates



















quick links




home
privacy
security
terms & conditions
sitemap
contact










articles & research




what is 360 degree feedback?
360 assessment design
sample 360 degree feedback surveys
what is employee engagement?
what's an employee engagement survey?
employee satisfaction vs. employee engagement
employee survey benchmarking
sample employee survey questions
school climate surveys
more articles...











copyright© 2025 custominsight. all rights reserved

















