


patrickw gta-modding | home

















navigation: 

home
mods
tools
info
ipb mods
firefox
links
about




welcome to my gta modding site 
this site is dedicated to the things i do in the gta modding community
my most notable achievement in this area is the creation of the infamous "hot coffee" mod.
i'm active at the gtaforums.com, which can be considered the centre of the gta modding community. 
	any gta-modder that has any significance visits there regulary, and most of them call it their home.
the other part of my gta-related activities is dedicated to the dutch www.gtagames.nl website and it's forum: gtaforum.nl, 
	i'm admin at both the site and the forums, and as such i try to keep the dutch gta community informed of the developments 
	in the gta modding scene, and help aspiring dutch modders develop their skills and find their way into the international community.
a recent addition to my dutch gta activities is the wikigta.org website, which i co-founded. unlike regular wiki-sites, editing on this site is restricted to selected group of people.
statement on the hot coffee mod
after reading various discussion about this mod around the internet, i would like to make the following statement:
all the contents of this mod was already available on the original disks. 
	therefor the scriptcode, the models, the animations and the dialogs by the 
	original voice-actors were all created by rockstar. the only thing i had to 
	do to enable the mini-games was toggling a single bit in the main.scm file. 
	(of course it was not easy to find the correct bit). the nude models that are 
	used as a bonus in the quick action version of the mod, were also already 
	present on the original disk.
	but all this material is completely inaccesible in an unmodded version of the game. it can therefor 
	not be considered a cheat, easter-egg or hidden feature. but is most probably just 
	leftover material from a gameplay idea that didn't make the final release.
	i would really like to stress that this material is only accessible after willfully 
	applying the hot coffee mod (or something similar) to the game.


dds



	©2005 patrick wildenborg, hosted by www.gtagames.nl running on ahead-it supermicro server systems
	(validate xhtml|validate css)




styleswitcher (javascript) disabled






