










welcome to lii | legal information institute


































      skip to main content
    









skip to main content







cornell law
				school
search
				cornell








toggle navigation









please help
							us improve our site!




support us!






search



















about
									lii


who we are


what we do


who pays for this


contact us




get the
									law


constitution


supreme court


u.s. code


cfr


federal rules


federal rules of appellate procedure


federal rules of civil procedure


federal rules of criminal procedure


federal rules of evidence


federal rules of bankruptcy procedure




u.c.c.


law by jurisdiction


state law


uniform laws


federal law


world law






lawyer directory


legal encyclopedia


business law


constitutional law


criminal law


family law


employment law


money and finances


all wex articles




help out


give


sponsor


advertise


create


promote


join lawyer directory





































welcome to lii









we believe that everyone should be able to read and understand the laws that govern them, without cost. we carry out this vision by:

publishing law online, for free.
creating materials that help people understand law.
exploring new technologies that make it easier for people to find the law.

we hope you'll learn more about us, and help support our work. 








what's new?state regulationslii now publishes state regulations for all 50 u.s. states. updates are released quarterly.we're hiring!keep an eye on this space for new position postings as they become available. lii original contentthe wex legal dictionary and encyclopedia has new entries on statutory interpretation, corruption, and summaries of recent u.s. supreme court decisions.the lii supreme court bulletin students prepare and publish previews of upcoming oral arguments before the u.s. supreme court. recent previews include:trump v. andersonthe gender justice collection now features a new set of resources on legislation in ukraine.from the governmentthe congressional research service's u.s. constitution annotated now features updates through the most recent u.s. supreme court decisions. updates include:modern doctrine on appropriate scrutiny (college admissions)states and elections clause (redistricting)true threats (social media)the u.s. supreme court collection: most recent opinions and code of conduct for justicesthe u.s. code is up to date through the most recent version published by the office of the law revision counsel; the cfr is up to date through the end of last week.







legal resourcesprimary sourcesconstitutionu.s. codec.f.r. andsupreme courtexecutive ordersfederal rulesstate law and state regulationsu.c.c.locators for uniform law, state statutes by topic, world laworiginal contentwex legal encyclopediacongressional research service's u.s. constitution annotatedlii supreme court bulletinintroduction to basic legal citationparallel table of authoritiesrio citation resolvertable of popular namesthe gender justice collectionlearn aboutadministrative lawcivicsconstitutional lawconsumer protectioncorporationscourts and procedureintellectual propertylegislationreal estate lawlegal topicsbusiness lawcriminal lawestate planningfamily lawemployment lawimmigration lawlandlord/tenantmoney and financespersonal injury
















stay involved

lii announce blog
lii supreme court bulletin


make a donation
contribute content
become a sponsor
give feedback

















accessibility


about lii


contact us


advertise here


help


terms of use


privacy




















