







first peoples bank of tennessee
















































































local: (865) 475-9052 | 24/7: (865) 475-6191 or (800) 741-2910






location & hours
debit card security
contact






















personal banking
business banking
loans

personal loans
business loans


more

about
meet the team
community involvement
cyber security tips
freedom club


online banking
location & hours
debit card security
contact


















 




















putting people first  for 50 years
1975-2025










“our vision is to become a boutique community bank that leaves such an impression, it must be shared with family and friends. our signature product will be excellence provided to all that we encounter. we will be consummate banking professionals serving one another and the ladies and gentlemen of east tennessee.”











lending
first peoples bank has a loan to fit your needs, whether you are looking forward to taking a vacation, making home renovations, purchasing a new vehicle, or more.



need a loan?






checking
checking services at first peoples bank are tailored to fit your needs for record-keeping and convenience. your checking account your way—we’re here for you.


your checking







investments


whether your goals include college funding, retirement, extra income generation, or tax reduction strategies, we are committed to helping you reach them.



contact us












online banking


with our free online banking and bill pay services you have convenient real-time information on all of your accounts. you can pay all your bills from our website or via our mobile app. apply today from home or at any of our branches!


bank online with us







to report a lost or stolen debit card or atm card, you may call us at the bank at (865) 475-9052 during business hours or our fraud center at (888) 297-3416 after business hours.











“i love the people at my branch on kingston pike in knoxville. they greet me by name and care about me as a person” 
– sheila l.








“the very nicest place to bank. professional, courteous, tellers always ready to help . . . ” 
– sharon m.









“i’ve banked with first peoples for many years now and have always been treated as a person, not a number.” 
– helen r.








“they make me feel at home.” 
– tony r.









“they have really gone above and beyond to accommodate me and both our business and personal accounts. they have taken the time to get to know me and our businesses.”

– amanda w.









“great people work there. always very helpful and friendly.”
 
– susan l.










about
here at first peoples bank, we aspire to develop deeply rooted relationships that promote long term commitment to our clients. we strive to embody the true meaning behind a promise made by us nearly 50 years ago, and that is to devote our time and services to “putting people first.” we hope to provide you with personalized, professional, and timely service that exceeds expectations.  

learn more



 












location & hours
about
community involvement
freedom club




























online banking

24/7: (865) 475-6191or (800) 741-2910



followfollowfollow











member fdic | privacy & security





all content copyright © 2025, first peoples bank. website design by slamdot.



 



























