



us smart publications – us smart publications™ clarifies the world of nutrition science.



















































 












skip to content 





 



 






menu 
subscribe
testimonials
podcasts
resources

adrenal
health a-z
health issues
books
products
terms and conditions
privacy policy


about “us”
contact us
 










oral chelation—the strongest natural treatment for your heart, arteries, memory, and more! 
november 5, 2024september 14, 2023 by smart publications 







oral chelation therapy is a potent, safe, inexpensive and virtually risk-free blood circulation treatment. what heart disease really does to your body … and how oral chelation can reverse it if you or a loved one suffers from any form of cvd, here is the simple truth about how this disease operates. what the public tends … read more


categories bones, cardiovascular health, longevity, vitality tags blood circulation, chelation, edta, heart disease, oral chelation leave a comment 





berberine activates the ampk pathway to support blood lipids, weight loss, and sugar balance. 
november 5, 2024april 26, 2023 by smart publications 


berberine can turn on the metabolic master switch and burn fat for energy. berberine is a plant alkaloid that is isolated from the roots and bark of goldenseal, barberry, oregon grape, chinese goldthread, and tree turmeric, aka indian barberry (berberis aristata). it has been used for centuries in ayurvedic and chinese medicine for a variety … read more


categories cardiovascular health, longevity, weight loss tags ampk, berberine, weight loss leave a comment 





potassium hydroxy citric acid 
november 5, 2024march 6, 2023 by smart publications 


supercharged hca for maximum metabolic benefits potassium hydroxycitric acid (phca) is a unique water-soluble form of hydoxycitric acid (hca) made from garcinia cambogia. this new water-soluble matrix enhances the absorption and effectiveness of hca and provides the additional benefits of potassium. this allows for a convenient and effective dosage of hca while supplying the important mineral … read more


categories cardiovascular health, energy, productivity, vitality, weight loss tags energy, garcinia, healthy weight, hydroxycitric acid, metabolism, potassium leave a comment 





oolong tea – black tea taste – green tea benefits 
november 5, 2024march 3, 2023 by smart publications 


oolong tea is a type of tea that is made from the leaves of the camellia sinensis plant, which is also used to make black tea and green tea. oolong tea is produced through a process that combines elements of both black tea and green tea production. after the tea leaves are harvested, they are … read more


categories brain, cardiovascular health, energy, mind, vitality, weight loss tags black tea, camekkia sinensis, green tea, oolong tea leave a comment 





garcinia cambogia – weight loss super fruit 
november 5, 2024february 28, 2023 by smart publications 


what is garcinia cambogia? garcinia cambogia is a tropical fruit that is native to indonesia. it is also known as the malabar tamarind. the fruit has a sour taste and is often used in cooking, particularly in traditional dishes in south india and southeast asia. the rind of the fruit is used to extract a … read more


categories energy, weight loss tags citrate lyase inhibitor, garcinia, hca, hydroxycitric acid, weight loss leave a comment 





potassium: the essential mineral for heart, muscle, fluid balance, and you! 
november 5, 2024january 7, 2023 by smart publications 


did you know how important potassium is for good health?   some of the benefits of potassium include reduced risk of high blood pressure, heart disease, stroke, and type 2 diabetes. and did you know that most americans consume half the recommended amount of potassium? according to the national health and nutrition examination survey (nhanes), … read more


categories cardiovascular health, energy, productivity tags blood pressure, cardiovascular health, diabetes and blood sugar, potassium leave a comment 





is beta-sitosterol good for prostate health? 
july 28, 2022 by smart publications 


certain herbs and nutrients have been linked to a reduced risk of prostate cancer, or may help reduce the symptoms of an enlarged prostate. beta-sitosterol is one such nutrient; however, it’s important to understand the science behind this plant steroid before incorporating beta-sitosterol supplements into a prostate-friendly diet.  in this article, we’ll explore what beta-sitosterol … read more


categories cardiovascular health, prostate, sexual health, sleep, vitality leave a comment 





3 melatonin benefits: insomnia cured 
july 26, 2022 by smart publications 


when you have insomnia, it means that you are unable to fall asleep or stay asleep for long. the inability to sleep at night can take a toll on your body and mind. it affects not only your energy levels the next day but also the functioning of various organs in your body.  that is … read more


categories brain, immune health, longevity, mind, productivity, sleep, weight loss leave a comment 





alternative doctors recommend milk thistle for a bad liver 
july 26, 2022july 25, 2022 by smart publications 


you probably know that drinking a lot of alcohol can harm your liver. but did you know that chronic drinking also causes non-alcoholic fatty liver disease? it’s the most common cause of chronic liver disease in america today, and it’s on the rise. the good news is there are natural ways to help repair your … read more


categories liver health, longevity, vitality leave a comment 





the heart smart cellular energy enhancer 
july 26, 2022june 11, 2022 by smart publications 


do you remember what it felt like to leap out of bed in the morning when you were a kid … especially in the summer when you greeted each day with energy and enthusiasm to spare? well, imagine how much you’d accomplish today if you had 50% of that energy. you’d have the stamina you … read more


categories cardiovascular health, energy, longevity, productivity, vitality 1 comment 




older posts

page1
page2
…
page6
next → 




searchsearchfeaturesspecial gift – product samples
health topics
health a-z
special gift
contact us
books
subscribe
physician disclaimer
terms of use
terms and conditions
privacy policy
health topicsadrenal fatigue
allergies 
anxiety 
anti-aging
alzheimer's disease 
arthritis and joint health
blood pressure and hypertension
bone health and osteoporosis
brain health and memory support
cancer 
cardiovascular health
cholesterol
depression
detoxification
diabetes and blood sugar
digestive health
energy
eye health
heart attacks
heart health
hormone support
immune system support
inflammation
joint pain
life extension
liver support
longevity and anti-aging
memory
menopause
men's health
mental health
metabolic syndrome
nutrition
oral health - teeth and gums
osteoporosis
overall health
pain relief
parkinson's disease
prostate health
sexual health
skin, hair and nails
sleep
stress
the common cold
urinary tract health
varicose veins
vision health
weight management
women's health
health topics
    health a-z
    contact us
    books
    subscribe
    physician disclaimer
    terms of usehealth topicshealth a-zcontact usbookssubscribephysician disclaimerterms of use 



with st. john's wort  - click bottle to learn more.zinc misttry protect edtadesigned by the famous nutritional research scientists, durk pearson and sandy shawadvanced multi nutrient formulatry arginine hge with citrullinelearn more about vitamin e8high performance proteinwith st. john's wort 








 

 

 






© 2025 us smart publications • built with generatepress 



 










terms and conditions - privacy policy



