






chimney keepers  | the neat chimney sweeps

































about us
products
services
faq
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 












chimney, dryer vent, gas log repair solution 919.772.8110chimneykeepers@gmail.com





 

chimney keepers
serving raleigh, cary, garner, clayton, fuquay-varina and surrounding areas.


 







what we do
chimney, dryer vent, and gas log fireplace service & repairs






gas log servicegas log service includes:  remove and clean logs,  check pilot operation & condition, check lighter, check burner condition and operation. remove and clean glass if equipped  check operation of remote or wall switch. 

learn more



chimney cleaning & inspectionwhile in your home cleaning the chimney, or doing repairs, we take the utmost care. we treat your house like it was ours by keeping it clean. we use a large tarp and special vacuums, we are prepared for any situation. we have the tools to clean the dirtiest chimneys, and with our exclusive “no mess guarantee,” you are assured of a clean home.
learn more



crown repair & water repellantwe can power-wash your chimney to remove most of the dark stains and mildew growth that accumulates on unprotected masonry and brick. this cleaning helps open the pores of the brick allowing the water repellent treatment to be more effective when used. 
 
learn more





chimney repairdo you have rust stains on the side of the chimney structure from the chase cover? we can remove the old rusty and sometimes leaking top replacing with new stainless steel or other material
learn more







dryer vent cleaninghaving your dryer vent cleaned can not only save you money, but it may save your life. each year thousands of homes are destroyed and people die, due to dryer vent fires. a clogged dryer vent can increase the time it takes to dry your clothes which takes more electricity or gas, costing you more money.
learn more












experience
we have over 27 years of experience in the industry
chimney keepers strives to provide the highest level of service and integrity in our work and, above all, provide outstanding customer satisfaction and value.  that’s our promise to you.
~ will gilfillan, owner

send us a message







about us
providing the highest quality chimney services in the area






since 1993, chimney keepers has been cleaning and repairing chimneys, dryer vents, and gas log fireplaces in and around the raleigh, apex, cary, garner, clayton, fuquay-varina, and holly springs, nc areas.
 






high quality, ethically sourced materials






your satisfaction is guaranteed






honest prices


























message us
get in touch below.



call us
(919) 772-8110











name


email address


message




send










office location
apex, nc






call
919.772.8110






email
chimneykeepers@gmail.com





 







designed by kelly cain creative 















