































    clearwater pools | clayton, garner, wake forest & fuquay-varina, nc | pool contractors
  


 














                  home



  our services





   gallery



  contact us











    
 





      


 
      about clearwater pools


 clearwater pools is a family-owned, family-oriented business that aims to give our clients the gift of relaxation, family fun, and good health in the comfort of your own backyard. we are licensed and insured general contractors that take pride in our quality of work and customer service. with over 50 years of experience amongst our staff and crew, you can rely on us to provide professional and insightful guidance every step of the way and offer educated decision-making to you throughout the process.whether you're looking to become a pool owner, or already are one, we offer a variety of products and services that will help you make the most of your backyard in a way that's fun for everyone, while beating the summer heat.
browse through our services and gallery to see how we can help you. call or contact us online for a free estimate. we look forward to working with you.


  






 
      vinyl liner pools


 vinyl liner pools consist of a steel panel kit and "pool base" bottom that then have a vinyl liner installed over top. vinyl liner pools allow for more custom options. the shape of the pool itself, depth, and features, such as steps/tanning ledges and benches, can be custom designed and changed to match what it is you're looking for in a pool. with so many choices for liner patterns, you have seemingly endless options for the look you want.
a benefit that comes with having a vinyl liner pool is the fact that the liner can be changed out. the liner can be taken out and replaced, giving your pool a fresh new look that looks as if it was built just yesterday.


  






 
      fiberglass pools


 fiberglass pools consist of a pre-fabricated fiberglass shell with a gel-coat finish for a smooth and colorful surface. they can come in many different sizes and shapes with different features so you'll be sure to find a pool that matches what you're looking for. the main attraction for fiberglass pools is their quicker installation process which allows you to enjoy your beautiful inground pool sooner.clearwater pools is a proud dealer and installer of
alaglas swimming pools. alaglas is located in south carolina and manufactures their products on-site, making them one of few manufactures that can say "made in america" and use only the highest quality materials. each fiberglass pool from alaglas comes with a 10-surface warranty and a 50-structural warranty. browse through their
collection to find a fiberglass pool that will turn your backyard into a dreamscape that the whole family can enjoy for years to come. once you do, you can trust clearwater pools to help connect you to the pool you want and install it with the knowledge and professionalism that matches the
high-quality product you're looking for.



  






 
      above ground pools


 above ground pools are a great option if you're looking for something easy and affordable. they also provide years of pleasure and fun. they come in multiple sizes to fit your space and needs. in addition, the installation process is the quickest out of all pool options. we offer a pool that has a 100% corrosion-free, blow-molded resin technology. this pool comes with a 55-year warranty for your peace of mind.top it off with a number of options and upgrades that allow you to have a high-end pool at an affordable price to entertain the family through the hot summers days.


  






 
      service areas


 clearwater pools is located in clayton, nc, but location is hardly ever an issue for our team. we can serve a wide range of areas throughout the triangle, so homeowners from cary to smithfield and angier should never hesitate to contact us if they're interested in getting a luxurious new pool at an affordable price.clearwater pools can serve homeowners in clayton, garner, apex, wake forest, raleigh, wendell, fuquay-varina, cary, holly springs, angier, willow spring, smithfield, knightdale, and the surrounding areas.if you're unsure whether or not we serve your area, we encourage you to call or contact us online to ask. we would be thrilled to have you as our next satisfied client.











      



    


 63 anna dr suite 102, clayton, nc 27520(919) 585-1135hours of operationtuesday - friday: 9:30 a.m. to 6 p.m.saturday: 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.sunday & monday: closed

 accepting allmajor credit cards
 

    

 

 




 

 




    


















































































































  
  share by:










