






so.ca.ta | southern california transit advocates







































so.ca.ta 

southern california transit advocates 





homeabout so.ca.ta

by-laws
executive board
goals
meetings


calendar
join so.ca.ta!
newsletter

transit advocate 1992-1999
transit advocate 2000-2009
transit advocate 2010-


nextgen
study tours








 



dana gabbard, 1962-2022

 so.ca.ta member dana gabbard staffs booth at union station – 80th anniversary celebration
we at so.ca.ta are saddened to learn of the untimely death of our member and friend, dana gabbard.
dana joined so.ca.ta in early 1994, after being recommended by another member. he quickly assumed responsibility for coordinating several activities, including the “public and legislative affairs committee report” in our newsletter, booths at transit system openings and other public events, and transit study tours.
he will be missed.
dana gabbard, r.i.p.

https://la.streetsblog.org/2022/01/14/remembering-dana-gabbard-1962-2022/


admin
january 15, 2022
uncategorized
comments off on dana gabbard, 1962-2022

 
welcome to the so.ca.ta webpage

the following so.ca.ta board members were elected at our december 13, 2020 annual  meeting:












president- perias pillay
vice president- mark strickert
treasurer- dana gabbard
secretary- hank fung


charles hobbs continues as newsletter editor and andy novak as archivist.



our booth at the 80th anniversary celebration of los angeles union station on saturday may 4, 2019 was a great success. we were mentioned in advance coverage of the event by the los angeles downtown news. richard morallo of metro posted a video on youtube of the event that shows our booth at 1:37.

sb-742 regarding amtrak thruway motorcoach services which we supported was signed by governor newsom oct. 8, 2019.
by unanimous vote of our board we endorsed ab-917 (bloom) which authorizes all public transit operators in california to install automated forward facing parking control devices on transit vehicles for the purposes of enforcing parking violations occurring in transit-only traffic lanes and at transit stops. the governor signed it october 8, 2021.

we are part of the coalition endorsing the beautiful boulevard proposal for the eagle rock boulevard portion of the north hollywood to pasadena bus rapid transit project metro is in the early stages of implementing.

the los angeles downtown news quoted treasurer dana gabbard regarding proposed rail service reductions by la metro
gabbard also was quoted by the vc star on rail and thruway bus as an option for travelling from ventura county to lax.
gabbard was most recently quoted in the railway age article biden administration sides with labor, throwing california transit grants (and riders) under the bus stating, “it’s so removed from the lives of ordinary citizens getting around. all of us transit riders are being held hostage by this, and we’re not even at the table. we don’t even know where the table is. all these billions of dollars over some obscure point of federal law that was adjudicated several times.”
the nextgen subcommittee submitted to los angeles metro comments on the initial proposal and service changes proposed for december 2020 or later.  we are gratified the revised nextgen proposal addressed our concerns regarding routes 79, 96 and 218.
recently we discovered (on a flash drive) the long thought lost first and only legislative newsbrief done for a 2000 lobbying visit to the state capitol by three members of the group. it is an interesting peek at what were among the issues of significance then and is at this link.
updated december 8, 2021











admin
november 18, 2017
uncategorized
comments off on welcome to the so.ca.ta webpage

 



search our site

search for:



who we are southern california transit advocates is a non-profit organization dedicated to the promotion, development and improvement of public transportation in the los angeles metropolitan area. 
links to member websites rtp news and views (andy novak)

 more than red cars (charles hobbs)

transit people (tim adams)

la.streetsblog posts by dana gabbard

la.streetsblog posts by alexander friedman


l.a. streetsblog posts by erik griswold

citywatch posts by ken alpern

affiliations so.ca.ta is a member of these public transportation advocacy coalitions:
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 




so.ca.ta


newstone theme by pcdiy.
powered by wordpress.














