






the balisong knife collector's page


 

the balisong collector's page

the internet's largest and premier 
balisong collecting site.
your best online resource for balisong knives.
over 1000  pictures... and counting...

"because it don't mean a thing if it ain't got that swing!"

last update  12jun08


new vault exhibit
butterfly roses
by audra draper, ms



current special exhibits




click on the image above to see jerry hom's
new basilisk balisong






click on the image above to see what's inside this
special access required pouch from rising-star
knifemaker spencer alan reiter. 






that's terry guinn's famous ring fighter.
and it's just one of three terry guinn
custom balisongs recently added to 
gallery g.  click on the picture to visit
the gallery.







lapu lapu
the latest adition to the heros and kings collection
from pabu knife.
click on the picture to see the full exhibit.








www.kniferights.org

bad and expanding knife laws are a common
lament among balisong enthusiasts.  finally,
there's something we can about it beyond just
wringing our hands.  join knife rights today!

 

      a message from knife rights
      founder doug ritter

      recently the anti's have taken aim at
      our knives after being shut down in their efforts to further
      restrict firearms. we are a tempting target because there's no
      national owner/user organization like the nra is for gun rights
      to defend knife rights. a recent highly biased and inaccurate
      wall
      street journal article was an opening
      salvo in this attack, attempting to demonize simple pocket knives
      just like they did with "assault weapons." one only
      has to look to europe where many of the knives we take for granted
      are banned or restricted. that's their aim here in the u.s. knife
      rights will lead the fight for your rights; an organization by
      knife owners, for knife owners. read more about why
      the time is ripe for knife rights.

the balisong collector himself is proud to be a charter member
of knife rights and urges all balisong enthusiasts to join as well.






main menu





check
  out what's new
 the balisong quick start guide
 peruse the balisong
  collector's own files
 e-mail the balisong
  collector himself

watch the
  balisong collector in action.

the balisong
  collector's gift to you -- balisong wallpaper
 the shameless commerce division
  -- stuff for sale

the
  balisong collector's random writings

the
  institute for advanced balisong studies
 the galleries
 check out project gemini







introduction
  
i was inspired to
  make the site by my friend clay, who is the webmaster on the extreme balisong site. clay's site is really great
  if you're just getting started with balisongs. my site is more
  about collecting balisongs, more about the knives themselves.
if you've just stumbled
  in to this site and are wondering what a balisong is, here's
  your answer: a balisong is a form of folding pocket knife which
  has two handles that counter-rotate around the tang. they're
  also known as "butterfly knives".
it's a great design
  because when it's closed, the blade is completely covered. while
  most balisongs are single-edged, the balisong design is one of
  only a few folding knife designs that can safely accommodate
  a double-edged blade.
on the other hand,
  when a well-made balisong is open and the two handles are locked
  together, it's virtually as strong and reliable as a fixed-blade
  knife. "lock failures", which afflict all other folding
  knife designs, are unheard of on balisongs.
the balisong's unique
  design also allows it to be opened or closed quickly with one
  hand. not only can a balisong be opened with one hand, unlike
  many one-hand-opening knives, a balisong can also be closed with
  one hand. furthermore, unlike many open-hand-opening knives,
  a balisong can be opened with either hand.
not only can a balisong
  be opened or closed with one hand, but that task can be accomplished
  with a flair that is totally unique to the balisong. no other
  folding knife is as fun. the very colorful art of balisong manipulation
  is where my subtitle, "because it don't mean a thing if
  it ain't got that swing," comes from.
you may reasonably
  ask, "if the balisong design is so great, then why are they
  so uncommon?" well, unfortunately, in the late 70's and
  early 80's, balisongs were often portrayed in tv and movies as
  weapons of criminals and bad-guys. in fact, they still are portrayed
  that way. and many people find the manipulation of a balisong
  frightening and intimidating.
there have only been
  a handful of crimes committed using balisongs in america. in
  fact, i'd bet that no category of knives has been involved in
  fewer crimes than the balisong. but, just because of that image
  and of that fear, balisongs are illegal to carry in public in
  most states and illegal to even own in some. i am fortunate to
  live in oregon where balisongs are legal to own and even carry.
on this site, you
  can find out about balisongs, see pictures of many balisongs
  new and old, and even see full-motion video of balisong manipulation.

throughout this site,
  watch for this icon . click
  on it and noted balisong authority professor roland phlip of
  the institute for advanced balisong studies will teach you an
  important lesson.

check out the balisong forum
on the internet's premier
knife information and discussion site

bladeforums.com
the balisong collector himself
is one of the moderators



the balisong collector also recommends



and



  

the fine
  print
the word
  "balisong" is a generic term for any butterfly knife.
  it is actually the filipino (tagalog) word for butterfly knife.
  but, "bali-song" (with the hyphen) is a registered
  trademark of the benchmade company of oregon city, oregon. the bali-song
  butterfly logo, which appears occasionally on this site, is also
  a registered trademark of benchmade.
all other
  trademarks and tradenames which appear on this site are the property
  of their respective owners and used incidentally or as fair use.
this site
  is not operated by or affiliated with the benchmade
  company
  of oregon city, oregon and i am not employed by or affiliated
  with benchmade either.
all material
  on this site including text, graphics, photographs, and layout,
  are copyright (c) either by me or by the original authors who
  provided them to me. for copyright information and permission
  to reuse specific pieces, please contact me at the address given
  below.
all
  content copyright (c) 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004,
  2005, 2006, 2007, 2008

your
  friendly host is:
webmaster
  @ balisongcollector dot com


one
  final note...
this is
  a website, not a restaurant. if you want java or java beans,
  i suggest starbucks. if you want aplets,
  i suggest liberty
  orchards.
  and if you want cookies, i suggest little debbies.



