






driveway and patio





































































welcome to our site, sign up
on our email list to receive special
alerts and important information!





email sign up










we will attain and maintain a concrete construction quality level unsurpassed by our competition. we will maintain this high 
quality standard at a competitive price and at the highest level of customer satisfaction. all jobs will be performed in a 
workmanlike manner.  all employees are expected to do the type of job they would expect if it were done at their own home.
 
a satisfied customer is our firm's key to success.  employees are encouraged to take extra time to give the customer exactly 
what they desire.  this will limit our problems, increase our business through referrals, 
and improve our reputation as the quality concrete contractor in the area.



















































©2015 broad spectrum concrete





115 south avenue, west seneca, ny 14224





716 675-5800












* indicates required

email address  *






 







flatworkfoundations / footersepoxy overlaydesigner concretedesigner concrete galley 2designer concrete galley 3designer concrete galley 4designer concrete galley 5designer concrete galley 6designer concrete galley 7exposed aggregatedrivewayssubmit photosubmit photosee our designer display






















we will attain and maintain a concrete 
construction quality level unsurpassed by 
our competition. we will maintain this high 
quality standard at a competitive price and 
at the highest level of customer satisfaction. 
all jobs will be performed in a workmanlike 
manner.  all employees are expected to do 
the type of job they would expect if it were 
done at their own home.
 
a satisfied customer is our firm's key to 
success.  employees are encouraged to 
take extra time to give the customer exactly 
what they desire.  this will limit our 
problems, increase our business through 
referrals, 
and improve our reputation as the quality 
concrete contractor in the area.















































©2015 broad spectrum concrete




115 south avenue, west seneca, ny 14224





716 675-5800









flatworkfoundations / footersepoxy overlaydesigner concretedesigner concrete galley 2designer concrete galley 3designer concrete galley 4designer concrete galley 5designer concrete galley 6designer concrete galley 7exposed aggregatedrivewayssubmit photocontactsubmit photosee our designer display







