










stomp | official site






















 














home
about
north american tour
casting
international 




shop 




cast
newsletter
faq
 

menu






 


buy tickets 










the national tour of stomp has announced new cities and dates. find out more here.























stomp established in 1994 nyc




























get tickets

after 29 years and 11,475 performances, stomp closed in new york city on january 8, 2023. see here for current tour dates and information.












north american tour

check out our north american tour dates below.

see dates





international

find out the international schedule below.

see dates




















about

matchboxes, brooms, garbage cans, zippo lighters, and more fill the stage with energizing beats at stomp: the inventive and invigorating stage show that’s dance, music, and theatrical performance blended together in one electrifying rhythm.


































newsletter

don’t miss a beat! sign up for our newsletter to stay updated on the rhythm of new york.

sign up 
































© 2022 stomp. all rights reserved.



























privacy policy
terms & conditions
health & safety guidelines
contact us
 










newsletter sign up


sign up for our newsletter!required fields*first name(required) last name(required) email(required)

zip/postal code(required) opt in(required)

i’d like to receive stomp emails with ticket updates and exclusive content.
consent(required)

i agree to the privacy policy and terms and conditions.
captchacommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  













✕








contact us


required fields*first name(required) last name(required) email(required)

topic(required)stomp tour generalstomp tour marketingsubject(required) message(required)consent(required)

i agree to the privacy policy and terms and conditions.
captchacommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  













✕













