



  

stella & rose's books :  home  
























         
      










stella & rose's books
specialists in rare & collectable books






  
          
                                                  basket is empty
                      



 
              login
          

              register
          
 


















×
login




              error: invalid email or password combination.
            


email






password






 



 keep me logged in until i manually log out.
                  







forgot password? |
            don't have an account yet

close
login











 













homefind a book 
browseby categoryby authorby illustratorby publisherspecial book roombooks as giftshelp 
helpshipping ratescontact usglossarywish list & wantsreference 
information pagesarticlesfeatured booksabout the businessservices 
newslettersfree wants matchingbooks to sell?your contact preferencesloyalty scheme 


 











find a book

browse
by category
by author
by illustrator
by publisher
special book room
books as gifts

buying information

shipping rates
help
contact us
you say...

reference

information pages
articles
featured books
about the business

additional services

newsletters
free wants matching
books to sell?


 







welcome!




telephone answering
				please note that we are not able to take your telephone calls at the moment.  you are welcome to leave a message but it may be a while before we can get back to you.
if you have an urgent message please send an email to enquiry@stellabooks.com.
thank you for your understanding,
			




opening hours
				opening hours are tuesday - sunday 10am - 4pm, closed on mondays. the telephone will not be answered on mondays but feel free to leave a message and we will call you back on tuesday. likewise with email. thank you for your custom.
			





did you know...
				today is the birthday of galileo galilei. he was a mathematician, physicist, astronomer and philosopher who made a great contribution to modern science.
click here to see books in our astronomy category.
			





special offer
20% discount on military books in our special book room.
type in voucher code militfeb at the checkout to apply your discount before payment. valid to 7th march 2025.
browse current stock  in this offer.











				we aim to process orders received before 12 noon on the same business day and take great care packaging your books so that they reach you in the same condition as they leave us!
			

				you don't need to create an account to purchase, but if you do you can take advantage of our loyalty scheme: receive 20% discount on every sixth order on our website! we're always happy to help if you need to contact us.
			

message to our eu customers - effective from jan 2024
				we ship worldwide, including to the eu. however, if your shipping destination is in the eu, you will need to purchase from us via biblio.com, abebooks.co.uk or ebay.co.uk (our marketplace sites). our website will link your order to biblio.com at checkout to make this simple for you.				unfortunately, we have had to make this change due to the continuing impact of brexit on small businesses. we apologise for any inconvenience.
			


* monthly email newsletters *
* free 'wants' matching *
* loyalty discounts *
sign up now




worldwide shipping
 opening hours
 about us 
 books to sell?





on our shelves


 browse recent stock






£14.00


hadrian: the restless emperor

			 written by anthony r. birley. 			 			stock no 1829759. 
						 published  by routledge. 1st. 1997. 			


 




£180.00


carnivorous plants of australia volume 3

			 written by allen lowrie. 			 			stock no 1829780. 
						 published  by university of western australia press. 1st. 1998. 			


 





£18.00


the practical angler

			 written by w.c. stewart. 			 			stock no 1329534. 
						 published  by adam & charles black. 7th. 1877. 			


 





£54.00


the practical angler

			 written by w.c. stewart & w. earl hodgson. 			 			stock no 1329533. 
						 published  by the flyfisher's classic library. 1st thus. 1996. 			


 





£25.00


nymph fishing for chalk stream trout & minor tactics of the chalk stream

			 written by g.e.m. skues. 			 			stock no 1329535. 
						 published  by adam & charles black. 1st thus. 1974. 			


 




£30.00


douglas a-26 and b-26 invader (crowood aviation series)

			 written by scott thompson. 			 			stock no 1829793. 
						 published  by the crowood press. 1st. 2002. 			


 








what we've been up to





latest article





tintern abbey
a tale of two abbeys
we all know tintern abbey is in the wye valley and is the only one. well, apparently not.
a random question from one of our customers got me doing a bit of research and i was surprised to find out that there is another tintern abbey. i thought i would do a bit more digging and find out about the monks and how they lived along with the history of the abbeys.
 
tintern
tintern was founded in 1131 by walter fitz richard (d. 1138), the anglo-norman lord of chepstow, and a member of the powerful family of clare. walter of clare was also related by marriage to bishop william of winchester, who had introduced the first colony of...


read article
 browse articles


 


featured book





the motorist’s and aviator’s yearbook and diary 1910 with an a.b.c. legal guide by c.c. macklin
“the motor-car went poop-poop-poop, as it raced along the road. who was it steered it into a pond? ingenious mr. toad!” from wind in the willows by kenneth grahame” published 1908.

the early 1900s were a very exciting time for motoring and motor sports, in 1901 the first grand prix was held in france, although the first racing track was built at brooklands in surrey in 1907. in 1900 there were approximately 700 to 800 cars on the uk roads but...

read article
 browse archive


 
 




what people are saying






					you can follow us on:
					
facebook
twitter





stella and roses books



 




what the view is like





due to recent flooding, we have fitted a webcam to the outside of our shop to allow us to monitor the river level remotely. but it also allows our customers to get a view of the wye valley!
we'll try and keep the camera pointing in a sensible direction. let us know if you spot anything interesting! the image should refresh around every 10 to 15 minutes.
to see a large version of the image, click here.








 










follow us

 facebook
 twitter







contact us

tel: +44 (0)1291 689755
email: enquiry@stellabooks.com






customer comments
the latest delivery of books arrived in record time, and in great condition.  it has been an absolute pleasure to order books from your lovely bookshop.  your staff have been absolutely superb, and you clearly deserve all the accolades that you have received. 
                  b.d. (australia), august 2024






site information

privacy & cookies
terms & conditions
feedback
press page
links



 
 
















