
















tennis league, ladders, tournament management scoring software



















overview


features


pricing


contact us









              searching for a
              better way to manageyour league?
search no 
                further








  
		



		  get connected to the game in your area:
tennis
pickleball
paddle


















overview


features


pricing


contact us








              the leading 
              league management software for over 
              25 years.
            
tenniscores, pickleballscores and paddlescores are trusted by over 800 leagues throughout the us, canada and mexico, giving over one million players the ability to get even more out of the game they love.




paddlescores is the official platform of the apta















a feature-rich platform that’s as easy as it is powerful



leagues


flex leagues


ladders


tournaments


ratings


event registration


simple administration










leagues
online payment and registration, scheduling, scoring, team management and dynamic ratings are just a few features included on all our sites.
                

























flex leagues
provide your members with the ability to play their matches at a time and place that works for them.  players connect, set up their matches and enter their scores all online.
                

























ladders
there's no better way to find out where your game is!  ladders are an excellent way to give your members the opportunity to challenge online, set up their matches and score the results.  the ladder is dynamic, as scores are entered the ladder moves.
                

























tournaments
our tournament module provides all the features you need to run a local tournament or one at your club:  customize your draws, take online payment and registration, and enter your results in real time so players are always up-to-date.
                

























ratings
		  our dynamic rating system has been thoroughly tested and implemented and continues to come out on top with players everywhere.  you can choose from a 2.0-6.0 scale, or a reverse rating scale 80 to 0.
                

























event registration
you can schedule casual events like luncheons, play days and mixers and easily keep up with your invite lists.  your pros can schedule lessons, clinics and round robins without any hassle as all registrations are completed online with or without payment.
                

























simple administration
twenty-five years and over 800 leagues have helped us build an administration module that is both efficient and intuitive.  update, add, edit and delete - you always remain in full control of your league data.
                























              no subscription fee. no set-up costs.
              just simple, affordable, pay-as-you-play pricing.
            



                  league
                  play
                
$15
per team / per season


flex, ladders & tournaments
$3
per player


and all payments can be easily managed by team captains or other administrators directly through the platform.





              interested in learning more?
              let us know, and we’ll be in touch.
            




first name



last name





city



state





email





message





question: what is five times five?

1
		    2
		    5
		    25
		    100
		  




contact us








© 2000-2023. all rights reserved.





