









home - worcester center for crafts



















































































 
















classes & workshops

ceramics
metals
glass
photography
multimedia
healing  arts
youth & teen
2025 youth summer program
one-day workshops
corporate/group experiences
open studios


events & exhibits
handcrafted shop
get involved

artists-in-residence program
internships
volunteer
careers


rentals

ceramics membership
krikorian gallery rentals
event/meeting space rentals
host a birthday party
corporate/group experiences


support

the growing wall
donate
wishlist
craft classifieds
sponsors & partners


about

our studios
meet the artists-in-residence
our staff & board of directors
meet the instructors
news
diversity & inclusion
frequently asked questions
connect with us
policies
inclement weather updates



search






















 










inspiring & building a creative communitywe’re a community-based arts organization in worcester, ma, committed to providing quality craft education, assisting artists in gaining visibility and marketplace prominence, supporting entrepreneurship in the arts, and promoting an appreciation for fine craft and handmade objects.




















live the arts
whether you’re looking to learn a new craft, attend an exhibition, or shop handmade items from emerging and established artists, we have many ways you can join our community.
learn more about the craft center




learnclasses & workshopsbecome a creative maker through our classes and workshops.
browse classes & workshops




visitevents & exhibitionsjoin us for an upcoming event or exhibition.
browse events & exhibitions




shophandcrafted shopshop artisan crafted, handmade items in-store or online.
browse our online shopceramicsour community of students and artists enjoy introductory to advanced-level classes and workshops that utilize raku, electric oxidation, gas reduction, sodium vapor, and wood-fueled firing techniques.
metalswe offer metal courses and workshops that utilize various metalworking tools, enabling our students to explore the metal craft to the fullest extent.
glassthe glass courses and workshops we offer teach the making of stained glass and fused glass; these are open to beginner and intermediate artists.
multimediafrom fiber & textiles to collages and mixed media, our multimedia department has a wide array of courses and workshops to offer to any and all aspiring creatives!
healing artsour healing arts department has courses and workshops that offer creative practices that promote healing, wellness, coping, and personal change.
photographywith photography courses for beginners and experienced photographers, we cover a variety of mediums, including digital and darkroom photography.





upcoming events & exhibitionsi've known rivers: african americans + laborfebruary 1 – 28, 2025
learn more


 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 





 


artists in residence programopen to aspiring artists in clay, glass, and metals (and those who might work across more than one medium), the worcester center for crafts’ artists in residence program is designed to support the growth of pre-professional artists. residents are chosen through a competitive process and are with the center for 1 to 2 years.
learn more






helping for today and tomorrowsupporting and sustaining craft is not a singular activity – it takes many partners! become a supporter of the worcester center for crafts and not only receive our gratitude, but know you are helping craftspeople and artists sustain themselves and carry on long-lasting artistic traditions. our funding partners include the massachusetts cultural council and worcester state university, among many others. thanks go to our individual, institutional, and corporate supporters for helping this small organization carry out a big mission.
donate today











newsletterjoin the creative insider club to be the first to know about new classes, events, shows & more!
sign up






aboutabout us
our studios
our staff/board
our artists in residence
worcester state partnership
news
policies
contact
faqs
diversity & inclusion
covid information

classes & workshopsadults
kids & teen
private lessons/group experiences
scholarships
open studios

events & exhibitionskrikorian gallery
community gallery
annual events
growing wall

handcrafted shoprentalsceramic time share
event/meeting space
krikorian gallery rental

get involvedair
internship
volunteer

supportdonate
wishlist
craft classifieds
sponsors & partners
hours:general building hours
monday-friday: 9 am – 5 pm
gallery & store hours:
sunday: closed
monday: closed
tuesday: 10 am – 5 pm
wednesday: 10 am – 5pm
thursday: 10 am – 5 pm
friday: 10 am – 5 pm
saturday 10 am – 5 pm
class hours:
mornings, afternoons, and nights on weekdays and weekends. please see our course scheduling for exact details.

contact us25 sagamore road
worcester, ma 01605
508.753.8183
© 2025 worcester center for crafts. all rights reserveddesigned & developed by studio jade
terms of use. privacy policy.






















 

privacy preference center







privacy preferences




































































skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








