





			hardwood solitaire iv
			hardwood solitaire iv
		







































fun stuff



 














					games
				




hardwood solitaire iv


hardwood spades


hardwood backgammon


hardwood euchre


hardwood hearts


minesweeper


video poker duel










					store
				




solitaire iv items


hearts items


spades items


euchre items


backgammon items


video poker duel items










					leaderboards
				




hearts


spades


euchre


backgammon


solitaire










					help
				




 help portal


 all downloads


 blog






login
				
				or sign up















 




																
																 
															







		get it for ...
		

 


 


 



			
			and
			
				
windows


amazon


android


web


iphone/ipad


mac osx


xbox








play hardwood soliaire
              
              hardwood solitaire iv offers a flurry of beautiful solitaire games. escape from your day with more than 100 exciting solitaire games to play. 
              you can enjoy favorite solitaire games like klondike, spider, freecell, pyramid, yukon, and a whole lot more, including original 
              solitaire games you won't find anywhere else!
              
solitaire

 cool 3d effects this isn't boring solitaire, it's solitaire with some real kick! with cards that move and flip like the real deal.			
 lots of solitaire over 100 of the best solitaire card games to choose from!			
 buy only what you want with micro-transactions. the game is divided up into parts, you can just buy the parts you want and leave the parts you don't. we'll add more parts like decks, environments and additional solitaire games you can pick up if you want.
 achievements. solitaire iv has over 18 achievements you can earn, like wining 10 games, or just trying out 100, wining a game under a minute, etc. this adds a fun new way to play solitaire.
 leaderboards. each of the over 100 solitaire games has its own online leaderboard. see where you rank on the list, you might just be the best freecell player in the world! its effortless, as each game is automatically recorded for you.
 data ticker. find out whats going on with your own ticker just like the news. we'll show you who in the community is earning cool achievements, or show you the leaderboard for the game your playing in a convenient ticker format.
 tablet ready hardwood solitaire works great with phones and tablets, designed with touch in mind.

what the heck are you reading for... quit reading and let's go play the best solitaire game ever!



		get it for ...
		

 


 


 



			
			and
			
				
windows


amazon


android


web


iphone/ipad


mac osx


xbox








                        looking for hardwood solitaire iii?  ( old version) click here
note: hardwood solitaire iv does not use an unlock key like 
						solitaire iii. it will make more sense once you poke around the new game :)
































































 












		©2025 silver creek entertainment |
		terms |
		privacy policy |
		downloads |
		contact











