






victory chapel – 320 kidd's hill rd. hyannis, ma
































		skip to content	



 



victory chapel
320 kidd's hill rd. hyannis, ma








    menu	
home
live stream
downloads  

conference/rally archives
sermon locker


about  

service times & location
events calendar
staff
statement of faith
ministries  

childrens church
nursery


history
cape cod outreach churches
cfm church list


giving

  
			scroll down to content		












home







jesus is coming soon…   backslider come home…

welcome to church!  


welcome to victory chapel!
we are a bible-based, spirit-filled, non-denominational christian church with a passion to share the good news of jesus christ.  
the bible has the answers to the most important questions of life.  our messages apply those answers to practical daily living.
join us for worship

sunday – 11 am & 7 pm
wednesday – 7 pm
320 kidd’s hill road, hyannis, ma 02601


check out our new events website – cape180.com

click the image to make your reservation














events















about


victory chapel, located in hyannis, ma, is a full gospel pentecostal church, where jesus is still changing lives. our mission is to proclaim the gospel in our local community and throughout the world. we belong to a larger fellowship of churches called christian fellowship ministries, with over 2500 churches throughout the world. we hope that you will come visit us and see what god is doing in our church.
320 kidd’s hill road, hyannis, ma 02601
508-778-2350
service schedule
sunday
10 am sunday school
11 am worship
7 pm worship
wednesday
7 pm worship

for more information:

history
staff
statement of faith
our churches

 











staff


senior pastors: paul & linda campo

the church is pastored by paul m. campo who has ministered on the cape since 1986 and has been a minister of the gospel for nearly 40 years. pastor campo is a pastor-evangelist whose burden is to see men and women released to god’s calling.
associate pastors: chip and lori ganiear

pastor ganiear was a disciple in the rochester n.y. church. he and his wife lori pioneered a church for 3 years in the washington, d.c. area before joining the staff on cape cod.
door directors: roberto & laura frausto
roberto and laura are responsible for running the saturday night concert scene and organizing local outreach into the community.











		proudly powered by wordpress	










































































































































































