




konocti vista casino & resort | your best bet on the lake









































































































 skip to primary navigation skip to main contentkonocti vista casinoyour best bet on the lakegaming

player’s club
promotions


arcade

little caesars


accommodations

hotel
marina
rv park
convenience store


events

event calendar
event gallery
bass tournaments


banquets
dining

valentino’s restaurant
taste of konocti snack bar
little caesars
the point bar
marina bar


about

big valley rancheria
contact us
careers
covid-19 safety & public notices


 




your best bet on the lake
lake county’s premiere casino, marina, hotel and rv park

            make reservation        





                1/1            












konocti vista casino and resort hours
our casino is open 24 hours, 7 days a week for all of your gaming entertainment. for more information about our hours of operation visit our about page.

            click here to find out more about us.        





your best bet on the lake
hello, my name is jorge garcia. i am the general manager at konocti vista casino resort & marina. i would like to welcome you to our website and i hope that you find it informative and appealing.  come visit us when you have a chance and enjoy some of the newest and most exciting slot machines available. we are located right on the shores of clear lake, california’s largest natural lake and one of the oldest lakes in north america. my goal is to ensure that you enjoy your visit with us, whether you’re just here for a day or enjoying a weekend in our motel. if there is anything that needs to be fixed or if you would like to drop me a note to let me know how your visit was, i would appreciate it very much. my email address is generalmanager@kvcasino.com the next time you’re looking for an exciting getaway at a resort that has all of the amenities that you will need, remember konocti vista casino resort & marina, your best bet on the lake.











welcome to the resort
we are a short and scenic 2 hour drive from both san francisco and sacramento. our amenities include: 249 slot machines, a full service restaurant and snack bar, the point bar, 74 motel rooms right on the lake and adjacent to our 90 slip marina, convenience store and a full service 74 space rv park.





local amenities
there is plenty of entertainment only steps from our new casino floor! from fishing for large mouth bass in clear lake, kayaking, bird watching, hiking mount konocti to visiting local wineries for wine tastings, there is something to do for everybody! we also offer a sheltered marina and boat ramp to give you access to clear lake with the only on-the-water gas pump on the lake!










are you ready to win?
play your favorite games daily to earn drawing tickets and a chance to win your share of cash in our monthly promotions!

            see all promotions        






sign up for our newsletter and get access to special events, daily promotions and offers














 

 


what's happening





resort map
contact us
careers
about
affiliates
 

connect

                    konocti vista casino resort
                    2755 mission rancheria road
                    lakeport, ca 95453
                    (707) 262-1900

get directions




© 2025 konocti vista casino · responsible gaming






 
































