








sailonline.com


































						monday, 17 february 2025					


about sailonlineprivacycontact us
 










 











the one source for yacht charters and charter yacht ownership
















homechartersfirst time chartererswhat is boat charteringchoose your best charter typechoose your charter companychoose a cruising areachoose the right boatbooking your charteryour sailing resumehelpful files & resourcesyacht charter destinations chartcatamarans vs. monohullsbareboat destination skillssailing area tablecaribbean weather infowhat to pack for your chartercharter boat checklistinternet access on charterbriefing your charter crewsaving money & tipssaving money on charterall boat charter tips in 1 filebudget charter fleetsprovisioning a  charter boatbooking directly with a boat ownerthe charter days you really getmanaging your boat on charterboat charter with kidsseasickness tipsstarting a charter from the usviif you damage a charter boatflotilla charterscharter with a handicapped childcrewed yacht charterscrewed yacht charter mythsorganize a crewed chartercrewed charter tipsdiscount chartersbrowse the databasesubmit your boat listingboat ownershipyacht managementyacht management contractbuying a boat with a partnerbareboat vs. crewed yachtcharter yacht phase-outphase-out punch listyacht & marine surveyorscharter boat owners forumyacht financial toolsyacht financial management tools2nd tier fleets financial comparoactive ownership faqboat buyerslayman guide to charter boat ownershipis buying a charter boat for you?buying a used charter boatyacht buyer representationbareboat vs. crewed yacht ownershipactive yacht ownershipcustomers' testimonialscruising logsseamanshipgeneral seamanshipcaptain licenses'heaving to' maneuver: a mustcharter boat seamanship manualyacht crew certification: all answerssnorkeling & kayaking safelyrules of the roadmob crash-stop maneuvercharter boat checklist5 knots you must knowflag etiquetteemergencies on charterdistress calls at seanavigation & weathernavigation on a yacht charternavigation aids sheetsestimate distances at seaheavy weather basicscaribbean weather informationvhf use: the basicsboat handlingraising main sail | unpcanchoring technique & hand signalscatamaran sailing tipsdocking: avoid the embarrassment!mooring techniquemed-mooring techniquedinghy handling: make the best of it!reefing a catamarannews


login
























username



password



remember me







			forgot your password?



			forgot your username?



				create an account










































home 

















									charter yacht management tools							


 

 


these spreadsheets give charter yacht owners a comprehensive, specialized financial management tool designed especially for them. those tools are sailonline exclusives and are not available anywhere else on the internet.


				read more...


 





									charter boat ownership for dummies							


 

 


more and more people are buying monohulls and (mostly) catamarans and placing them into charter programs all over the globe. placing a yacht into charter management is a good way to reduce the cost of the boat and also offset the cost of ownership. there are different types of management programs offered by the industry that i will analyze and explain to ensure that you have a good understanding of what you will be getting into if you decide to place a yacht into charter management.


				read more...







									top ten reasons to own a charter boat							


 

 


we sold 'katlo', a lagoon 450 four years ago to owners, kathy and mackie. 'katlo' was placed in the luxury charter business in the bvi and has quickly made a name for herself in the industry.  we have had glowing reviews from the owners, crew and charter guests and thanks to their great experience, they have given us their 'top ten reasons to own a charter yacht'.


				read more...







									knots you must know							


 

 


like other articles in this section, this is not an in-depth knot encyclopedia. just 5 knots that you should definitely know to handle almost any kind of situation or need during your charter. as a bonus, knot-making is a great past time for kids and it should keep them happily busy for quite a while—watch their ecstatic face when they nail their first bowline!


				read more...







									is buying a charter yacht for you?							


 

 


the preliminary soul searching exercise
the good news is buying a boat an investment?


				read more...





	more articles...


buying a pre-owned charter boat


what to pack for a charter


charter boat seamanship manual


charter boat business and tax issues

 


				page 1 of 3			
						<< start < prev 1 2 3 next > end >>		

























resources







premium filespre-owned yachtscharter boat owners/buyers forumfavorite linksregister 













subscribe to our group





















built their boat. 50k miles at sea. learn all they know with fun!






 









copyright ©2000 - 2022 sailonline.com. unauthorized reproduction prohibited. sailonline is not affiliated with any charter company. 




