



bic corporate  | bic


 contact us eshop   group commitments careers investors news   group our storygovernanceour creations & innovationsbic artcontact us commitments bic foundationbic & educationsustainabilitycommitments to our team memberswriting the future, togetherglobal education week careers why bicjobsour teamsour locations investors bic share priceshareholders meetingspress releasesfinancial calendarkey figuresuniversal registration documenthalf year reportregulated informationesg portal news                             bic ez load lighter is a 
2025 product of the year usa winnerbic acquires tangle teezer 
premium detangling haircare company wicked, the movie
... and the 4 colors penhow much do you know 
about bic and the world of art?                            commitments sustainability      read more group our story     read more careers apply now ! read more                   




                   latest news                                                                  
    read our latest news
                        we bring simplicity and joy to everyday life
bic is a world leader in stationery, lighters, and shavers. guided by a long-term vision of providing high-quality, affordable products to consumers everywhere.     
          read more
                                              our brands                          
    shop our products
                                        

                                                 discover the bic universe
bic and its brands are present in more than 160 countries around the world. here are all the group's sites, depending on what you are looking for:                                            corporate
information here you will find the history of bic, our current job openings, bic’s commitments, sustainable development initiatives, and more. click below to discover what makes bic, bic.  go to the website  buying bic
products bic products are available online in many countries around the world. for more information, click below to shop online. go to the website  financial
information click below to access financial information, share prices and general meeting reports.  go to the website  product
information looking for information about our most recent innovations? click below to discover the latest updates.  go to the website            bic around the world
                                  

 the organization


information about bic’s history, careers and brands



us       fr      es      pt

shop online


buy bic products now at bic.com, available in these countries



us



fr

investors


information for investors, including financial publications



us



fr

global websites


information about products, innovations, and our latest campaigns around the world



us     eu



mea

             follow us       group our storygovernanceour creations & innovationsbic artcontact us commitments bic foundationbic & educationsustainabilitycommitments to our team memberswriting the future, togetherglobal education week careers why bicjobsour teamsour locations investors bic share priceshareholders meetingspress releasesfinancial calendarkey figuresuniversal registration documenthalf year reportregulated informationesg portal news  copyright 2025© bic®  terms of use  privacy cookies code of conduct policy  ️


