


christian writers information writing help critique groups

















writers information networkthe professional association for christian writers




welcome to writers information network. it is our hope that we can provide you with information, advice, help, critique, and resources for christian writers and authors.










site index
             
      
conferences
critique groups

faq's
guidelines


bookshelf
 win application
poetry
publishers
self-publishing
writing tips










 who we are
writers information network  is a professional christian writers association organized in 1983 in 
        seattle, washington to:
provide a much needed link between christian writers and editors/publishers of the religious publishing industry. 
  further professional development in writing and marketing 
  skills of christian writers.
  provide a meeting ground of encouragement and fellowship 
  for persons engaged in christian writing and speaking.


 our  purpose
furnish christian writers with up-to-date market information on religious book and magazine publishers and to keep writers abreast of industry news and trends.
share quality writing helps, tips, connections, and how-to advice through christian writers conferences, workshops and seminars conducted around the country.
provide a referral system matching people needing the services of writers/speakers with win writers/speakers whose qualifications meet their need.
offer fee-paid critiquing, consulting, writing, and marketing. 




information and services available
bimonthly in-depth magazine, win-informer, packed with articles, industry news, and trends for christian writers.
up-to-date christian market needs and information on where you can sell your writing.
professional advice on marketing, ethics, contracts, editor relations, copyright, writing problems, and miscellaneous writing concerns. press card and tip sheet on usage.author referral service to professionals seeking writers/speakers.
browse our recommended reference books for christian writers, poets and speakers listed on our christian writer's bookshelf. 


 membership our membership roster 
open to anyone completing our membership application and submitting it with the annual membership fee. make your check / m.o. payable to win.  $49.95 (1-year) $90 (2-years) u.s. members;  in canada and foreign countries: $60 (1-year) $110 (2-years) in u.s. equivalent funds. 
please include your author biographical sketch or resume for our files and referral service. 
send sase for press card and tip sheet, consultation/editing fee schedule, or win writers guidelines. 
no renewal notices are sent. watch your mailing label for your expiration/renewal date!





 
our magazine
the win-informer 
        is a bimonthly publication of the writers information network, and provides 
        a much needed link between christian writers, editors and other users 
        of inspirational communication.

the purpose of our 
          magazine:
to further professional 
          development in writing and marketing skills of christian writers.
to provide a meeting ground 
          of encouragement/fellowship for persons engaged in writing and speaking.
to furnish writers with 
          up-to-date market information on religious book and magazine/periodical 
          publishers.
to keep writers abreast 
          of industry news and trends
          to share quality writing helps, tips, connections, and how-to advice.
contents of our magazine:

up-to-date market 
              information anything that is news-worthy that will tell our 
              writers what today's religious editors seek.
industry news and 
            trends if you learn a hot tip, spot a trend or see an announcement 
            made in the religious periodicals you read, pass it on. for example, blogs have been a hot topic as of late, and we did a special report on how to start a blog and make money.
writing helps, 
            connections, how-to advice and challenging articles we will 
            share short, pithy ideas of what is working for you, or the best suggestions 
            that you've picked up at conferences. we like practical advice writers 
            can put to work to advance their freelance writing/speaking career. 
            we also consider devotional/inspirational material and quotes with "take-away 
            value" from successful christian authors.
writers clubs/ 
            fellowship groups/ and conference announcements we are happy 
            to pass along news of events of interest to christian writers and speakers. 
            send a press release. our publication is read in all 50 states and 12 
            foreign countries. our readers want to learn of happenings in their 
            part of the world.
book reviews books 
            of special writing/speaking interest to writers; books by any of our 
            win members; books by name authors that show what is happening in our 
            world; books by authors that writers and speakers should be reading 
            for broader exposure to the thinking and successes of our day.


care to submit an 
        article? read our guidelines.

note:  
          do not send manuscripts to writers information network that do not meet 
          the guidelines of the win-informer. we accept e-mail submissions 
          only.


manuscripts must most of 
          all be "encouraging" to professional christian writers.
they should also be crisp, 
          show vigor and vitality, and be "reader friendly". 
queries not necessary. 
          100-500 words maximum length. enclose sase. we try to respond within 
          two months.
payment varies, $20-$50 
          depending on length and quality, or often a one-year subscription to 
          win. accepts first rights only. 
sample copy $5.00. send 
          9 x 12" envelope with 3-stamps, and your check made payable to 
          win. 




pardon our dust. we are redesigning the web site! 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

040120-00000
  040220-00506
  050321-05345
  060213-12720 
   

 
 


