





e-guana









































		skip to content	



e-guana

				just another wordpress site			










auto insurance companies – how to choose the best car insurance company 

the best car insurance companies are those that provide a policy with a fair price. a car insurance policy is not a contract between you and the insurer; it is a contract between you and the insurer. insurance companies compete for your business by offering low rates. the insurance industry works under a complex system of overhead and bureaucracy. this means that they must treat you as a higher cost, or risk, then a lower cost, or risk.
to help you discover the best car insurance companies, we compiled statistics on pricing and customer satisfaction for large corporations nationwide. discounts were compared for common policy provisions. and factor in customer satisfaction and complaints made directly to state insurance regulators. the results will surprise you. for example, the best auto insurance companies often charge premiums that are just below what many people earn in an annual wage.
if you want to find the best car insurance companies in your area, start by shopping around. compare premiums and discounts and consider how it would affect you. are you married? do you have a teen driver? do you own your home?
we next compiled our information on the best car insurance companies based on two factors: average annual premium and user rating. the formula for rating a company is divided by its number of policy claims per year and its ratio of total claims to policy holders. we then looked at our policyholders’ preferences. who do you trust more – a representative from your bank or credit card firm or a giant advertising agency? what kind of policy do you want? do you need full coverage, or can you get the minimum coverage?
finally, we searched the internet to see what kind of ratings the best car insurance companies had. we found that there were three well-respected consumer advocacy organizations in the u.s. one is j.d. powers and associates and one are a.m. best and company.
in order to rank the best car insurance companies according to our research, we also looked at how they provided discounts. although not every insurer offers all discounts, we were interested in finding out which companies gave the most discounts and which did not. the discounts vary greatly from company to company. it’s best to get quotes from at least three car insurance companies if you really want to get a good deal. that way, you have more options and can compare prices and discounts.
our research also showed us that insurance companies that using telematics to contact drivers about their rates were actually ranked lower than those that didn’t. for instance, one insurer reported that it had contacted 9.5 million people by phone and mail in the past year. only half of the people indicated that they planned to switch to the new insurer, so the insurer lost money on that campaign. on the other hand, the majority of the people who received telematics for their insurance did not make any such switch. so the real question is whether these new campaigns are truly effective or not.
finally, we investigated how well auto insurers measured the risk of drivers. different companies had different ways of calculating premiums, and some had even different ways of calculating the level of risk for different drivers. so we looked at how well each of these factors varied among the different companies. we found that the most important factor, measured by insurance companies across the board, was the driver’s age.
the best deal for older drivers is often a higher deductible for liability coverage. this means that the driver will have to pay more out of pocket before the insurance provider settles the claim. but this higher deductible does not necessarily mean that the driver will get a lower rate. in fact, some of the best deals for older drivers may be quite affordable for them.
as the age of a person rises, so does the amount of liability they are considered to carry. for that reason, the level of cover that the insurer purchases from the same insurer does not necessarily change. however, it is always good to shop around for better prices and discounts. start with your current insurer to see if they can give you a discount. you can always shop around for a better deal with other insurers.
our final investigation method involved using an auto insurance company price comparison website to help us find the best deal. we entered our vehicle information such as model and year, as well as, the type of coverage we wanted. once we got the price, we could then look at the different policies to see which one had the best combination of value and quality. ultimately, we chose a policy that offered collision and property damage liability coverage at a discount.https://www.youtube.com/embed/ibzfixampr0


posted bywilliam robertsjuly 13, 2020july 13, 2021posted inblogging 



using an umbrella insurance calculator to determine your property protection and liability protection 

the difference between the actual amount of liability coverage you have for your home and car and your estimated property and liability values represent a gap in insurance coverage. if your estimated values exceed the maximum limits on your home or car policies, consider a portable umbrella insurance policy to protect additional coverage.
when you use an umbrella insurance calculator, you are not merely calculating the liability property limits for your current policy. instead, you calculate how much additional coverage you may need if they do not fit under the umbrella coverage limits of your current policies.
many insurance liability calculators are available online. they are simple to use and can be run in a matter of minutes. after the information is entered, the umbrella insurance calculator will give you the amount of coverage that you need.
if you use an umbrella insurance calculator to get a quote for liability and property limits, it will provide you with a minimum coverage required by your state. this minimum coverage can vary from state to state. therefore, your estimates for liability and property limits will vary from one state to another.
using an umbrella insurance calculator for liability protection may require some knowledge of liability and property laws in your state. it would be helpful to familiarize yourself with them before you begin. you can get a free liability insurance quote from the national insurance crime bureau (nicb). you can also find information about various laws and regulations pertaining to liability and property limits in your state through your state insurance department.
while it may seem simple to use an umbrella insurance calculator to determine your minimum required liability and property protection limits, it does take some thinking to determine your current home/car insurance rates and your estimated values for these items. for example, you must know the average cost of repairs for your home as well as the estimated value of your car.
liability is not covered by home and auto coverage policies for the full value of the insured asset. this means that you will only be able to collect the cost of repairs if you are found liable for an accident or damage to someone else’s property or injury.
liability and property protection does not cover the liability of renters, who could cause damage to your car while living in it. the difference in the estimated value of the car and the estimate for the replacement value for the car will be using to determine your liability protection and replacement value. if you are in the market for car insurance, you may want to use this calculator to help you determine the amount of liability coverage you will need on your car. before purchasing your car insurance policy.
once you have established the amount of liability coverage you will need on your car, you will need to determine what type of protection you want to purchase for the other items covered under your liability policy. liability is often the least expensive form of coverage, so you should buy this type of protection first.
home owners insurance will protect your home against damage or loss due to fire or water leakage from the house. this coverage is usually inexpensive.
an umbrella insurance calculator can be useful to determine your property limits. this includes liability coverage for injuries sustained by you or others on your property or on your home, and for theft of items inside your home. such as furniture, jewelry, pictures or antiques.
liability and property protection insurance, while providing less financial protection than home owners insurance, is more expensive to obtain and to maintain. therefore, it may be a better idea to select this type of insurance first when shopping for a home or vehicle insurance policy.


posted bywilliam robertsjune 25, 2020september 5, 2020posted inblogging 



the things to know about self publishing companies in 2019 


considering
a self publishing company like reedsy or lulu for releasing your next
book? an increasing number of established and first-time authors are
choosing self publishing as their avenue – and there are many good
reasons why self publishing can suit their needs better than a
contract with a traditional publishing house. 

here
are some things that you should know about self publishing companies
in 2019 if you’re one of thousands of authors considering it. 

self
publishing is the author’s advantage
self
publishing companies put the power in the hands of the author.
companies like reedsy and lulu allow you to publish the work when you
believe it’s ready, and they put statistics right at your fingertips
– getting from book sales to money in your account is also cut down
to a few days instead of a few months. 

publishing
a book through a  self-publishing company can give you the advantage
when it comes to sales, promotion and when your book hits the market.
this is undeniable power if you also happen  to be a good promoter
(and if you’re not, learn the skill of promotion now). 

self
publishing companies allow for mainstream publication
twenty
or thirty years ago, self publication meant that an author had to
approach a printing company, and often they had to front the money
for the printing first. this resulted in several boxes of copies that
the author had to sell themselves while needing to approach and
contact bookstores and other retailers. 

today,
self publishing is a lot easier thanks to companies like reedsy.
authors can write, format, proofread and upload their manuscripts
directly to the platform, request an isbn number and sell or promote
your manuscript to platforms like amazon. 

on
markets like amazon, it sure saves you the thousands of trips to
stores you would have needed to take twenty years ago (and it’s a lot
easier too). 

self
published books are strong competitors 

for
years, there was this unspoken “war” between published and self
published authors. today, this has faded into the background, and
self published books have stuck around for long enough to show that
they can be strong competitors for traditional publishing houses. 

fans
of an author’s work will continue to read their work no matter who is
publishing it. (would you stop reading stephen king if, suddenly, he
owned his own publishing house or chose reedsy? if you’re already a
fan, most people would not.) 

self
published works can compete just as strongly on the charts as
everything else. don’t believe it? angela’s ashes, the
biography-turned-movie, was self published first. 

self
publishing companies work for new and established authors
self
publishing companies can suit your needs if you’re an author
publishing their first or second manuscript, and they can help you if
you’re already an established author. 

while
some traditional publishing houses will discriminate between the two,
self publishing companies won’t. that’s one of the biggest advantages
that self publishing companies can offer authors above going with a
traditional publishing house, and even many established authors are
switching over. 

self
publishing companies don’t require an agent
a
lot of bigger publishing companies don’t consider unagented
submissions at all. this cuts first-time (and many already
established) writers out of getting their manuscripts published. 

if
you don’t have an agent, self publishing is the perfect way to get
your work out there: and you, as the author, have a lot more control
over the final product’s look and promotion. 

self
publishing companies dominate the market 

works published through self publishing companies are grabbing an increasing chunk of the overall market share, and offering traditional publishing houses strong enough competition.  


posted bywilliam robertsoctober 26, 2019october 26, 2019posted inblogging 



how to get the best stand mixer 

perhaps you presently have a stand mixer and you’re wondering whether you should get a hand mixer too. it can also come with a number of attachments designed for additional functionality than just simply mixing ingredients. perhaps you wish for a stand mixer that could deliver excellent bread dough, or you desire a kitchen appliance that’s as aesthetically pleasing as it’s functional. if you are searching for the best stand mixer under 100$ a hamilton beach 63325 is a fantastic option for you.
after all, it’s challenging to discover a mixer that doesn’t move at all during high speeds. if you’ve got the ideal hand mixer in your hand, we’re certain you will be in a position to create a meal with professional quality and taste.
while buying a mixer always remember the size of the bowl. in that situation, you want a hand mixer, and we tested seven to obtain the best one. a superb hand mixer will surely create the job easier, but in the event you really need to free up some time (and your hands), you may want to look at a stand mixer.
most stand mixers have a three-year warranty. the hand mixers aren’t stationary and thus involves plenty of manual work. it is an incredibly useful appliance to have in your kitchen. it can be the perfect solution to making cooking and baking a lot easier. you cannot discover a hand mixer with this kind of a warranty. on top of that, you may usually use a hand mixer with almost any kind of bowl or pan. you will be able to find a great hand mixer for less than $100 that has every one of the characteristics that you ought to make virtually anything.
nowadays all mixers have a great deal of design in them but if you’re a critical baker, the main part of a is it’s functionality and robustness. if you would like your stand mixer to be stylish in addition to efficient, the kitchenaid artisan series is the ideal stand mixer that you dream about. if it comes to purchasing a durable stand mixer, there are plenty of things you are going to want to look for.
best stand mixer – what is it?
some people have the inclination to keep away from hand mixers due to the fact that they feel as they won’t get the exact tools a stationary mixer can provide, but that just isn’t accurate. the electric hand mixer is way cheaper in comparison to the effective 9-speed hand mixers, but in addition, it offers limited capabilities.
maybe you are in need of a mixer with dual heads if you’re baking for a big family. kitchenaid mixers have existed for almost 100 decades and currently dominate the market. not just the stand mixers from kitchenaid are excellent, but they’re also absolutely gorgeous.
if you looked at a set of stand mixers from a distance, there are just a few which you would have the ability to identify by name. if you’ll be using your stand mixer on a normal basis it is advisable to purchase one with higher motor power. there’s plenty to think about when purchasing a stand mixer. when it has to do with picking up the ideal stand mixers, you should check the speed options it comes with it.


posted bywilliam robertsoctober 17, 2019october 17, 2019posted inblogging 









search for:



categories

blogging




recent posts


auto insurance companies – how to choose the best car insurance company


using an umbrella insurance calculator to determine your property protection and liability protection


the things to know about self publishing companies in 2019


how to get the best stand mixer


 


e-guana,
						
				proudly powered by wordpress.			














