





the lodge at riverside















































































































 








 home
accommodations
guest directory
faqs
 








book now












 







 






book now
















 








be our guest
 



book direct and save 



(541) 955-0600 






















 



welcome to the lodge at riverside 



experience the finest in grants pass hospitality.  located on the rogue river, near downtown grants pass, we are the ideal location for all southern oregon has to offer.as the top choice for accommodations in grants pass, our comfortable and welcoming guest rooms offer the best views and a convenient location to explore or just relax riverside. 







your basecamp to 
southern oregon adventures 





 



 



 





 



 



 





 



 



 



 











 







rooms & suites 



relax in style & comfort 







indulge in riverside serenity with our range of luxurious rooms, each meticulously designed for your comfort. from cozy retreats to spacious suites, our well-appointed accommodations offer a perfect blend of elegance and tranquility. immerse yourself in the soothing ambiance as you relish breathtaking river views throughout your stay. 






view all rooms



















 







suites  






 
king bed, spa tub & balcony













book now















 







deluxe rooms 






 
spacious king or queen rooms













book now















 







standard rooms 






 
king or queen rooms













book now




















 



our amenities 



we strive to live up to the ranking as the best hotel in grants pass. top rated service, riverfront views, well appointed rooms and country house inn’s hospitality all make for an exceptional stay. all of our spacious rooms feature serta presidential pillow top beds with down comforters, terrycloth bath robes and aveda spa products. it is our joy to provide you with great service and amenities for you to have a memorable stay. 







evening wine receptionbe our guest at our evening wine and cheese reception. enjoy the warmth of our fireplace and our hospitality. 







nightly milk & cookies join us nightly for freshly baked cookies with a nice glass of milk.  you'll love our legendary cookies. 







swimming poolonly at the lodge at riverside can you relax poolside and enjoy the sites and sound of the rogue river. 







free hi-speed wificonnect fast and easy with our new fiber connected high-speed wifi system. 














great location 



located on the rogue river yet in downtown grants pass. walking distance to the historic district featuring great dining choices and eclectic shopping. 





 









 





swimming pool 



dive into tranquility at our poolside oasis. enjoy the refreshing seasonal pool while soaking in the sun and the exclusive view of the rogue river. relax and rejuvenate in this serene setting, perfect for relaxing after a day of sightseeing or wine tasting. 









breakfast 



begin your day on a delightful note with our hearty hot breakfast spread. delight in piping hot coffee and a variety of juices to fuel you up for the day ahead. our homestyle breakfast has you covered. join us each morning and let us jumpstart your day. 





 










the lodge at riverside 



book direct to get the best deal 



we want you have the most enjoyable stay with us, and that includes getting the best value.  when you book direct with us you will get the best price and avoid the inconvenience that your reservation is in the hands of a third party. 










 




							free 12 noon check-out*						














 




							best rate guarantee						














book now











 





























 home
accommodations
guest directory
faqs
 




















 



 955 se 7th streetgrants pass, or 97526(541)  955-0600 







 






 











email us

















 




countryhouseinns.com 






join us 




being connected has its perks. join our mailing list for the best rates and special offers. 












								name							




								email							







send

















copyright © 2024, vintage hotels inc 






  































































