 






















			british educational research association | bera		























	skip to content












mobile menu







themes







search mobile menu







edit profile









			become a bera member		

			as a bera member you will receive access to the bera journals and the latest digital issue of research intelligence, be able to join communities and receive member discounts when booking events.		

become a member
login



publications
toggle dropdown menu





publications home
research intelligence
bera journals
books
reports
ethics and guidance
publications series
podcast series


projects
blog
toggle dropdown menu





bera blog home
about the blog
blog special issues
blog series
submission policy
bera bites


opportunities
toggle dropdown menu





opportunities home
awards and funding


communities
toggle dropdown menu





communities home
special interest groups
networks


events
toggle dropdown menu





events home
bera conference 2025
upcoming events
past events
event videos
past conferences


about
toggle dropdown menu





about home
bera membership
governance
our people


news


discussion forums






						search
					


search all
            content






















						about					


						the british educational research association (bera) is the leading authority on educational research in the uk, supporting and representing the community of scholars, practitioners and everyone...					








						the curriculum journal: call for editorial board members					


						closes 1 apr 2025					

						the curriculum journal (cj) is seeking expressions of interest from educational researchers to join its editorial board. this is an exciting opportunity to contribute to the strategic development...					


					publishing opportunityopen				







						editorial: beyond ‘navel gazing’: autoethnography as a catalyst for change					


						chiying (gigi) lam and liliana belkin					

						autoethnography holds significant relevance as a methodology in social justice work within educational research and practice (boylorn, 2006; ellis, 2002; skousen, 2022). it is defined as a...					


					blog post14 feb 2025				














 

 




























						2025/2026 bera small grants fund					


						closes 14 may 2025					

						researching additional support needs (asn)/special educational needs and disabilities (send) £5000 per project available					


					awardopen				












						beyond ‘navel gazing’: autoethnography as a catalyst for change					


						in april and july of 2023, the bera social justice special interest group (sig) held an event titled ‘beyond “navel-gazing”: autoethnography as a catalyst for change’. this event brought...					


					blog special issues				







						bera conference 2025					


						university of sussex					

						the 2025 bera conference will be held 9th-11th september 2025 at the university of sussex. abstract submission now open: deadline 31 january 2025					


					upcoming conference				








                upcoming events              








					academic writing retreat				

19 feb 2025 - 20 feb 2025

					this writing retreat will create a productive environment for participants to write. there are quiet spaces to write, with short spaces to share tips and tools, to overcome writing blocks, and to...				







				upcoming eventvirtual 







					presidential seminar series: the struggle for curriculum knowledge and culture: what’s next for england?				

25 feb 2025 10:00 am - 4:00 pm

presidential seminar series 2024–2026 

					in july 2024 a newly elected labour government announced an independent curriculum and assessment review for england spanning from key stage 1 through to key stage 5. the purpose of this exercise...				







				upcoming eventin person 







					the overlaps and intersections of playwork and youth work				

7 mar 2025 10:00 am - 11:30 am

					this online event explores the potential overlaps and intersections in services provided to children and young people in the uk, focusing on the perspectives of playworkers and youth workers....				







				upcoming eventvirtual 







					researching gender & sexuality in educational settings				

12 mar 2025 5:00 pm - 7:00 pm

					join us for an online event hosted by the sexualities and gender special interest group of the british education research association. call for abstracts calling all educators, researchers, and...				







				upcoming eventvirtual 







                    view more                  











						bera teacher network					


						the bera teacher network is an inclusive community of educators from early years, primary, and secondary schools and further, adult and vocational education in the uk. the network serves as a...					


					network				







						early career researcher network					


						the bera early career researcher (ecr) network aims to offer support to those who are in the process of completing their masters or doctorate in education, as well as those who have completed...					


					network				







						neurodivergent researchers network					


						the bera neurodivergent researchers network is a new initiative launched by the british educational research association (bera). the network is intended to provide a platform for neurodivergent...					


					network				







						event videos					


						this page features videos and presentations from bera events					









                the latest from the bera blog              








					editorial: beyond ‘navel gazing’: autoethnography as a catalyst for change				


					autoethnography holds significant relevance as a methodology in social justice work within educational research and practice (boylorn, 2006; ellis, 2002; skousen, 2022). it is defined as a...				
continue
						reading blog post




chiying (gigi) lam



liliana belkin





				blog post14 feb 2025			







					narrating self, narrating us: autoethnography in black women’s storytelling				


					telling stories has been part of my upbringing since birth. my jamaican immigrant grandparents used stories to shape my identity, build character, and share their histories – stories of arriving...				
continue
						reading blog post




mel green





				blog post14 feb 2025			







					autoethnography and stakeholder engagement				


					in this blog post i report on my winston churchill foundation research fellowship study on the adultification of black girls in state care in 2023 (ikomi, 2024). adultification can occur in a...				
continue
						reading blog post




sylvia ikomi





				blog post14 feb 2025			







					ripple effects: from the ‘auto’ to wider narratives of social purpose				


					historically, self-reflective work has been disparaged as narcissistic or uncritical. in this blog post, i outline two ways, drawn from my own research and practice, in which starting from an...				
continue
						reading blog post




karen hanrahan





				blog post14 feb 2025			







                    bera blog                  






























see all news
terms and conditions
direct debit guarantee
cookie policy




british educational research association

elizabeth meehan suite, regent house

1-6 pratt mews

london nw1 0ad 

0204 570 4265

enquiries@bera.ac.uk



© bera 2025

charity number: 1150237

designed and developed by soapbox













