


the dishpan chronicles































name: kitchen window woman
location: a kitchen in a canyon in california

view my profile
















resident scholars of the a.p.i.

the american patriot institute




a human patriot - bradley manning
fascism in america - then and now
veterans for peace chained to white house fence
free bradley manning
prayer and punishment in public school - re-posted
end corporate terrorism
koko's earth control - a timely  metaphor
the loss of a natural friend
end israeli  apartheid now!
real men don't rape





archives list
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
october 2009
march 2010
april 2010
august 2010
september 2010
december 2010
april 2011
december 2011




arlington west
the hillbilly artist's folk art from the mountains
ink art by terry g.
new york nitty-gritty
south fields daily photo
wood s lot



at hell's gate
blackwater
the constitution of the united states



catfish's closet
willie nelson - peace research institute



joe bageant
sim carter's stories
michael parenti polical archive
liquid plastic



site design by:
blogs gone wild!





progressive women's blog ring
join | 
list | 
previous | 
next | 
random |
previous 5 | 
next 5 | 
skip previous | 
skip next
powered by ringsurf






 












saturday, december 17, 2011



	 
	 a human patriot - bradley manning
	 
    


thank  you graham nash and james raymond  (david cosby's son) for this song.  if we can say it, we can sing it - if we can sing it, we can say it... and we will! bradley manning - a human hero.



posted by kitchen window woman at 1:18 am
3 comments






wednesday, april 20, 2011



	 
	 fascism in america - then and now
	 
    


photo - william randolph hearst with fascist friends and business partnersfascism should more appropriately be called corporatism because it is a merger of state and corporate power”  -  benito mussolini  (italian dictator, 1883-1945) remember when george w. bush, of america's foremost fascist family, tried to sell you his twisted form of democracy under the guise of an "ownership society"? here's what was said in the 30's about ownership... " the first truth is that the liberty of a democracy is not safe if the people tolerate the growth of private power to a point where it becomes stronger than their democratic state itself. that, in essence, is fascism - ownership of government by an individual, by a group, or by any other controlling private power... among us today a concentration of private power without equal in history is growing."  -  franklin d. roosevelt  we not only defeated the fascists in europe - we defeated them here at home and must do so again! think of governor snyder of michigan dissolving the entire political structure of a small town - all of whom were elected by the voters of that town. think of those who inherited the whirlpool corporation, shipped all of the jobs overseas, and  pay no tariffs on the products they export back into the states - boycott whirlpool! they are driving  governor snyder's illegal takeover of an entire michigan town (which used to have jobs at whirlpool). soon there will be a golf course and  expensive homes  for the corporate elites in benton harbor. wow, private lakefront  parcels on the beach that used to belong to the town's people. look at the dirty work of scott walker of wisconsin, who represents not the people of wisconsin, but instead does the bidding of the koch brothers, who bought him body and soul. a free people in the state of wisconsin are forbidden to be members of a union? chemicals in lake michigan anyone?  the tea party and the gop are symbiotic fascists. the republicans of the 1930's were directly involved with the german and italian fascists. general electric pays no taxes in the usa like the rest of us do. back in the 30's general electric, a fascist corporation, openly supported the fascist movement in europe and the united states. general motors and ibm were solid fascists ideologically, provided massive financial support to hitler and provided vehicles, and other necessary war supplies for his army. our dad's, granddads, and other family members faced italian, german, and yes, even japanese soldiers supplied by american and british corporations. fascists put money and power above people. the people are to be completely controlled and enslaved by the corporate state. that's why no unions, no social security, no medical care and no jobs. the radical right wing fascists want americans to be homeless, hungry, sick, weak, and afraid. the only jobs will be in the military which will be busy waging never ending wars for complete global control all over the planet. a grim future for our children and grandchildren. fascist corporations of the 30's include jp morgan, dupont, colgate, standard oil, chase national bank, goodyear tire, heinz foods among many, many more. there are even more fascist corporations today with many of those above still working to end democracy. charles lindbergh, aviator hero was deeply involved with fascist germany. william randolph hearst used his publishing concerns to propagandize  american fascism and make germany and hitler look good by not printing some of the news, or by heavily  slanting it. today, rupert murdoch carries on for hearst. racist henry ford, of ford motors and a radical, rabid fascist was special to hitler who said of ford, "he is my inspiration". hitler kept a life-sized photo cardboard cut out of mr. ford in his office. all of america's corporate fascists talked peace to keep the us from going to war with their fascist cash cows in europe and asia corporatism or fascism is chipping away at american democracy every day. the republicans and tea baggers are no longer hiding their fascist values. they are actively and purposely dismantling american laws and the rights of the american people. as hitler rose to power in the 30's over 400 hundred years of german laws were gutted. although the titles remained the same the content had been manipulated to reflect the values of hitler and the nazi party or replaced entirely to restrict or remove the rights of german citizens. the co-opted german legal system formed the foundation of hitler's fascist government and enabled nazi aggression across europe.the actions of governors walker and snyder and those of the radical conservative governors of several other states are part of a much bigger plan. fascism  must be stopped.  roosevelt and american workers stopped the fascists before  - we must do it again! we cannot allow these irresponsible, indifferent, sociopaths destroy democracy and the entire planet!forget the taliban over there - the real war for "our freedom" is here in america.american democracy must be protected from the homegrown predators our midst...........kitchen window woman..........labels: american fascism, benton harbor, corporatism, fascism, franklin roosevelt, gov. scott walker, gov. snyder, hitler, michigan, mussolini, republicans, tea party, wisconsin



posted by kitchen window woman at 5:34 pm
1 comments






thursday, december 16, 2010



	 
	 veterans for peace chained to white house fence
	 
    


veterans for peace has done what americans everywhere should do...take it to the white house - take it to the streets!  obama has escalated these wars and began new ones in pakistan and yeman. he is not what he passed himself off to be during the campaign. he is every bit as much a war waging profiteer as members of the bush clan. obama believes in empire - his actions have exposed his true values. he has turned his face toward the conservative corporate power structure while showing his back to the majority of the people in this country. face us obama!americans need to wake up and take responsibility for the destruction that the armies of the corporate "we the people"  have visited upon innocent, defenseless people all over the world.the american economy is in the toilet because of the money wasted on the war machine. these wars are the elephant in the room.want to save money? want to bring down the deficit? then... no money for war! no tax cuts for billionaires! no money for israel! take heed - veterans for peace has a powerful message.take action - stop the war machine!thank you to all of my veterans for peace sisters and brothers who took part in this action. you have done your country proud........wage peace........kitchen window womanlabels: chained to fence, culture of war, obama, veterans for peace, white house



posted by kitchen window woman at 10:53 am
0 comments






saturday, september 18, 2010



	 
	 free bradley manning
	 
    


i just finished this sign which we will be taking to the free bradley manning rally in san diego at horton plaza on sunday, september 19, 2010 from 12:00 - 2:00 pm. we will be there with our fellow members of san diego veterans for peace.we teach our children to tell the truth only to have uncle sam via the us military demand that they lie about war crimes. the lying and covering up crimes is as criminal as the murder of innocents.shame on uncle sam. shame on our arrogant, bloated, bullying military. it is time that the american armed forces remember that they work for 'we the people'. it is time that the american military remember their place. the direct violation of international law is unacceptable. no mission or order trumps international law or the constitution that is the foundation of our nation.bradley manning is a true american hero. we need many more like him.blow your whistle loud and clear .............kitchen window woman.............



posted by kitchen window woman at 9:30 pm
0 comments






wednesday, september 08, 2010



	 
	 prayer and punishment in public school - re-posted
	 
    


religious hatred, driven by the fanatic christian right and fueled by the neo-conservative zionist movement, is currently gnawing away at american democracy like a flesh eating virus. this type of religious fervor is not new as outlined in 'prayer and punishment in public school', a piece that i wrote and  originally posted on april 28th, 2005, and have re-posted below.the described events happened to me when i was in 4th grade 50 years ago. the accompanying art work is a collage that i did to visually illustrate the cruel intolerance that i experienced because i was (and still am) a non-believer.as a deeply spiritual person, i am appalled at the rise of hate filled, control based,  patriarchal monotheism in a country whose founders were wise enough to bridle would-be religious tyrants by including the separation of church and state in its constitution..................prayer and punishment in public school...............i stood in the alcove outside the door of my fourth grade classroom with my nose touching the cold, tile wall. my classmates could see the back of my head through the small window at the top of the closed door: i could feel their disapproving eyes. not only was i humiliated, i was angry as well. such punishment was usually reserved for loud-mouth boys who disrupted the classroom - not for an obedient student like me.it was 1959, i was nine years old, and attended a public elementary school in st. clair shores, michigan. i would spend two hours every school day morning, in the hall outside of mr. d's classroom, for many weeks to come. each morning, the dr. jekyll / mr. hyde educator, would greet his students in a soft, friendly voice only to turn into an angry, red-faced, bellowing monster as soon as the attendance was taken. every morning, following attendance, i left my seat and went out the door to begin my punishment in the hall. what kind of terrible crime had i, a nine year-old little girl committed, to warrant long-term banishment? i violated mr. d's classroom church when i refused to bow my head and pray to his god. one morning, near the beginning of the school year, dr. jekyll began a lesson on phonetics. he was talking about long and short vowels in syllables when quite suddenly, he shut the book, and moved to stand behind his desk. he began to pray, quietly at first. then, while growing increasingly louder, mr. hyde began to form before our terrified eyes. his face flushed crimson. his eyes glazed over and began to spiral like those of a crazed cartoon character. pacing wildly between the portraits of of washington and lincoln, words thundered out of his mouth and exploded damnation over our heads like battlefield artillery. mr. d. was fighting some kind of war and had taken we children prisoner!he continued his biblical vociferations for a fouth grade eternity. he didn't even need a bible as he had memorized most of the tome. when he finally returned to his desk, he hunched over it like a rabid animal about to fall-upon its victim, and fist-pounded a demand that we bow our heads and pray to the almighty!well, i did what i usually did when confronted with christain prayer. i didn't. i was sitting there looking at the board when he noticed that my head was not down, my hands were not folded, and i was not repeating his passionate entreaty with the other kids. mr. d came outta his tree! he was one wrathful, fire-breathing, brimstoney, furious evangelical! i was scared to death when he stood in front of my desk and berated me for disobeying not only himself, but god!i had never disobeyed a teacher. i told him politely, that i would not pray because i did not believe in god or jesus, and went on to explain that i would be lying if i prayed, and it would also be disrespectful to those who did believe. the raging madman pulled me from my seat by my shoulders, marched me out the door and shoved me against the wall in the alcove. then he leaned in close to my face to make sure that my nose was touching the tile. i was to be punished every day until i decided to pray, he hissed, and then he condemmed my family and i to the burning fires of hell for eternity.my mother's calls to the school had no effect on my situation. however; life did improve somewhat, during my punishment, because of intervention by several concerned teachers. one spoke up so that i got to move out of the alcove by the door and was allowed to lean against the wall in the hallway with my nose facing out! another, moved mountains, so that after several weeks of standing for two hours each day, i was allowed to sit cross-legged on the floor and read or do school work. yet another, arranged for a desk that i could sit at, while doing penance. looking back, i may have been the more fortunate one: i was outside of that room where every morning mr. d. preyed on my captive classmates.eventually, mr. d., the evangelical terrorist, was made to abandon his religious lesson plans. i strongly suspect that it was because of teacher complaints. he was loud and could be heard in the hall and the adjacent classrooms. in my opinion, at the time, he should have been the one standing in the hall for classroom disruption!the fall of 1960 found most of us in the fifth grade. our new teacher was astounded to find that all of us who had been in mr. d's room the previous year were seriously behind in reading and english. what's more, we didn't know our multiplication tables either!today, i am a dedicated advocate for the separation of church and state and a passionate foe of prayer in public school. no child should suffer what i did at the hands of a religious zealot regardless of which one of the only true religions is being pushed.don't preach - teach tolerance - it leads to peace!................... kitchen window woman................labels: christian right, evangelical, intolerance, religious hatred, separation of church and state, zionists



posted by kitchen window woman at 10:57 am
1 comments






saturday, september 04, 2010



	 
	 end corporate terrorism
	 
    


american democracy is on its death bed suffering from a massive infestation of the most voracious of parasites. she lay struggling for her life while a  cabal of fascists devours her constitution."fascism should properly be called corporatism because it is the         merger of state and corporate power." -- benito mussolini fascism is defined as - "any right-wing nationalist ideology or movement with  an authoritarian and hierarchical structure that is fundamentally opposed to democracy and liberalism". please view the following video then do what you can to combat corporate terrorism. together we can protect and heal our nation.america's 21st century economic royalists from j.m. harrison on vimeo.freedom really isn't free because it requires an informed and active citizenry to nourish, cherish, and guard it from tyrants. end corporate terrorism and tyranny.get out and vote against the neo-conservative/tea party fascists!...giving up is not and option.......kitchen window woman....labels: corporate terrorism, fascism, neo-conservative, tea party



posted by kitchen window woman at 10:47 am
0 comments






tuesday, august 24, 2010



	 
	 koko's earth control - a timely  metaphor
	 
    


name the puppy dog... i see this cartoon from 1934 (during hitler's rise to power) as a metaphor for the global situation we face today. the little dog represents any one of the multitude of irresponsible leaders, neoconservatives, teabaggers, and ceo's who are endangering all life on this planet.for instance... the little dog is - glen beck while dizzy with power, or netanyahu starting a war against iran because israel is above international law, or newt gingrich feeling spurned because we won't accept his supposed genius , or...let's put all the selfish, naughty little dogs in timeout - they are not grown up enough to run the world.war is a game created and played by disconnected children. they need become responsible adults or be forced out.kitchen window womanlabels: koko the clown, neoconservatives, netanyahu, teabaggers, war



posted by kitchen window woman at 10:37 am
0 comments










  


a feather adrift
alternate brain
america weeps
any which way
baghdad burning
bring it on
buffalo's ruminations
common sense
deuddersun says...
dr. forbush thinks
funky town fighter
get your own
hammer of the blogs
howl @ the moon
left of centrist
let's talk
main and central
meanderthal
miss welby
out of the blue (redux)
pen and sword
pieman
pissed on politics
ramblings from the desert
real and "informational bombs"
reconstitution
redpill8
rose colored glasses
round circle
the booman tribune
the bulldog says
the fat lady sings
the future was yesterday
the old hippie's groovy blog
the political voices of women
the gypsy's caravan
the moderate man
san diego peace guy
south by southwest
spadoman's peace blog
watergate summer
weezielou
who hijacked our country?
the zenyenta report









citizen soldier
courage to resist
different drummer cafe
iraq veterans against the war - ivaw
ptsd combat: winning the war within
the war comes home
veterans against torture
veterans for america
veterans for common sense
veterans for peace
veterans for peace, inc hugh thompson memorial chapter # 91
vetspeak.
vet voice
vietnam veterans against the war
votevets.org
wounded warriors



after downing street
beachblogger
cluster munition coalition
code pink
courage campaign
end the occupation
freewayblogger
gold star families for peace
impeach for peace
irag moratorium
meca - middleeast children's alliance
military families speak out
operation yellow elephant
peace action
project yano
san diego coalition for peace and justice
stop blackwater.net
stop du
tales of the freeway blogger
the campaign for innocent victims in conflict - comd
the peace train
vietnam agent orange relief & responsibility campaign
walk to end the wars



alternet
anti-war.com
blackwater watch
british american security information council - basic
bush watch
common dreams
civic
cost of the iraq war
dissident voice
electronic iraq
federation of american scientists - fas
global network against weapons and nuclear power in space
foreign policy in focus
global research
global security.org
guardian america
halliburton watch
hot potato mash
human rights watch
international committee of the red cross - icrc
information clearing house
informed comment
inside iraq
just international
just world news
mcclatchy
michael moore.com
mother jones
ob rag
politics.hu
rant and reason
transnational institute
the american empire project
the brussells tribunal
the center for arms control and non-proliferation
the huffington post
the progressive post
third world traveler
truth dig
watching america



american friends service committee
american humanist association
beliefnet
the interfaith alliance
tolerance.org



google news
edit-me
edit-me














