 


halloween costumes | christmas wonderland | decorations & props | lighting & santa suits





 








































home










christmas wonderland!










halloween props & decor










children's costumes










customer service



driving directions




commonly asked questions




contact us




returns & exchanges













costumes for her










costumes for him










sizing info










superstore photos










haunt & event submit










the history of halloween










superstore hours










halloween club members










local haunts










pre-order toys










gritty costumes










terrifier merch










atcas










stream merch

















welcome to scarepros halloween & horror toys!

bucks county's only locally owned halloween store for over 25 years













terrifier 3 official christmas tree glasses
$9.99
buy now


 
stream masks, tees and posters available at shopscarepros.com

https://youtu.be/fe2xsan43bi

 
 

























come see us today for the lowest prices in bucks county, guaranteed!
support a locally owned business that beats those temp stores by 20% or more on every item!
 
we are proud to be your only locally owned 
halloween store for over 25 years, and we
thank you for your support!

         you need to come by our warehouse superstore to see our entire product line. we offer over 2000 different costumes, 300 masks, 100 wigs, 500 props and decorations, as well as countless accessories, hats and make-up supplies.
 


 online payment service



  adult halloween costumes - adult costumes - kids costumes - disney costumes for all ages
looking for children's costumes?  no problem!  we have a gigantic selection of kid's costumes to choose from, but you'll need to swing by our bucks county superstore to see them.  if you are wondering why we don't display kid's costumes online, quite simply...they just change their minds way too often!  we would rather a kid come in and see our massive selection in person, try the costumes on, and spend as much time as they need to make the "big decision."  
we have nearly double the selection of anyone in the area, with over 400 infant and child costume styles to choose from! we are the only year-round halloween and christmas store in the levittown, fairless hills area!  scarepros has the largest selection of sexy leg avenue halloween costumes and lawn decorations anywhere in the bensalem, bristol, croydon, yardley, morrisville or langhorne areas...we are well worth the trip! only 15 minutes from newtown. halloween costumes - we have an enormous selection of costumes, disney costumes, adult halloween costumes, adult costumes, pirate costumes, sexy halloween costumes and decorations for all of your parties and events. visit scarepros for all of the latest halloween masks, halloween wigs and halloween accessories for all budgets.  
be daring this halloween! scarepros has hundreds of sexy leg avenue costumes, playboy costumes, humorous costumes and tasteless adult costumes. we have the greenman from it's always sunny in philadelphia costumes in stock! we also have a wide variety of superhero costumes like superman, ironman, spider-man, ninja turtles and of course batman costumes, and all of your favorite horror movie costumes for halloween. michael myers, freddy krueger, jason vorhees, scream ghost face and many others to choose from. 
you have never seen so many masks and decorations for halloween. sure, we have thousands of halloween costumes, but did you know scarepros has over 200 different styles of halloween masks to choose from?  we also have the largest selection of halloween decorations anywhere in the area.
scarepros offers plus size costumes in all tastes from sexy costumes to scary costumes and even silly costumes for halloween. 
our country christmas store is only minutes from yardley, morrisville or newtown. we specifically buy merchandise that is not available through chain stores and mass merchants.




scarepros halloween, inc. on facebook
visit our halloween and country christmas store today!
8520 new falls rd., levittown, pa. 
215-547-1906
driving directions
adult halloween costumes on sale



























