

















day of (no) silence | glsen





































      skip to main content
    





 quick exit: press esc 3x
 quick exit: tap 3x
 exit




leave this site safely
you can quickly leave this website by pressing the escape key three times, or tapping three times quickly on mobile.
to browse this site safely, be sure to regularly clear your browser history.
ok


























main navigation















            search
          














our work








programs



solidarity week


day of silence


professional development


changing the game


freedom fellowship


national student council


rainbow library


shine team








resources



student


gsa


educator


policy


webinars & workshops


virtual resources






school year calendar



school year calendar










research



reports and briefs


national school climate survey


state snapshots


international





glsen's four supports




          develop supportive educators
        




          pass & implement comprehensive policies
        




          advocate for inclusive & affirming curriculum
        




          all things gsa        




        see all our work arrow_forward










news & stories



newsroom & press


blog








take action



ways to give


find a chapter


stay informed


rise up d.c.


rise up la


respect ny


shop








about us



glsen's story


leadership


contact us


financial & legal documents





careers






            find your chapter
          



state
- any -alabamapennsylvanianevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonrhode islandmontanasouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawest virginiawisconsinnebraskamissourialaskaidahoarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiahawaiiillinoismississippiindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotawyoming








clear



            search
          


          donate
        






            drag_handle
          


          find your chapter
        



state
- any -alabamapennsylvanianevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonrhode islandmontanasouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawest virginiawisconsinnebraskamissourialaskaidahoarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiahawaiiillinoismississippiindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotawyoming








          donate
        


















        glsen's days of action
      

        day of (no) silence
      

        april 4, 2025
      


    share
  

































how to participate
add
remove



how to participate
guides & tools
merch
corporate partners




register









 


day of (no) silence 2025: know the past. shape the future.
history of day of (no) silence: started in the mid 90’s by two college students, day of silence is a nationally-recognized student-led demonstration where lgbtq+ students and allies all around the country—and the world— protest the harmful effects of harassment and discrimination of lgbtq+ people in schools. it has expanded to reach hundreds of thousands of students each year. every april, students would go through the school day without speaking, ending the day with breaking the silence rallies to bring attention to ways their schools and communities can become more inclusive. 
2025 day of (no) silence: in 2024, we made the switch to day of (no) silence, in opposition to the current attempted erasure of lgbtq+ people, especially transgender and nonbinary people, from public life. being silent is no longer an option. we must use our voices throughout the week leading up to date of (no) silence on april 4th. 
stay tuned for more information about this year's day of (no) silence and how you can participate! 







image
 











          register for day of (no) silence
        



          register to receive updates and resources leading up to day of (no) silence.  
        

register for day of (no) silence!





 






how to participate







use your platform


share student stories
share your experience
use glsen’s free lesson plans


use your vote


register to vote
demand title ix changes


use your time


join or host an event
join your local chapter


use your resources


donate
buy merch
start a fundraiser








use your platform



share student stories and resources on social media

follow glsen on social media
share posts, stories, videos, and resources on your platforms on the day of (no) silence
rise up and take action by not staying silent online on april 12th



share your school story 

write a letter to your former school administrators to tell them how inclusion in school would have mattered to you
get your employee resource group (erg) involved by reaching out to corporatepartnerships@glsen.org





lgbtq+ youth: participate in the national school climate survey 

complete this online survey to tell us about the experience at your school as an lgbtq+ student
spread the word and share the survey with friends



educators: create an inclusive classroom with the rainbow library

learn more about the free books available via the rainbow library
use rainbow library curriculum in your classroom
explore our action guides for educators in hostile and supportive communities





participate in the rainbow writes writing contest

lgbtqia2s+ youth: express your creativity in the rainbow writes contest! fight the book bans and censorship by writing the story that you want to read
educators and adults: encourage young writers to submit!
participate in #writingpromptwednesday! every wednesday, check out our social media for a new and engaging writing prompt



printable signs
print these signs to show solidarity with lgbtq+ youth who have been silent for too long.










use your vote



register to vote

make sure your voice is heard by registering to vote
encourage friends and family to do the same



call for updated policies to protect lgbtq+ youth

send a message to your representative telling them that title ix needs to protect lgbtq+ youth









use your time



participate in the day of (no) silence

check out how you, your school, and your community can participate on april 12th





volunteer at your local glsen chapter

volunteer your time or become a member at your local chapter


 







use your resources



donate to glsen or buy merchandise to support lgbtq+ programs.
start your own fundraiser to support lgbtq+ youth.




 






guides & tools



for educators

guide for educators in supportive environments
guide for educators in unsupportive environments
rainbow library lesson plans in english and spanish
responding to the killing of nex benedict: a conversation guide for educators



for students

day of (no) silence student action guide
national school climate survey info sheet





 



 

      day of (no) silence merch!

          
 


day of (no) silence merch collection



 






corporate partners





glsen corporate supporters can fill out the form to the right to subscribe to our email list and to receive an exclusive day of (no) silence corporate guide, with ideas and resources on how you can get involved in supporting lgbtq+ youth on this day of action.
the corporate partner day of (no) silence guide will be delivered to your email inbox in your sign-up confirmation email. 






 





blogs


 

 




together, we can break the silence


april 13th, 2023

read more





 

 




rising up for day of silence 


april 13th, 2023

read more





 

 




i am a black, queer woman and i will no longer be silenced


april 13th, 2023

read more





 

 




day of silence participation ideas


april 12th, 2023

read more





 

 




faq sheet from lambda legal - the freedom to speak (or not)


april 21st, 2021

read more








see more resources











×  paul irwin-dudek
deputy executive director of development
pronouns: he/him/they

paul irwin-dudek has over two decades of experience in creating and executing comprehensive fundraising plans; building new revenue streams; delivering seven-figure gifts; engaging and growing corporate partners; producing live & virtual events; and collaborating with diverse philanthropic stakeholders and constituencies.
known as a visionary and collaborative leader, they have been recognized for aligning resources to a shared vision, defining strategic imperatives, and driving results across organizational boundaries. paul is also skilled in navigating disruption and guiding entrepreneurial and data-driven teams that get results.
an advocate for diversity and inclusion, irwin-dudek has dedicated their career to making the world a better place by supporting organizations such as the autism speaks, national kidney foundation, genesys works, youth inc, american cancer society, and united way. strategically designing unique mission-driven opportunities that advance meaningful engagement, paul has raised over $360 million dollars to support the valuable missions he has served. their most accomplished moment is when he transformed autism speaks single-day awareness event, light it up blue, into a month-long revenue-driving campaign executed in over 100 countries, on all seven continents and the international space station, raising an additional $10m to support research and awareness of autism spectrum disorders.
paul lives in new jersey with his husband christopher and their daughter kensington. when not fundraising and building meaningful partnerships to support our mission, paul can be seen waiting in line at the theatre development fund’s tkts booth for tickets to a broadway show, reading steve berry’s latest historical fiction or baking gluten-free desserts.


×  bonnie washick
federal policy manager
pronouns: she/her



×  tessa j. juste
state and local policy manager
pronouns: she/her



×  jade deshong-logan
sr. operations manager
pronouns: she/her





×  caitlin clark, ph.d.
senior research associate
pronouns: she/her

caitlin (or caitie) has a phd in developmental psychology with a portfolio in women’s and gender studies from the university of texas at austin. she has experience teaching, evaluating, and conducting research in schools of all levels. caitie’s research specialties include the experiences of transgender and nonbinary youth, lgbtq+ youth in sports, and elementary education. before glsen, caitie worked as an evaluation analyst at the austin independent school district and she has taught at the undergrad and preschool level. outside of work caitie loves live music, attempting complicated and new recipes, and women’s soccer.


×  joseph kosciw, ph.d.
director of research
pronouns: he/him

dr. joseph kosciw is director of the glsen research institute. glsen is recognized worldwide as an innovative leader in the education, youth development and civil rights sectors fighting to end bias-based bullying, violence and discrimination in k-12 schools and promote a culture of respect for all. for nearly two decades, the glsen research institute has supported the organization's mission by conducting original research on issues of sexual orientation and gender identity/expression in k-12 education and evaluating glsen programs and initiatives. the institute also provides technical assistance to local glsen chapters and other safe school advocates in the u.s. who wish to conduct research on lgbtq student experiences, and houses glsen's international initiatives which provide technical assistance to ngo and education leaders on lgbt issues in education across the globe.
dr. kosciw has a ph.d. in community psychology from new york university, a b.a. in psychology from the college of arts and sciences and an m.s.ed. in psychological services in education from the graduate school of education at the university of pennsylvania.
dr. kosciw trained as a family therapist and has worked as a school counselor and psychoeducational consultant in elementary and secondary schools. he has been conducting community-based research for over 20 years, including program evaluations for non-profit service organizations and for local government. under his leadership, glsen research focuses on understanding the school experiences of all students, specifically as they are related to issues regarding sexual orientation and gender identity/expression, the school experiences of lgbt parents, perceptions of educators and school administrators regarding school climate, and the utility of school- and community-based efforts regarding bullying and harassment and efforts to create safe and affirming learning environments. glsen’s research is widely used for education policy advocacy as well as commonly cited in public media regarding lgbt student issues and school safety.
kosciw’s work has been published in diverse scholarly and practitioner journals, including the journal of youth and adolescence, the journal of school violence, and the prevention researcher. he also serves on the editorial board of the journal of lgbt youth: the interdisciplinary quarterly of practice, research, policy, and theory. he has also appeared on numerous national television and radio programs as an expert on lgbt student experiences.
in addition to his passions for community-based research, dr. kosciw is passionate about dogs, eurovision, and ukrainian pop music.


×  stephan peters
accounting manager
pronouns: he/him/his



×  ashley dinan
senior accounting manager
pronouns: she/her/hers

ashley joined glsen in 2005 as a finance associate to support the accounting processes of the glsen national office and chapter network. ashley's work in the non-profit sector began at the huntington's disease society of america as the chapter operations coordinator, working similarly with both the national office and chapter network. prior to that, ashley has held positions at credit lyonnais and served as a legal clerk.




×  onyx ewa
youth programs associate
pronouns: they/them
onyx is a multi-talented artist, activist, writer, and model who dreams of using art to amplify their voice and produce positive social change. they were named glsen's student advocate of the year in 2019 due to their work with gsas and gsa coalitions. in their free time, they enjoy making clothes, reading, and playing classical guitar. they are now a student at harvard university, a point foundation scholar, and a glaad/teen vogue 20 under 20 honoree.


×  michael rady
rainbow library program manager
pronouns: he/him/his

michael rady (he/him) is a queer educator, organizer, and reader. michael believes radical transformation is needed in american education to deliver equity for all learners, especially bipoc students and lgbtq+ students. before joining glsen, michael was a third-grade teacher, curriculum writer, and senate education policy staffer. michael’s involvement in lgbtq+ inclusive education started when he was asked to lead the lgbtq+ staff community group for a network of public schools in the northeast. interest in the group grew immensely: it increased to over 500 members, marched in pride parades, and transformed internal policies for lgbtq+ staff and students. in 2018, michael joined glsen’s connecticut chapter to launch the rainbow library, a program that sends queer-affirming books to schools. since then, the program has grown to thousands of locations in dozens of states. he sees the rainbow library not only as way to help youth access queer-affirming literature, but as a bridge to other lgbtq+ supports and policy changes. originally from new york, michael currently splits his time between nashville, tennessee, where his partner and their dog, reese, reside, and cambridge, massachusetts, where michael is pursuing a master of education at the harvard graduate school of education.


×  indie landrum
youth programs associate
pronouns: they/them

indie is a trans nonbinary queer neurodivergent artist. their experience being a homeless queer/trans youth shaped their devotion to youth work and social justice. indie has over 10 years of experience working directly with youth in various way, from case management with homeless youth to community organizing development of queer and trans students. they have a passion for making mediocre art and cuddling with their adorable fur-babies.


×  aubri tuero
individual giving manager
pronouns: she/her/hers

aubri tuero is a development professional living in salt lake city, utah. she holds a master of international service in global governance, politics, and security from american university in washington, dc and a dual bachelor of art in history and film & media arts from the university of utah. ms. tuero is also a board member of friends of gilgal sculpture garden, working to preserve public art in utah. in her personal life she enjoys taking her dog vito to the park and discussing books with her short book club.




×  morgan stinson
corporate and foundation relations manager
pronouns: she/her



×  jacqueline schweiger
database manager
pronouns: she/her

jacqueline schweiger (she/her) is the database manager at glsen, where she processes and reports on donor and gift information. she has worked in nonprofit development for a number of years, including at glaad, the french institute alliance française, and the museum of jewish heritage - a living memorial to the holocaust.
jacqueline graduated from the university of virginia and holds a master’s degree in art business from sotheby's institute of art. in her free time, she enjoys reading, swimming laps, and spending time with her family.


×  steve mancuso
senior major gifts and individual giving officer
pronouns: he/him/his



×  lyndsey godwin
manager of network capacity building
pronouns: she/her and they/them

growing up in rural ohio, lyndsey knew a more just, loving, and liberated world was possible, even if she didn’t understand how; as an adult they understand that building that world requires community, action, anti-racist practice, and a lot of humility. using practical, learner-centered approaches, lyndsey partners with organizers, artists, academics, faith leaders, and educators to facilitate practices that invite all to get more comfortable with discomfort in order to build solidarity and courage. lyndsey brings nearly 15 years of anti-oppression training, program design, and coaching focused on growing queer liberation and reproductive freedom through multi-racial organizing centered in iteration, experimentation, and healing. they were one of the founding directors and board members of nashville launch pad, a lgbtq+ affirming emergency shelter for youth 18-24, and serves on the board of directors for sistersong women of color reproductive justice collective. lyndsey is southern by the way of y’all, perpetually curious, and camp kid at heart (with over 20 years working collaboratively to design camp and youth leadership experiences).




×  jamond j. foree
community mobilization manager
pronouns: he/him

born and raised in cincinnati, ohio, jamond has spent his career working to improve the cognitive, physical, and social-emotional outcomes for young people from cradle to career.
most recently jamond provided professional development and capacity building support to the ohio department of education's 21st cclc network. additionally, he has served as youth development & education program director for the ymca of greater cincinnati, senior manager for community strategies at strivepartnership and as technical advisor for the ymca of the usa.
as a trainer and skilled facilitator, jamond has worked all across the country helping organizations, school districts, and municipalities build capacity while developing strategies to ensure diversity, inclusion, and equity. in addition, jamond is a multidisciplinary artist having worked professionally as a costume designer, actor, and writer. when he is not trying to save the world, he is busy working his most important job: dad.


×  key jackson
deputy executive director for programs and power building
pronouns: they/them/theirs



×  david eng-chernack
deputy executive director of communications and marketing
pronouns: he/him/his

david is an accomplished and progressive marketing, communications and public relations professional with extensive experience in the multi-faceted for- and not-for-profit national and international arenas. before glsen, he was the chief marketing and communications officer at the tenement museum where he was responsible for all communications, marketing, advertising, brand management, media and public relations.
prior to joining the tenement museum, he was the marketing and development director for new york city’s chinatown as part of the post-9/11 revitalization efforts. there he oversaw the explore chinatown tourism marketing campaign as well as the production of events such as taste of chinatown and lunar stages to draw visitors back to the neighborhood.
he has provided unique and unorthodox marketing approaches to a diverse roster of projects and institutions including new york city, where he helped create the landmark “i love new york” campaign, the metropolitan opera and gmhc and amfar during the early years of the hiv/aids epidemic.
he has spoken nationally and internationally on public relations, multiculturalism and diversity marketing and outreach in birmingham (uk), vancouver, washington d.c., san antonio and london; and is an adjunct professor at the new school teaching arts & cultural marketing and introduction to nonprofit management.


×  aaron ridings
chief of staff and deputy executive director for public policy and research
pronouns: he, him, his/they, them, theirs

aaron ridings (he/they) is the chief of staff and deputy executive director for public policy and research at glsen. in this role, he is responsible for working closely with the executive director to streamline operations and align cross-departmental programming to increase glsen’s impact. they directly oversee the research institute and the public policy office.
they have a lifelong connection to k-12 learning communities through their parents who are a retired public school teacher and volunteer school board budget committee member. he joined the national staff team in 2019 after first being engaged with glsen as a member of the national safe schools roundtable representing the oregon safe schools and communities coalition in 2010. his experience at the intersections of lgbtq+ justice, civil rights, and k–12 education includes being a member of the steering committee for schools uniting neighborhoods, a community schools program based in the portland, oregon metro region, and leading a local education agency policy research project with the state of oregon program design and evaluation services.
throughout their 20 year career in public service, they have passed progressive policies and advanced lgbtq+ inclusive data collection in partnership with federal, state, city, county, school district, and tribal governments. he previously served as a senior fellow at the western states center, associate director of the lgbtq+ research and communications project at the center for american progress, along with several roles at basic rights oregon and other lgbtq+-missioned organizations. aaron was a long-time aide to multnomah county, oregon chair deborah kafoury and most recently had stints working for washington, d.c. mayor muriel bowser and u.s. representative sharice davids (ks-3). he has been an active volunteer for electoral and issue campaigns and is a former member of the victory fund campaign board and several national and state campaign committees.
his advocacy has been recognized with emerging leadership awards from the first annual queer heroes northwest awards, city of portland, oregon human rights commission, native american youth and family center, and the native american rehabilitation association of the northwest. aaron has a master of public administration with an award of excellence for community engagement from portland state university.
he enjoys living in washington, d.c. and making time to visit his family’s farm in oregon.


















support our work by donating
 donate 


join us


email 
join now



 





 
our mission is to ensure that every member of every school community is valued and respected regardless of sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression.



shop
blog
press
about us
careers
contact us



follow us








 
 
crisis hotline & legal support 






© 2024 glsen 


privacy policy
legal


























