







scholar online learning











































skip to main content






 

about us
why scholar
using scholar
knowledge hub
contact
 

login contact 






















                                    1 million+                                

                                    enrolled learners since 1999                                 








                                    42                                

                                    sqa-aligned courses                                








                                    356                                

                                    engaged schools in scotland                                






inspiring learning for 25 years










impactful online learning and teaching

                            scholar's engaging and flexible content is ideal for school and home learning.                        



 

classroom and home learning




 

any time, any place, any device




 

meeting diverse needs




 

data insights to inform next steps




using scholar 









a key partner in digital learning

we support schools and teachers in removing barriers, promoting equity and delivering highly effective learning and teaching.






 
                    quality and expertise                

                    experienced educators with subject-specific curriculum and pedagogical expertise are integral to the creation of every course.                    







 
                    promotes equity                

                    fosters an equitable approach to education through high-quality, trusted content, consistently  accessible to all learners.                    







 
                    comprehensive support                

                    free professional learning for teachers in using scholar to enhance learning and teaching.                    





about scholar 


 









 





scholar has had a massive impact on online learning and opening up possibilities for learners studying nat 5s, highers and advanced highers.


professor ken muir
honorary professor, university of the west of scotland




just incredible, really useful.


education support officer




it works to support raising attainment, the resources are modern and perfectly aligned to sqa courses.


deputy head teacher

 




























for teachers
looking to find out how to use scholar in learning and teaching? 

visit our knowledge hub for teacher video guides and more.


knowledge hub 


 







for learners 
looking to find out more about using scholar? 

visit our knowledge hub for learner video guides and more.


knowledge hub 


 








get in touch

                            interested in learning more about scholar or would like to request a demo? our team is ready to help.                        

contact 




 
 






 


accessibility
policies
technical requirements
 
						heriot-watt scholar is an initiative of heriot-watt university                    




















                        © 2025 heriot-watt university
                    











