


reverse spins

reverse spins












"and let us with caution indulge the supposition, that morality can be maintained without religion." washington's farewell address




articles and archives


 


news stories


 













varieties of spiritual thought


jesus: the teenage years 






the lost gospel of judas, its esoteric meanings 


"the shakespeare code"


sir francis bacon & the count of st. germain


the hidden significance of enoch: aliensâ€“atlantisâ€“ascension 


the myth of original sin and the fall of woman 


more articles from reverse spins


el morya from agni yoga


foundations of the world's religions


articles and excerpts from charles w. leadbeater:


favorite spiritual books at amazon.com


lives of saints and yogis




karma, reincarnation, nde


is james leininger proof of reincarnation? 


famous quotes on reincarnation 


patton, the second coming of hannibal el morya on karma and reincarnation 


how placement for re-embodiment occurs


more reincarnation articles


nde articles


reincarnation news


reincarnation books


nde books




tibet and buddhism


jesus: the teenage years in tibet


el morya on shambhala 


el morya on buddha, maitreya and buddhism 


buddhist prophecy 


tibetan buddhism as progressive revelation 


milarepa: magician, murderer, saint: movie review 


guru yoga: dilgo khyentse rinpoche


tibetan altars and empowerments


news links and stories


favorite buddhist and tibet related books


buddhist saints, lamas and yogis 




spiritualizing psychology


possession 


the four lower bodies 


el morya on ghosts, demons and entities 


on moods and depression


unifying mind/body 


the alcoholism & addiction cure book review 


some favorite books on pyschology


astrology for our psychology


astrologers and books on astrology


how to learn vedic astrology




alternative archaeology, history


inca memorieson lemuria, atlantis and ancient civilizations 


the garden of eden and the fall on lemuria 


the greek oracles and the mystery schools 


el morya on pythagoras 


the esoteric plato 


the comte de saint germain


soul travel, soul mates and faeries, an atlantean and lemurian tale 


the ancient mysteries by leadbeater 


drugs, the great usurper of the spiritual path; an atlantean fable?


alternative archaeology and history books 




planet x, space & science


el morya and cayce on solar flares, sunspots and comets


sunspots and solar flares: decoding the message from the sun


k.h. on electro-magnetism, solar forces and attenuated matter


planet x and the alien agenda


the control and mastery of electrons 


admiral richard byrd's 1947 encounter with ufo's 


the internal stargate by john fanuzzi


news links


some favorite books on alternative and new science




music and sound


why 'good vibrations' may be bad 


on music and sound from agni yoga 


chalrles w. leadbeater on music:


the effects of music on the mind, beyond soothing the savage beast


dr. emoto's messages from water 


many archived links on music


books on music and sound




health and the environment


on esoteric healing and cancer from agni yoga 


esoteric scents and incense from agni yoga 


el morya on animals, elementals and the treatment of animals 


vibratory healing by yogananda 


volcanoes, earthquakes and catastrophes; esoteric and karmic explanations 


the cause and core of pollution and earth changes 


news stories


books




mother mary's rosary and appearances 


the rosary


ned dougherty's nde w/mother mary


the blessed virgin, brought pillars of fire to europe and the holy grail to england


el morya on the divine feminine and the mother of the world


the lost gospel of mary magdalene


the boy who saw the virgin 


other stories of mother mary's presence


books




best in esoteric literature


a dweller on two planets


brother of the third degree


a romance of two worlds


the three sevens: a story of ancient initiation


unveiled mysteries


the lives of alcyone


the boy who saw true


chronicles of the tao


the red lion


the romance of atlantis 


many more titles




the mystical george washington


a prophecy of washington's birth


the masonic connection of george washington 


the legend of the wissahickon 


the prayer at valley forge


george washington's vision at valley forge 


george washington appears to general mcclellan


the speech of the unknown


the mysterious rosicrucian who was the father of the american republic


america's spiritual destiny




education and morals





sorry libs, doge was barack obama's idea-2/16
victor davis hanson gives funny explanation for why eu leaders reacted badly to jd vance’s speech-2/16
hungarian leader orbán reveals how soros and us taxpayers are funding organizations around the world to promote radical liberal ideology-2/16
washington dc housing market plummets as doge lays off thousands of federal workers-2/16
doge says it dug up another $1.9 billion in taxpayer money 'misplaced' by biden admin-2/16
'wasteful and dangerous': doge's top five most shocking revelations-2/16
trump’s u.s. department of education orders all 50 states to eliminate dei programs within 14 days… or lose federal funding-2/16
planned parenthood appears to have scrubbed instagram acct. after rfk jr. swearing-in. why?-2/16
trump tariffs spark 'exciting time' for ohio steel plant as ceo eyes adding jobs, boosting productivity-2/16
nissan could move some production out of mexico amid trump tariff talks, ceo says-2/16
“treason!” — elon musk blasts gavin newsom for allocating $9.5 billion on free healthcare for over 700,000 illegal aliens-2/16
hhs splurged more than $22b on grants for migrants — including cash for cars, home loans and startups-2/14
epa head lee zeldin reveals no real oversight of shocking $20b that biden admin funneled through citibank: ‘tip of the iceberg’-2/14
doge discovers the biden-mayorkas illegal migration funding machine-9/13 fema money supposed to help disaster-stricken americans, yet biden admin used it to aid illegal aliens ...
lee zeldin demands return of $20b ‘parked’ at a financial institution by ‘biden epa’ to dole out to climate groups-2/13
doge uncovers secret payment of $9 million to the world's biggest news company (reuters) for 'social deception' study... as a furious trump demands they pay the money back-2/13
time to name names: trump to reveal the biggest fraudsters and beneficiaries of gov't waste-2/13
arizona laptop farmer pleads guilty for funneling $17m to kim jong un-2/13
staggering number of federal workers accepting buyouts revealed amid doge's mass purge of bloated bureaucracies-2/13
usaid reportedly bankrolled al qaeda terrorist’s college tuition, unearthed records show-2/12
doge uncovers $50b annually sent to people without ssns—why didn't congress reveal this?-2/12
microsoft drops usaid-funded newsguard after ted cruz starts digging-2/12
chinese drug lord ‘white wolf’ under investigation in taiwan, thanks to peter schweizer’s ‘blood money’-2/13 the biden crime family may be involved.
goldman sachs boosts ethereum etf holdings by 2,000%; bitcoin etfs to $1.5 billion-2/13


how donald's grandpa's poor start in canadian yukon gold rush launched the trump family's real estate fortune-2/16
every show cancelled at the kennedy center in protest of trump-2/16 liberals have countless shows to give each other awards. maybe at a subconscious level they know they won't get an award at their end-of-life review.
cnn white house correspondent kaitlan collins, deletes post promoting luigi mangione's defense fund after backlash-2/16
trump tells cnn's laitlin collins 'nobody watches' her network because it has 'no credibility'-2/14
rachel maddow criticizes trump, musk over $400m tesla contract—but it was under biden's watch-2/16 she did so with a snide comment brimming with wrath that few can match.
she's full-on lost the plot: margaret brennan claims free speech was 'weaponized' by the nazis-2/16
letitia james steps on multiple rakes in wild rant against trump, musk over doge-2/16
joe biden’s 577 vacation days over four-year term tops modern presidents-2/16 but did he know he was on vacation?
independent voters show significant disapproval of democratic antics against president trump-2/14
liberal women the 'least happy and loneliest' in america, according to a new survey-2/14
looney joy reid claims ‘every single republican would say yes’ to trump selling the usa to russia-2/14 msnbc, where unhappy women find a job.
“if america can survive 10 years of greta thunberg’s scolding, you guys can survive a few months of elon musk” – epic! vp j.d. vance spanks eu elites in first major speech in berlin-2/14
california democrat says party needs to 'bring actual weapons' in the 'fight for democracy' against elon musk-2/13
democrat lawmaker says the word manufacturing 'sounds like a guy,' might be why field has few women-2/13 she's 80 years old and from illinois, need we say more.
gore’s reinvented government aims to slash red tape : bureaucracy: vice president’s proposal to slim the federal behemoth would eliminate 252,000 jobs. the plan to save $108 billion draws wide support-2/12 from la times 1993, vp al gore
judge who blocked trump’s spending freeze calls him a ‘tyrant,’ decries racism as a ‘white people problem,’ and advocates packing his court with ‘people of color’ because it’s ‘too white’ in resurfaced 2021 footage-2/12
here’s the organization chart that exposes how unelected activist judges are undermining the role of each branch of government-2/12
top nih official during covid-19 — who admitted agency funded gain-of-function research in china — resigns-2/14
disney disaster: ‘captain america: brave new world’ rotten tomatoes critics score among the lowest ever for marvel movie-2/14




links

news
aim
american greatness
american thinker
asia times
babylon bee
bitter winter
biz pac
the blaze
breitbart
canada free press
city journal
cns
daily caller
daily wire
disobedient media
drudge
economist
epoch times
federalist
financial times
first things
the five
forbidden knowledge
fox news
the free press
front page
gateway pundit
heritage foundation
hot air
human events
joe rogan
judicial watch
just the news
la times
lew rockwell
liberty mill 
lucianne
newsbusters
newsmax
noq report
ny post
ny sun
ny times
oann
pajamas media
real clear politics
red state
revolver
rumor mill news
quillete
s. china morning post
strategy page
taipei times
townhall
trending politics
tucker on twitter
uk daily mail
uk telegraph
u.s. debt live
wall street journal
the warzone
washington examiner
wash. free beacon
washington times
wealth and poverty center
what finger
who, what, why
wolf street
world net daily
world tribune
zero hedge
diana west
glenn greenwald
j. r. nyquist
jim sinclair
russell brand
sara carter
spengler
thomas sowell
mark steyn
nro
victor davis hanson


spirit, eclectic, etc ... 
anomalist
ascended master encyclopedia
ascended master teachings
beachcombing
binnall of america
blavatsky articles
blavatsky news 2.0
buddhist channel
buddhist door
churchpop
coast to coast
end times daily
daily grail
heaven awaits ndes
in5d
ions
michael prescott
natural news
new dawn mag
mystics of the church
new books at amazon
phayul
religion and spirituality
rosicrucian tradition
sacred texts
sirbacon.org
spirit daily
spirit science
the summit lighthouse
tchrd
tibetan buddhist encyclopedia
tibet net
unexplained mysteries
view zone


science & archaeology
ancient history encyclopedia
ancient pages
archaeologica
archaeologist (the)
global warming 101
live science
morien institute news
new scientist
physorg
quanta magazine
science agogo
science daily
science of cycles 
science@nasa
scientific american
space.com
spaceweather




terra
earthquakes, latest
earthquakes, interactive
weather underground
weather channel
climate depot
disaster updates
national geographic
nature<
noaa
satellite discoveries
u.s. weather maps
wild fire interactve map
world seismic usgs map


misc.
art daily
arts and letters
bibliodyssey
bleacher report
boing boing
book tv c-span2
ceo express
charles schawb
congressional reports
contact your congressman
crypto prices
craigslist
facebook
gold & silver prices
government information
govtrack.us
hoax&mdashslayer
legal resources
maps google
mapquest
merrill edge
motley fool
open culture 
project gutenberg
public domain review
reference desk
rotten tomatoes
samuel siskind
sporting news
us gov. search
wiktionary
wikipedia
wired
you tube










new:
"the classic art of the summit lighthouse." i wrote this 1 1/2 years ago for the summit lighthouse. it was for tsl now. the article kept growing. lots of pictures to format. the people who could do it were doing 3 other jobs. we're still looking for a place for it. as a temporary measure i've posted it at my website. by the way you'll learn stuff you never knew you didn't know. wm
the classic art of the summit lighthouse-10/15
 


editor: i was reading "ascended master instruction" the other night, published in 1985 but actually given in 1932 by saint germain through godfre ray king. this was mind-blowing at first, like talking to my kidney like it was a child, but then i thought, okay, it sounds a little weird, but i'll give it a try, what have i got to lose, maybe an organ or two if i don't.
"people can, if they will only realize it, talk to the organs or parts of the physical body just like they would to a child from whom they wished obedience. they can say, "now you get into perfect normal activity and see that you maintain it!" during the time that the life is main-
			tained within the form, there are innumerable little
			workers whose duty it is to rebuild the atomic struc-
			ture of the form and maintain it in perfect order." p. 231
"the work of repairing and perfecting the body is
			done through the electron. say to the intelligent
			workers in your entire body, "get to work and see
			that every particle of this structure is replaced with
			god's perfection." do this especially at night before
			going to sleep. realize that you are setting to work
			intelligent beings who obey you. the consciousness
			must be impressed upon the workers that the perfec-
			tion is permanent. the electron is a focus of perfect
			energy from which the workers draw their perfec-
			tion." p. 232

 
 

muslim woman dies and returns with a warning that's shocking everyone
fascinating story of a pakistani mother living in michigan. she's died for over 4 mins from carbon monoxide poisoning. an angel shows her hell where there happens to be quite a few muslims who were lied to about salvation. then he shows her histories of religions. mohammed is not who people think he is. then she visits diferent levels of heaven. the last, is one of extreme bliss and love. she meets jesus. against incredible odds her life changes when she returned. she made it happen. it's a distinctly christian theme and that's ok. people are shown what they can accept up there. wm
 

 
i saw how prayer actually changes reality (nde)-11/26 this is one of the most important nde stories ever revealed. archangel gabriel has a message for everyone. if enough people take this to heart, the world will change. william
 
clinically dead boy meets the eternal saint mahavatar babaji durning nde | rev. bill mcdonald-4/9
 
from facebook:
this is probably the best answer i've ever heard to the question, 


why did god create evil? the answer struck me to the core of my soul!


a professor at the university asked his students the following question:


- everything that exists was created by god?
one student bravely answered:
- yes, created by god.
- did god create everything? - a professor asked.
“yes, sir,” replied the student.
the professor asked :
- if god created everything, then god created evil, since it exists. and according to the principle that our deeds define ourselves, then god is evil.
the student became silent after hearing such an answer. the professor was very pleased with himself. he boasted to students for proving once again that faith in god is a myth.


another student raised his hand and said:
- can i ask you a question, professor?
"of course," replied the professor.
a student got up and asked:
- professor, is cold a thing?
- what kind of question? of course it exists. have you ever been cold?
students laughed at the young man's question. the young man answered:
- actually, sir, cold doesn't exist. according to the laws of physics, what we consider cold is actually the absence of heat. a person or object can be studied on whether it has or transmits energy.
absolute zero (-460 degrees fahrenheit) is a complete absence of heat. all matter becomes inert and unable to react at this temperature. cold does not exist. we created this word to describe what we feel in the absence of heat.
a student continued:
- professor, does darkness exist?
— of course it exists.
- you're wrong again, sir. darkness also does not exist. darkness is actually the absence of light. we can study the light but not the darkness. we can use newton's prism to spread white light across multiple colors and explore the different wavelengths of each color. you can't measure darkness. a simple ray of light can break into the world of darkness and illuminate it. how can you tell how dark a certain space is? you measure how much light is presented. isn't it so? darkness is a term man uses to describe what happens in the absence of light.


in the end, the young man asked the professor:
- sir, does evil exist?
this time it was uncertain, the professor answered:
- of course, as i said before. we see him every day. cruelty, numerous crimes and violence throughout the world. these examples are nothing but a manifestation of evil.
to this, the student answered:
- evil does not exist, sir, or at least it does not exist for itself. evil is simply the absence of god. it is like darkness and cold—a man-made word to describe the absence of god. god did not create evil. evil is not faith or love, which exist as light and warmth. evil is the result of the absence of divine love in the human heart. it’s the kind of cold that comes when there is no heat, or the kind of darkness that comes when there’s no light.


the student's name was albert einstein.
it may not have been einstein but it doesn't matter.







visions of the sacred heart of jesus: 4 mystical messages to st. margaret mary alacoque-6/14 ewtn great britain, ...
second revelation: july 2, 1674 – feast of the visitation st. margaret mary alacoque: “the divine heart was presented to me in a throne of flames, more resplendent than a sun, transparent as crystal, with this adorable wound. and it was surrounded with a crown of thorns, signifying the punctures made in it by our sins, and a cross above signifying that from the first instant of
			his incarnation…” “my divine master revealed to me that it was his ardent desire to be known, loved and honored by men, and his eager desire to draw them back from the road to perdition, along which satan is driving them in countless numbers, that induced him to manifest his heart to men with all the treasures of love, mercy, grace, sanctification and salvation that it contains.” “this heart of god must be honored under the form of his heart of flesh, whose image he wanted exposed, and also worn on me and on my heart. “he promised to pour out into the hearts of all those who honor the image of his heart all the gifts it contains in fullness, and for all those who would wear this image on their persons he promised to imprint his love on their hearts and to destroy all unruly inclinations. “everywhere this holy image was exposed to be honored, he would pour fourth his graces and blessings. this blessing was, as it were, a final effort of his love. he wanted to bestow upon men during these final centuries such loving redemption in order to snatch them from the control of satan, whom he intended to destroy.” ...



secrets of the golden age prince: francis bacon
https://amzn.to/4bgepzd
paperback – august 1, 2024
			by elizabeth clare prophet (author)
			pre-order $21.95
from amazon: this book stands with respect on the shoulders of four centuries of francis bacon’s biographers, referencing historical and cipher inquiries about his noble person and transcendent body of work, but pushing further to ask: did his vision for the ages, the great instauration, die with him?
			the premise of the fine, foregoing biographies has been to discern and explain the secrets of a great, historic personality, perhaps the world’s greatest genius, from a fixed birthdate to a fixed date of death. the less conventional premise of this book is to explain the context of the life of the person, francis bacon, as one crucial chapter within a long continuity of lifetimes, yet unending.
			francis, and those closest to him, manifested the beginning of the great instauration in the form of an extraordinary array of civilization-building services, sacrificially, under persecution, for the love of humanity and the latent divinity within the people. francis’ conclave of literary men saw themselves as brothers, demonstrating a constructive vision and true charity, outside the churches which had suppressed as heresy what the people needed to know about nature and themselves.
			how did twelve-year old francis see the need and then generate the beneficial concept of the great instauration, meaning the restoration of a golden age of abundance, a paradise lost? this would require prior knowledge and likely actual eng was reading ascendedagement in such a civilization. why was it lost? why did he persevere under job-like trials to produce a legacy of enlightenment he knew would only bear fruit long after his passing? and, is a soul of this magnitude lost forever to humanity at his passing? none of these questions can be answered entirely by original source documents, especially when for safety’s sake francis deliberately hid or obscured the records of that lifetime.
			to answer the questions, the scope of elizabeth clare prophet’s biography of francis bacon honors the existing body of documented research and then necessarily expands the lens of discovery to summarize a continuous chain of prior lives, the lifestream of this soul.
editor: i'm reading it now. will review it when done

secret bacon-shakespeare links - bacon verses, shakespeare first folio & the stratford monument
new book sheds light on the historical mystery of rennes-le-château in france breakthrough solutions to one of the great unsolved enigmas of our times-10/31 by: ignotum press, manchester, u.k. - prlog.
			-- a newly released book, the map and the manuscript: journeys in the mysteries of the two rennes by simon m. miles, offers startling new insights into the fascinating enigma of the affair of rennes-le-château. the subject of a string of best-sellers over the years, from the holy blood and the holy grail (1981) by lincoln, baigent and leigh, to one of the biggest novels of all time, the da vinci code (2003) by dan brown, the mystery has given rise to literally hundreds of books, documentaries and movies, but until now, many questions at the heart of the affair have remained unsolved.
			author simon m. miles describes his new book:
			"the riddle of rennes-le-château has fascinated me ever since i watched a bbc documentary on the subject as a teenager in the 1970s. later, i spent over twenty years investigating this extraordinary nest of puzzles, including five years living in a local village close to the area. in the map and the manuscript, i present the results of my work, including new and compelling breakthrough solutions to some longstanding problems which have intrigued readers and researchers for decades."
			the story was first brought to wide public attention in the late 1960s in france with the publication of the gold of rennes (1967) by gérard de sède. it told the story of a priest in the tiny village of rennes-le-château in the languedoc in the late 19th century who discovered something during renovations to his 9th century church, dedicated to mary magdalene, that led him to immense wealth.  ...
editor: there are two very good reviews at the amazon link. one of them is by christina waldman who sent me an email and heads-up about this book. thanks christina. and as the second reviewer says, this book "contains everything i love: secrets, cryptography, puzzles, riddles, geometry, wordplay and more." ...
man, i have to stop buying books on templars, cathars, bacon, rosicrucians, etc, but not yet. i think i'm going to have to get this kindle edi
shakespeare's holy grail: the ancient secret revealed (the poisoned chalice) paperback – june 30, 2022, by paul hunting.
amazon description: in this refreshingly iconoclastic work, author paul hunting goes on a quest to investigate the theory of whether william shakespeare was far more than just 'the bard.' what if he was a spiritual master with a direct line to the divine and all the plays were connected by a single golden thread? what if all the great characters were not just characters, but also characterisations of the core archetypes of human consciousness? what if all the plots were not so much about the outer world of matter and material, but the inner world of spirit? what if his final play, the tempest, was placed first in the folio because it was both a foreshadowing and a denouement that summed up the subtext of all the other plays? what if shakespeare was part of that great covert underground movement of artists and sages that knew there was something awry in the religions and did all they could subliminally to (a) subvert and undermine the authority, corruption, and tyranny of church and crown and (b) reveal the truth those in power do not wish us to know? shakespeare's holy grail helps awaken us to profound depths of spiritual enlightenment and probe deep into our own souls.
is the holy grail hidden in the works of william shakespeare?-7/6 the london economic, by timothy arden;
			according to new research, the elusive holy grail may have finally been discovered … encoded within the plays of william shakespeare. indeed, one of hundreds of subtle references the bard seemingly makes to the holy grail could be the ‘poisoned chalice’ prophesied by macbeth to bring about his ultimate downfall.
			shakespeare expert paul hunting has spent nearly a decade analysing the bard’s most famous plays. his bestselling new book, shakespeare’s holy grail: the ancient secret revealed, focuses on three of them: macbeth, hamlet and the tempest. in order to perceive what he believes are hidden spiritual meanings within, hunting asks radical unorthodox questions such as, ‘is macbeth the story of how satan was defeated by christ?’ ‘is hamlet the story of how christ defeated satan?’ he firmly believes the answer is ‘yes’, and that these plays contain a multi-layered code that reveals secret spiritual teachings, the true ‘holy grail’, dating back thousands of years.
			the holy grail may finally have been discovered… hidden in william shakespeare’s plays, experts revealed yesterday. popularly believed to have been the chalice that jesus drank from at the last supper, the sacred relic has been searched for since the middle ages. the elusive object, which according to tradition was also used to collect christ’s blood at the crucifixion, is said to hold mystical powers and its whereabouts has preoccupied generations of amateur and professional academics alike. but despite this, the holy grail has never been found. according to a new theory, however, the fabled artefact may not be a cup at all but the key to a collection of radical spiritual teachings shared by jesus that have been supressed for nearly 2,000 years. and, it is claimed, this “forbidden knowledge” has been right under our noses for centuries, locked away within the 37 plays of william shakespeare. ...

the great light. 19th century french lithograph depicting francis bacon as the supreme master and president of the brotherhood of the golden rose-croix. (from building paradise by peter dawkins; xvi)
editor: the reason shakespeare was "secretly, one of our most profound spiritual masters," is because he was sir francis bacon. it's odd that the author paul hunting does not say this outright. if he cracked all of bacon's code, he would have known this. maybe it's somewhere in the book, i haven't read it yet. also, it seems he has an incomplete understanding of the holy grail. no matter, this is a valuable addition to the shakespeare/bacon/st. germain corpus. you can read more about bacon, the  brotherhood of the golden rose-croix and freemasonry directly below.
 



 
 
 



 


around the world w/ norman rockwell on pan am
 
 

astrology



christine barrere's starfires
elsa elsa astrology blog
susan miller's astrology zone
madeline gerwick's polaris
check your transits
today's biorhythms



free horoscopes by astrodienst




reverse spins' astrology section including recommended astrologers.


 



current moon

moon phase info



 
solar x-rays:

geomagnetic field:




 

 

  


reverse spins is not a registered non-profit organization. donations to reverse spins are not tax-deductible but are used to support the maintenance of the web site.







 


the 100 greatest spiritual books of all time. reverse spins,
			greatest means the higher truths as well as the greatest impact on the world, a nation, population or the youth. as with any list of this kind, there are going to be 5 to 10 books that you think should be on this list. we may even agree with you. if so, we are going to have to subtract an equal number of books.
			we will get to the great historical works, but we’d like to begin with the year 1875, when the ascended masters stepped forward for the first time in a very, very long time. they were preparing the world for the aquarian age and the new hierarch for the next 2,000 years, saint germain.
			the year of 1875 was a pivotal year in spiritual history and astrology. this was the time that the old occult law was able to be set aside and all seekers on earth received a great gift of freedom and enlightenment. previously, these teachings were only available in mystery schools for worthy disciples. key spiritual teachings started to be released in the late 1800’s and then accelerated in the 1930’s and ever since. you will find many of these treasures here. we begin then, with theosophy and three of their best:
			1. the secret doctrine, the one, the only, the classic, but a difficult read. 
			2. the masters and the path, by c.w. leadbeater. great teachings from leadbeater and the masters.
			3. the mahatma letters, by a.p. sinnett. learn how intimate the masters can be. ... >>> more

the greatest story never told: how the knights templar created europe's first nation-state and a home for the grail-6/29 view zone review of freddy silva's book.
			in 1159 the first king of portugal, afonso henriques, placed a mysterious seal on a charter that awarded the knights templar one third of his new, hard-won territory -- an extraordinary move for a new monarch. on this strip of land the templars would erect they most famous and lasting monuments: the mother of all churches dedicated to mary magdalene, and a rotunda with no door; visitors accessed the interior of the building via a secret chamber used for the investiture of new knights, or to administer the inner brotherhood's most secret rite, the 'raising of the dead'.  the king of portugal's seal on the charter of ceras awarding the templars a third of the country. but why does it read portug-r-al ? the king's seal contains an anagram and reveals why the templars were awarded this territory and why they patiently waited forty years to receive it. secret societies love their symbols because, just like parables, to the casual viewer they convey one message while to the initiate of the mysteries they conceal another.
			at first sight the seal with its scrambled letters form the word portugal. to the esoteric reader it reveals something altogether deeper, an added r, portu-gral. but to an initiate it reads, in portuguese, por tu o gral: "through you the grail." is it possible the templars inherited one-third of portugal under unusual circumstances and there deposited their most famous artifact?
			to understand how we got to this point we must first return to the moment when the templars became an official order. in 1118 a new king of jerusalem was chosen, baudoin de bourcq. barely had baudoin gotten used to his newly appointed seat when he received a visit from hugues de payen and godefroi de saint-omer, as though the two proto-templars were presenting their credentials. whatever hugues and godefroi pitched the new king it sold him, and soon after, a small, close-knit group of knights moved into premises on temple mount to became officially known as the knights templar.
			this is the official historical record. but new evidence shows that, seven years earlier, the templars were already present and materially active in another land two thousand miles to the west, and through their intervention, this secret endeavour became their greatest accomplishment -- the creation of europe's first independent nation-state.
			it's the close of the 11th century. there is no france, no spain, and the german states are largely under the tutelage of the holy roman empire. after riding west to help the castillian king reclaim his lands from the moors, a knight named henri of burgundy inherits the atlantic port city of porto cale and its surrounding territory -- the small county of portucale -- whereupon henri changes his name, in portuguese, to count dom henrique. he had barely time to enjoy his new status when he was asked to set sail for jerusalem, arriving just after its conquest by crusaders. little did dom henrique know that his decision to sail to palestine would mark a pivotal moment in the history of his newly-acquired land, for the people he'd meet in jerusalem would one day shape the destiny of his tiny territory. ...

ghosts of atlantis: how the echoes of lost civilizations influence our modern world paperback – april 6, 2021 by j. douglas kenyon
doug kenyon's latest book from the pages of his popular atlantis rising magazine. here is the amazon write-up:
			an intensive investigation into the evidence for a forgotten fountainhead of civilization lost at the end of the last ice age
			• reveals evidence of advanced ancient technology, anomalous ancient maps, time travel, crystal science, ancient armageddon, and atlantis in the bible
			• explores the true age of the sphinx, the stone age high-tech found at gobekli tepe, the truth of rapa nui (easter island), the zep tepi monuments of egypt, the mysteries of the gulf of cambay, and what lies beneath the ice of antarctica
			• examines the advanced knowledge of the ancients and how the search for atlantis and other lost worlds reflects the search for the lost soul of humanity
			we live within the ruins of an ancient civilization whose vast size has rendered it invisible. remembered in myth as atlantis, lemuria, or other lost world archetypes, the remains of this advanced civilization have lain buried for millennia beneath the deserts and oceans of the world, leaving us many mysterious and inexplicable clues.
			investigating the perennial myth of a forgotten fountainhead of civilization, j. douglas kenyon presents extensive physical and spiritual evidence of a lost great culture, the collective amnesia that wiped it from planetary memory, and the countless ways ancient catastrophes still haunt modern civilization. he explores evidence of advanced ancient technology, anomalous ancient maps, extraterrestrial influence, time travel, crystal science, and the true age of the sphinx. he examines evidence of atlantis in the bible and ancient armageddon, the stone age high-tech found at gobekli tepe, the truth of rapa nui (easter island), the zep tepi monuments of egypt, the mysteries of the gulf of cambay, and what lies beneath the ice of antarctica. he looks at extinction events, earth’s connection with mars, and how our dna reveals that humanity has had enough time to evolve civilization and lose it more than once.
			exploring the advanced esoteric and spiritual knowledge of the ancients, kenyon shows that the search for atlantis and other lost worlds reflects the search for the lost soul of humanity. drawing upon velikovsky’s notion of a species-wide amnesia caused by the trauma of losing an entire civilization, he reveals how the virtual ruins of a lost history are buried deep in our collective unconscious, constantly tugging at our awareness. as kenyon reveals, by overcoming “the great forgetting,” humanity can find its way out of the haunted labyrinth in which we find ourselves lost today and rediscover the heights of spiritual and technological advancement of our ancient ancestors.
			 


 


christian rosenkreutz
the esoteric origins of freemasonry, the rosicrucians and the lost symbols of ancient egypt-4/14 by william c. house, reverse spins
			-----------------------------------------------------------------
			"the critics can go to hell. we don't know half enough about lord bacon." —frederich nietzsche
			-----------------------------------------------------------------
... the prophecy of paracelsus, and the universal reformation of the whole wide world.
			from: the real history of the rosicrucians by arthur edward waite [1887]
			quod utilius deus patefieri sinet, quod autem majoris momenti est, vulgo adhuc latet usque ad eliæ artistæ adventum, quando is venerit. "god will permit a discovery of the highest importance to be made, it must be hidden till the advent of the artist elias." in the first chapter of the same work, he says:--hoc item verum est nihil est absconditum quod non sit retegendum; ideo, post me veniet cujus magnale nundum vivit qui multa revelabit. "and it is true, there is nothing concealed which shall not be discovered; for which cause a marvellous being shall come after me, who as yet lives not, and who shall reveal many things."
			these passages have been claimed as referring to the founder of the rosicrucian order, and as prophecies of this character are usually the outcome of a general desire rather than of an individual inspiration, they are interesting evidence that then as now many thoughtful people were looking for another saviour of society. at the beginning of the seventeenth century "a great and general reformation," says buhle,--a reformation far more radical and more directed to the moral improvement of mankind than that accomplished by luther,--"was believed to be impending over the human race, as a necessary forerunner to the day of judgment." ...
was christian rosenkreutz a real person?
			... i have come upon some new information that has changed my mind regarding the origins of rosicrucianism. in some unpublished remarks of mark prophet and elizabeth clare prophet, they both stated that saint germain was christian rosenkreutz. mark said it first. ecp said it again in 1996. now it is possible, since saint germain was sir francis bacon, that they meant bacon wrote the rosicrucian texts. but they didn't clarify that, they said he was rosenkreutz.
			manly p. hall did not believe christian rosenkreutz was a real person. on the other hand, the more intuitive rudolph steiner did. in fact, to his credit, steiner recognized that the count of saint germain is the avatar for the aquarian age. other than an inner confirmation, the only proof he offers is the decorations and artwork in karlštejn castle outside of prague built by charles iv (1347-1378). many, he says were inspired by rosicrucian principles. ...
a jewel at the heart of quantum physics-1/17 quanta magazine, by natalie walchover; physicists have discovered a jewel-shaped geometric object that challenges the notion that space and time are fundamental constituents of nature.
			physicists have discovered a jewel-like geometric object that dramatically simplifies calculations of particle interactions and challenges the notion that space and time are fundamental components of reality. “this is completely new and very much simpler than anything that has been done before,” said andrew hodges, a mathematical physicist at oxford university who has been following the work. the revelation that particle interactions, the most basic events in nature, may be consequences of geometry significantly advances a decades-long effort to reformulate quantum field theory, the body of laws describing elementary particles and their interactions. interactions that were previously calculated with mathematical formulas thousands of terms long can now be described by computing the volume of the corresponding jewel-like “amplituhedron,” which yields an equivalent one-term expression.
			“the degree of efficiency is mind-boggling,” said jacob bourjaily, a theoretical physicist at harvard university and one of the researchers who developed the new idea.  ...
 
turner classic movies adds 'sexist and racist content' warning to 18 movies, including breakfast at tiffany's, psycho, gone with the wind and my fair lady-3/6 the list includes the searchers and stagecoach both of which made my list below. editor
another on my list: the magnificent seven now has a warning in the beginning titles like pg-13, only this one is labeled "oc." it means "outdated cultural depiction."

watch these westerns before wokeness cancels them-1/7 reverse spins, by william house. i once read an article maybe 20 years ago about russian jews escaping the bolsheviks in the early 1900's. some of them settled in new jersey. they got into the film making business where it was already thriving thanks to the likes of thomas edison and others. as a reaction to communism that they witnessed first hand, they focused on what they considered was good and noble in their new country. they chose to make westerns. this medium could best express those ideals.
			the way things are going, it is only a matter of time before wokeness and the cancel culture targets westerns.
			here then are the westerns you should watch before netflix, tnt and amazon prime make them disappear: ... more




 








contact the editor
			william c. house:
editor@reversespins.com






search the web or reverse spins on google






  
 www  reverse spins










 




scholar search



book search




 




weather for any city, state or zip code, or country
 
 











  








 

 

 


 
  ...


kamala? " ''sound of freedom' shocks at july 4th box office, beats woke 'indiana jones' sequel-7/8
 
 
   
 

