


arcadia lodge




















 home
 lodging
 rates
 activities
 reservations
 check availability






lodging
rates
activities
reservations
check availability
home

















 
 



 
welcome!  
we invite you to start your family's own vacation tradition at arcadia lodge this year.

  located on the shores of big turtle lake, arcadia lodge is a minnesota family resort located in the north-central part of the state, 40 miles north of grand rapids, just off the edge of the wilderness national scenic byway.  it is completely surrounded by the chippewa national forest. sparkling clear blue waters, the call of the loon, a soaring eagle and the tranquility of a newborn fawn are all part of the true northwoods getaway that guests experience here. contact kylie today to start planning your next family vacation at the lake! arcadialodge1922@gmail.com or 1-218-832-3852 to speak with her directly or use the check cabin availability form.  
under construction!
  we are currently working on a new website. changes will be happening through the end of january 24'. if you cannot find the information or cabin you are interested in please contact kylie at the above email address or phone #.


arcadia lodge




arcadia lodge is a family oriented resort located in the heart of minnesota's northland. operated since 1992 by the jones' clan, arcadia has grown into one of the largest family resorts in minnesota. originating as a home of excellent smallmouth bass fishing with 10 small cabins, arcadia has become a home not only to fishermen but their families as well. rebuilt in the early 2000's, all of arcadia's cabins have been built with all the comforts of home. sporting a huge beach with multiple water toys for those sunny summer days and a lodge full of games for when you just can't swim anymore, there's always something for the family to do. a full marina offers watercraft rentals, boat launch, powered dock slips, paddle boards (free to use), & fish cleaning facility. rent pontoons, fishing boats or jet ski's for a fun day or week on the water.















relax
with modern, cozy, & comfortable cabins
experience a minnesota family resort in style!
we have 28 cabins  to choose from! the cabins range in size from 1 - 11 bedrooms with all the amenities you could ask for. there's even a cozy single bedroom cabins for two. our cabins come in all sizes and locations! beach-front cabins with a view of the beach and big turtle lake. private lake cabins with large yards, dog friendly and their own docks & fire pits. huge reunion style cabins with sleeping for over 25 guests! private off lake cabins and a selection of small cabins for those looking to save some $$. arcadia can accommodate any family or group regardless of size!â 
 see arcadia lodging options for your minnesota vacation




activities




swimming
    play on the largest floating playground 
	 in northern mn! over 20 toys & 250' sandy beach!
  

planned activities
    each week of the summer we offer
	an extensive activity schedule!

boating
    pontoon cruises to water-skiing 
	  on "sky blue water"!
  

fishing
  big turtle lake offers some of 
	 minnesotas' best bass fishing!
  


have fun!!
we strive to include as much fun with your stay has possible!
we offer an enormous floating water-park, sandy beach, planned weekly activities for the whole family, amazing bass fishing and boating on the "sky blue waters" of big turtle lake! our goal is to offer something for every member of your family or group. from bingo night to tubing day and bass fishing to sunset cruises on the pontoon we have you covered!




amenities




docking
    watercraft of any size & type 
	  are welcome! on-site launch to!
  

firewood
    bonfires are a must & at arcadia
	locally sourced firewood is included!

paddle boards
    a collection of paddle north paddle boards, 
	  kayaks & canoes are available for all guests!
  

games
  basketball/volleyball courts & 
	  table top games like air hockey!
  


vacationing made simple! 
we prefer to make your vacation at our mn family resort as simple has possible. built into your cabins rate are the activities and amenities mentioned above along with more! our goal is to never "nickle and & dime" our guests. each cabin rate covers the number of guests it can sleep in beds. for example the beachside cabin has 2 queen, 2 full & 2 twin beds. the weekly rate covers the 10 guests sleeping in beds and if you choose to add an extra or 2 on the futon then an extra person charge would be added. the amenities of the resort are included for all guests regardless of the cabin they rent. docking, firewood, wi-fi, non-motorized watercraft, games, on-site boat launch, the large sandy beach & swimming area, and of course the largest floating waterpark/playground in northern minnesota!! for kids we run an extensive activities program each week of the summer and adults have the option (for a small fee) to participate in many of them. the activities which are welcome to adults at no extra charge are tubing, yoga, bingo & trivia.
so much to do!
and something for everyone
there is so much to do at arcadia lodge that you may have difficulty deciding what to choose first! from the beach to the lodge there is something for everyone. the activities listed here are available june, july & august.
find out more 































load more













easy reservations
with a personal touch 
we are pleased you've decided to be our guests this year.  since our availability information changes so rapidly, we do not provide that information on this site.  instead, please fill out our availability form or contact kylie direct via phone or email. call: 1-888-832-3852 or email: arcadialodge1922@gmail.com for availability and to reserve your cabin.
find out more about reservations, rates and policies 
more information on our rates 

navigation
 reunion cabins
 11 bedroom turtle shores ~ 11 bedroom bayview ~ 9 bedroom basswood ~ 9 bedroom birchview ~ 8 bedroom mapleivew  
 private lake cabins
  6 bedroom lunker lodge ~ 6 bedroom aspen ~ 4 bedroom shoreview ~ 4 bedroom moosebay ~ 2 bedroom rustic lodge ~ 2 bedroom blue jay  ~ 3 bedroom sunrise
 beachfront cabins
 4 bedroom beachside ~ 4 bedroom fireside ~ 3 bedroom islandview ~ 3 bedroom loonsnest ~ 2 bedroom blackbear  
 hilltop cabins
  3 bedroom cardinal ~ 3 bedroom timberwolf ~ 2 bedroom hummingbird ~ 2 bedroom pinecone ~ 2 bedroom whitetail ~ 1 bedroom foxden ~ 5 bedroom duplex (timberwolf & whitetail combined) 
 off lake cabins
  6 bedroom snow lodge ~ 3 bedroom woodland ~ 2 bedroom beaver lodge ~ 2 bedroom norway ~ 1 bedroom eagles roost ~ 1 bedroom red robin  
 general resort information
home ~ lodging ~ rates ~ reservation info ~ check cabin availability ~ activities 
big turtle lake ~ fishing ~ watercraft rates ~ contact us ~ amenities ~ photos of arcadia 









to the top

 


arcadia lodge @2024




