








retired divorce lawyer | divorce for men | carey linde





























 








skip to the content


as of november 17, 2023 carey is now retired
transgender legal issues and identity politics → 









 
menu






law society vs carey linde
about

video gallery
photo gallery


identity politics
contact us










close menu
 


law society vs carey linde
aboutshow sub menu

video gallery
photo gallery


identity politics
contact us











law society suspends carey linde but prevents him from surrendering his membership until they get their pound of flesh.
the law society of british columbia (lsbc) gagged former lawyer carey linde at his hearing
in may 2022 the lsbc found  carey linde guilty of conduct unbecoming in a 3 day hearing closed to the public and media. (read here his initial response to lsbc critical social justice activist lawyer morgan camley and hear his argument to keep the hearing open.)

here is the april 3, 2023 decision.
access history of judgments here








carey linde is a retired vancouver lawyer who pioneered shared parenting in canada.
learn more about:









learn more

 
 








learn more

 
 








learn more

 
 








learn more

 
 
 



what they say about carey linde

carey linde stands far above the rest in terms of his professional and personal ethics, his knowledge of the law and his expertise in dealing with the intricacies of a byzantine court system. he has a compassionate understanding of the plight of parents and children caught up in court proceedings.
s.a., vancouver

it is true that he has taken an aggressive approach on behalf of his client. however, i conclude that he did so to ensure that his client’s role as the child’s parent was not undermined.” p.w. v k.w.
a supreme court judge









can’t afford a lawyer?
get coaching tips by carey linde.

‘dad, win without a lawyer’ is the undisputed bible for self-represented parents who desperately want to be an active part of their child’s life. there is no person better than you at speaking from your heart on behalf of your own children in a court of law. this book can help you be your own best advocate.
buy paperback or download the free e-book:
amazon.com
amazon.ca
e-book (free)

 




“carey linde is a brilliant attorney with not just the experience, but also the integrity, insight and courage to replace the best interests of his pocketbook with the best interests of our children. dad: win without a lawyer is one of the most important books ever written for the millions of children whose dads either cannot afford to have an attorney fight for them in court or who do not wish to use their college education money to do so. “
warren farrell, ph.d.
author, father and child reunion, and the boy crisis (co-author, john gray)
learn more



 

carey’s “correct” pronouns correspond to his xy chromosomes.
“they are playing at not playing a game. if i show them i see they are, i shall break the rules and they will punish me. i must play their game, of not seeing i see the game”  – d. laing

 






	1509 1189 howe st. vancouver, b.c. v6z 2x4 | tel: 604-375-7794
careylinde@hotmail.com


	© 2023 divorce for men | privacy policy











