








spinwatch

























































                    			home                                        







                        				about                                        








                    			about spinwatch                                        





                    			who we are                                        





                    			advisory board                                        





                    			funding                                        





                    			bookshop                                        










                        				campaigns                                        







                        				issues                                        









                    			lobbyinglobbyists & transparency 






                    			pr industrycorporate & in-house pr 






                    			climatefracking, nuclear & oil 






                    			financial services lobbybanks, auditors & more 






                    			healthnhs reform, big pharma & more 






                    			irelandpropaganda, collusion, history 






                    			politicsethics & the revolving door 








                    			propagandacounter-terrorism 






                    			spinpolitical, corporate & media 






                    			sciencegm industry 






                    			spyingspooks, cops & corporations 






                    			war and foreign policymiddle east & more 






                    			more...all topics 










                    			blog                                        







                    			powerbase                                        







                    			donate                                        




 



















































new report on islamophobia in europe


					how governments are enabling the far-right 'counterjihad' movement										read more











why are police still spying on the anti-fracking movement?


					.										read more











the uae lobby: subverting british democracy?



					this spinwatch report exposes how the uae influences british politicians and the media.										read more






›
‹



1
2
3






















lobbying
spin
climate
science
finance
conflict













new spinwatch report! the uae lobby: subverting british democracy?

















why has a republican attack operation opened shop in the uk?

















time to fix the revolving door rules for special advisers

















labour conference or nuremberg rally? assessing the evidence

















revolving doors at the nhs’s bully-in-chief

















fracking parliamentary groups hang up their hard hats
























revealed: rebranded d-notice committee issued two notices over skripal affair

















why did the guardian take down the sociologist brian taylor's online obituary?

















conclusive evidence of the russian state’s guilt in skripal case is lacking — and that's important

















why pr agencies and their spin should be the subject of greater scrutiny

















washington dc’s role behind the scenes in hollywood goes deeper than you think

















the truth behind front national's change of heart
























90% of studies on fracking find 'association with harm or potential harm'

















world’s largest oil exporter invests in us shale gas

















fracking industry and resigning tsar natascha engel hit full media spin cycle on quake rules

















uk: 'massive victory' as injunction against anti-shale campaigners ruled 'unlawful'

















elite british cycling team sells out to billionaire shale boss

















yet another nail in uk fracking industry as govt. guidelines ruled “unlawful”
























monsanto lobbying: an attack on us, our planet and democracy

















why a us battle over corporate hijacking of science matters in europe

















europe's science chief seeks to eliminate scientific discourse

















eu trade chief misleads on gm food

















biotech ambassadors in africa

















tumorous rats, gm contamination, and hidden conflicts of interest
























finance dominates uk lobbyists operating in brussels bubble

















peter oborne, the telegraph, hsbc and its lobbyists

















until we fix our economic system tax evasion will continue

















hsbc's swiss tax scandal is part of a global pattern of avoidance

















hamstrung sfo not capable of holding bankers to account

















more than a lobby: finance in the uk
























the media and islamophobia - new report

















a troubled book: david blake knox’s the killing of thomas niedermayer

















netpol condemns calls for expanding surveillance on “far left, anarchist and environmentalist” groups

















new spinwatch islamophobia report launched in house of commons

















book review: 'the cia as organised crime' by douglas valentine

















book review: an army of tribes















 








blogs & articles






					netpol condemns calls for expanding surveillance on “far left, anarchist and environmentalist” groups				+ 



						the report by conservative think-tank policy exchange, attacking campaigners from extinction rebellion, is a direct call for expanding surveillance on “far left, anarchist and environmentalist extremism”. 						read more





					90% of studies on fracking find 'association with harm or potential harm'				+ 



						for years as the fracking boom exploded across the us, the shale industry and its stooges argued that it was safe. now the science is catching up writes andy rowell.						read more





					fracking industry and resigning tsar natascha engel hit full media spin cycle on quake rules				+ 



						uk shale gas commissioner natascha engel’s resignation last weekend just seven months into a two-year taxpayer-funded appointment had astute industry pr gloves all over it writes melissa jones.						read more





					uk: 'massive victory' as injunction against anti-shale campaigners ruled 'unlawful'				+ 



						britain’s fledgling shale gas industry was dealt another big blow when three senior judges overturned ineos' draconian injunction against anti-fracking campaigners writes andy rowell.						read more





					elite british cycling team sells out to billionaire shale boss				+ 



						one of britain’s elite cycling teams, which has won an impressive eight grand tours, has just announced that its new sponsor will be the uk’s richest man, petrochemical and fracking boss, sir jim ratcliffe. the cyclists, known as team sky, will be renamed team ineos.						read more





					yet another nail in uk fracking industry as govt. guidelines ruled “unlawful”				+ 



						the uk’s fledgling fracking industry has been dealt another significant nail in its coffin with the high court ruling that current guidance from the government on shale gas is “unlawful” writes andy rowell.						read more







1































investigations



 

why are counter terrorism police still spying on the anti-fracking movement?
the uae lobby: subverting british democracy?
why has a republican attack operation opened shop in the uk?
rebranded d-notice committee issued two notices over skripal affair
time to fix the revolving door rules for special advisers
environmental permit breaches by cuadrilla at lancs fracking site
mi5 and the hooded men: operation calaba
the grenfell inquiry must look at the developers carving up our cities
'meet the frackers’: a spinwatch lobbying tour 
new documents reveal north yorkshire police's close relationship with fracking firms
east midlands parish councils reject ineos’ assault on community spaces
fbi probe clinton friend and foundation donor over bribery claims
emails reveal glasgow university academics' close links to fracking industry
report on the israel lobby and the european union
the final frontier for privatisation: schools
morris fraser, child abuse, corruption and collusion in britain & northern ireland 
bat corruption scandal in africa leads to london hq
crime lord of the rings
another spycop exposed: carlo neri confirmed as an undercover
insurance double-whammy for householders near planned fracking sites
one of america's most dangerous think tanks is spreading islamophobic hate
holyrood exposed: a guide to lobbying in scotland
report on the henry jackson society think tank
the 'ninja' nhs privatisers you've never heard of...
access all areas: frackers, lobbyists and the revolving door










get email updates



     











facebook
twitter






 




		"could not retrieve any tweets"	
 
 




















issues



 lobbying  pr industry climate financial services lobby health northern ireland  politics  propaganda spin  science  spying  war and foreign policy  more









campaigns



together against prevent










contact spinwatch




+44 7786 927551

 

facebook

 

twitter

 

rss

 














© spinwatch | privacy and cookies policy. we use google analytics which uses cookies. site by organic campaigns













