






ben edelman



































		skip to content	







ben edelman








    menu	
biography
presentations
media coverage
archives
search
cv
contact
twitter













home


ben is an independent researcher and consultant — combining software engineering, law, and economics to explore and improve some of the internet’s biggest problems.  ben was previously the chief economist for web experiences, strategy, and policy at microsoft, where he advised the company at the intersection of software, economics, and public policy. from 2007 to 2018, ben was a faculty member at harvard business school, where he studied and taught about the economics of online markets — aiming to understand both how online markets function and also how they might improve. full biography.
research by category:
 ad platforms

advertising

advertising fraud

adware

anti-spyware

installation methods

litigation

loyalty

regulation and legislation

revenue sources

toolbars



affiliate marketing

artificial intelligence

bias

certifications

competition

consumer protection

copyright

data portability

decentralized marketplaces

deception

disclosures

discovery and document retention

display marketing

educational technology

domain names

enforcement

icann meetings

institutions

registrar competition

registries

typosquatting

whois



entrepreneurship

filtering

geofencing

internet infrastructure

ip addresses



license agreements

marketing

marketplaces

naming names

network effects

payments

policy

privacy

regulation

retransmission

search engines

security

client security

network security

server security

social engineering

advertising security

security exploits

security flaws

economics of security

looking inside black boxes

regulation and legislation



trademark

transportation

aviation

prt

ride-hailing



trust

adult

kids

genres

academic articles

cs and is

economics

law

management



teaching materials

litigation

testimony



specific companies

airbnb

facebook

google

groupon

microsoft

uber

yahoo



site admin


browse all entries. site search.
recent research:
honey’s contractual breaches and value (or lack of it) to merchants in advertising fraud, loyalty, affiliate marketing, consumer protection, naming names, advertising securitygoogle discovery violations in the state of texas, et. al., v. google (ad tech) in ad platforms, competition, discovery and document retention, googleteen safety, uber’s protests, and the democratic process in consumer protection, decentralized marketplaces, ride-hailing, kids, uberrevisiting litigation alleging google discovery violations in discovery and document retention, googlegoogle discovery violations in united states v. google (ad tech) in ad platforms, competition, discovery and document retention, googlegoogle discovery violations in united states v. google (search) in competition, discovery and document retention, search engines, googlegoogle discovery violations in epic games v. google and in re google play store antitrust litigation in competition, discovery and document retention, googleadd viacom to the list of google discovery victims in copyright, discovery and document retention, googlegoogle discovery violations in viacom v. youtube in copyright, discovery and document retention, googleeric schmidt’s missing emails and memory problems in copyright, discovery and document retention, googlelarry page’s bad memory of youtube and google video in copyright, discovery and document retention, googlethe 2008 walker memo in discovery and document retention, google















 



		proudly powered by wordpress	











































































































































































