








baltimore city forestry board


































































      
    




  





 


  only
                          search baltimore city forestry board









the




                        baltimore city forestry board
                meetings are held every fourth tuesday of the month at
                thebaltimore city forestry division301 shop rd., druid hill parkbaltimore,  md 21217map it






 information:

 
outdoor burning

planting fall colors
 tree care

                    watering trees
baltimore city's notable trees

                    power line trees
centennial

                    related links: 
 
                  balto.city forestry division
arbor day
                  foundation
maryland forests
                  assn.
project learning tree
project wild
master gardener website

                  general forestry course
md big tree program
designing




                  our futurewoodlands stewardship


                  sponsors:
 university of maryland
                  extension
waterkeeper
                  alliancetree baltimoreparks & peoplemaryland natural resourcespast news lettersbig tree flyer


 
 
 history:
forest
                  conservancy district boards, referred to as
                forestry boards, function in all 23 maryland countries
                and baltimore city. the county boards were established
                by law in 1943 by the maryland department of natural
                resources (dnr). the baltimore city forestry board held
                its first meeting in june 1987.

the baltimore city board is
                composed of individuals who serve voluntarily to promote
                and nurture the expansion of the urban canopy so as to
                improve the health and welfare of baltimore's
                residents. 

                all members of the board are unpaid volunteers who work
                closely with state foresters. members are formally
                appointed by the director of the maryland dnr-forest
                service on the recommendation of the chairman and
                members of the board in consultation with our local dnr
                forester.april 4, 2019herring runphotos by sarah lord

 the baltimore city
                    forest conservancy district board's goals are:

improve the management of baltimore's urban
                    forest growing along its city's streets and in its
                    parks.
facilitate school tree plantings.
promote informational and educational
                    activities about the city's urban forest resources.
work closely with, and assist the baltimore
                    city forestry division with its mission.

board





                members meet monthly to discuss urban forest issues and
                plan upcoming activities. meetings are open to the
                public. if you are interested in helping the city board
                with its activities contact maryland dnr - forest
                service  410-260-8510

 baltimore
                  city forestry board-projects and activities 
 education  natural





                          resources careers camp - for nearly 40
                      years high school students have gathered from
                      across the state to attend this last-week-in-july
                      camp about green





                        careers and college programs in natural
                      resources. beat
                      the heat in leafy garrett county! the nrc camp is
                      fun and informative, letting high school students
                      train in the field with professional foresters,
                      biologists and naturalists. the baltimore city
                      forestry board is generous with tuition aid where
                      appropriate. application available





                        online.
newsletter - city forest and
                      trees, publication highlighting topics related
                    to trees and conservation.
tree tours - visit notable trees,
                    board projects, and other points of interest.

service learning
                        projects - tree and environmental related activities
                    for school students

tree planting
                        lesson plans

tree plantings
arbor day - a celebration of trees and recognition
                    of baltimore's commitment to trees and tree care.tree keepers baltimore's tree stewardship


festivals & eventsarbor day -celebration planting in st.casimir park, canton. april 26, 2024cylburn





                          market day-  is held on mother’s day weekend, saturday, 
supporting the arboretum and offering a wide selection of plants and 
gifts.  8am-2pm is open to all, 
free. flower and plant vendors, food trucks, beverage sales, and 
entertainment. come find the baltimore city forestry board table where we 
hand out treebaltimore's variety of small trees, free, to boost 
baltimore city tree canopy.baltimore





                          herb festival   held in leakin park 1900 eagle drive 
baltimore, md 21207.  herbs, vegetable seedlings, garden ornaments are 
available. come find the baltimore city forestry board table where we 
hand out treebaltimore's variety of small trees, free, to boost 
baltimore’s tree canopy.*the forestry board also accepts donations, if you want to help us send city kids to the natural





                          resources careers camp in july.
      last updated: november 11, 2024
 send comments to robert o. black-webmaster


