



term life insurance quotes, rates, top companies in america























term life insurance
      quotes, rates, top companies in america

 
because life is not always as certain as
        your responsibilities, we offer you 40 years of professional
        experience for your insurance needs. we maintain a consistently high
        placement ratio. we also complete the application for you! receive professional
        assistance in making an informed buying decision free of charge.




home
about tlacontact







 




term life insurance you can afford, and we're not pushy!
888.587.8511  
  faqs i customer comments
i agent brokerage
 quotes by top rated companies




  




					 











				term life america

more companies equals the best opportunity to obtain the lowest quote 
			for your term life insurance!




 









							                  
							




							 
														
    






							 




					 





				offering the largest selection of 
				top-rated companies instantly!   

why is this important?

					personalized 
							tele-application for all companies, right over the 
							phone!


								 for the serious shopper who would like a seasoned 
				professional to assist them- 


"how term life insurance 
					works", "return of premium term life insurance", 
					"no exam term life insurance" and "what is term life 
					insurance" will be explained on this page.


 




quotes by top 40 rated
          companies
          you've got the advantage, all of the quotes, all of the
          time!  

 






 




 


term life insurance quotes
                  unknowns 
                  many sites often do not sell policies at all. instead they sell your
                  information to one or many local agents. you will never know if you got
                  the best price for your rate class.

"make no mistake"
                  we offer more companies to insure the best rates possible.

                  there is never a credit card or voided check required unless you are
                  applying for no-exam insurance.

                  you never have to pay for your para-medical exam.

recognize the difference
                  valid sites should display the broker's name and a listing of the
                  states, the broker is legally licensed and
                  appointed to conduct business in.

we follow a strict ethics code
                  take advantage of instant quotes.  a ten day right of refusal
                  always applies.

explore the best rates!
                  spreadsheet all of our top companies' rates now!

have medical conditions?
                   
heart disease  even having a family
                  history of heart disease will cause you to pay a higher
                  premium.
 
                  diabetes.
                  applicants with childhood type i diabetes will pay higher rates. they
                  will have some trouble finding a company that will insure them.
                  adult-onset diabetes that is managed by medication or diet, obtain
                  lower rates.

                  cancer  the type of cancer, the severity and
                  treatment received affect your premiums.  
                  obesity because other health conditions follow obesity,
                  insurers take your weight into consideration.
 have an impaired risk?
                  do you participate in a hazardous hobby? declined?
 just complete our simple questionnaire! or
                  
ask the doc

how it works
 all policies have four
                  components.
                  the insuring company. the policy owner. the insured individual. the
                  beneficiary. the company, by contract, pays a death benefit to the
                  policy's beneficiary upon the death of the insured if the policy is
                  in-force at time of death.
 coverage can be obtained for 1, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25 or 30
                  years.
                   

 


return of premium or no exam policy types, and
                  quotes are made available by over 40 top rated
                  companies. 

your buying experience... we make it as easy as
                  1,2,3:
1) understanding your needs!
                  find specific solutions for your cash needs and financial
                  responsibilities. establish an 
                  estate. explore the buyer's
                  guide, and use our 
                  needs calculator to determine your needs for yourself,
                  family, or business. term or permanent, which one should i buy? look at
                  our 
                  decision chart to help make a decision.

2) find out how much it will cost! premiums
                  vary greatly between underwriting classes. 
                  applicants should always consider and be willing to accept several rate
                  class possibilities. underwriters will always place an applicant in the best possible rate class
                  given their informational findings.

3) applying made easy!
                  quick quote technology allows you to
choose your desired company and insurance
                  plan.  then you can complete our short
                  online application request.  

why the need for life insurance
 funeral costs
                  child raising
                  mortgage payments
                  credit card payments
                  car and other loans
                  college expenses
                  medical costs incurred
                  death taxes 

                  needs calculator

                  planning to meet the financial needs of your survivors is one of the
                  most important and fundamental steps in creating a sound financial plan
                  for you and your family.

                  this step may require the purchase of a life insurance policy to ensure
                  that your family's needs will continue to be met.

                  an untimely death will cut off your earnings potential.
                    



most important 
					it is a unilateral contract.
                  unilateral contracts allow only one person to make a promise or
                  agreement.  an insurance contract is a unilateral contract because
                  only the insurer has made a promise of future performance and only the
                  insurer can be charged with breach of contract.






please take 
              a few minutes to learn about why you need life insurance. 
			we look forward to working with 
            you.  





what it is 
				



contractual provisions form the policy contract. the content below is general and may differ by company and/or by policy filing.



general contractual policy provisions owner and beneficiary, assignment, misstatement, suicide, incontestability, payment of proceeds, amount of the death proceeds, and nonparticipating.  

				



					premium policy provisions defines procedures for payments, refund of premium, grace period, reinstatement, and change of premium.  

				



					policy renewal, conversion, and exchange policy provisions  policy renewal, conversion, and exchange. 

				



					non-forfeiture policy provisions  elected by written notice during the insured's lifetime. includes: policy surrender, paid-up insurance, extended term insurance, automatic option and basis of values. 

				



					policy loans policy provisions conditions for a cash loan, automatic premium loan option, deferral, interest and replacement.  

				


endorsement  allow owners to modify standard forms by attaching endorsements preapproved by counsel.  

				



					settlement payment options policy provisions  describe income, income with period certain, joint income, payments for a fixed period, and proceeds at interest.

				



					general contractual policy definitions defines the terms used in the contractual policy provisions. 
				

				we have a highly trained and licensed professional staff.  we specialize in all aspects of this discipline. 
				included are, term, universal, and permanent policies, as well 
				as final expense. we guide our clients on issues involving 
				personal family protection, estate planning and estate conservation, business planning 
				to include, buy sell agreements, deferred compensation, and executive compensation.  we offer spreadsheets 
				for 
							term life insurance quotes from top rated companies. 
				we help you decide what type of policy is best for your goals and objectives. 
				companies offer 5, 10, 15, 20, 25 or 30 year policies that can include a return of premium plan options. some plans offer no exam underwriting for your convenience. 
				we provide consumers with helpful information, find the right life companies, and gives them the opportunity to receive free instant quotes. 
				

				the content contained on this insurance website is for informational purposes only. it 
				is intended for consumers who are shopping and wanting to learn more.  we do not endorse any particular carriers. we 
				work for you and simply provide factual 
				insurance information. we let you decide if you want to speak with a professional agent to help with your needs. premium rates displayed on this website are for informational purposes only. actual rates 
				are based on many factors one of which is the applicants health.


 
				





				get quotes from

			termlifeamerica.com- 

											
				lewis fink is licensed as a term life agent offering term insurance 
				quotes in the following states: term quotes for:

											


											alabama - al, 

					


arkansas - ar, 

		
 california - ca,  

		


colorado - co,  

		



connecticut - ct,  

		


delaware - de,  

		

				district of columbia - dc, 

		
 florida - fl, 

		




georgia - ga,  

		


idaho - id,  

		


illinois - il,  

		


indiana - in,  

		


iowa - ia,  

		


kansas - ks,  

		


kentucky - ky,  

		


louisiana - la, 

		
 maine - me,  

		


maryland - md,  

		


massachusetts - ma,  


michigan - mi,  

		


mississippi - ms,  

		


missouri - mo, 

		
 montana - mt,  

		


nebraska - ne,  

		


new mexico - nm,



new jersey - nj,  

		


new york - ny, 

		
 north carolina - nc,  

		


north dakota - nd, 

		
 ohio - oh,  

		


oklahoma - ok,  

		


pennsylvania - pa,



rhode island - ri,  

		


south carolina - sc, 

		
 south dakota - sd, 

		
 tennessee - tn,  

		


texas - tx, 

		
 utah - ut,  

		


vermont - vt,  

		


virginia - va, and 

		


wisconsin - wi.  






											not all term product quotes from all 
				term companies quoted are available in 

		all states.

 



 
 

definitions helps to become more
          knowledgeable of term life insurance and permanent life insurance.


term life insurance what it is, 
          how does it work- instant quotes, traditional - return of premium -
          no exam

toll free 888.587.8511
          mon.-fri. 9-5 et

policy service phone numbers

top rated
          companies


          see which company is most suitable for your needs  

american general term life
          insurance
banner term
first
          colony
genworth
          insurance
ing
jefferson-pilot
lincoln
          benefit
lincoln
          financial
north
          american
protective
rbc - liberty
          life
sbli
security
          mutual
transamerica
union central
u.s.
          financial
west coast
william
          penn

more

health
          insurance quotes! 

disability insurance
          quotes!

long term care!

life insurance
          guide

business life
          insurance

applications
          underwriting polices  

paramedical exam for your
          policy

beneficiary
          designation

return of premium
          term life insurance: aig chase fidelity & guaranty
genworth
 estate planning info you can use
 


life insurance is for the living


license #'s: for lewis
          fink
 links
   find us on facebook

   find us on
          google+

  follow
          us on twitter
            
           


  
 

  






termlifeamerica.com | 1999 - 2017 all rights reserved |
                                                  term life insurance by
      city  |  legal   |   site map   
		|   resources   |   definitions   |   contact us



