 








victorian gardens amusement park new york city




















































































 




      

 

plan your visit

directions


attractions
entertainment

coloring pages


outings & parties
 







plan your visit

directions


attractions
entertainment

coloring pages


outings & parties
 


buy tickets 

 






 








 



 








 




sorry we missed you!
victorian gardens closed for the 2020 season

 


 




the family amusement park
in the heart of central park

 











coloring victorian gardens

 


calling all artists, creators, wild imaginations, innovative thinkers, and anyone looking for some fun at home! we wanted to provide you with some fun activities you can do at home to keep you in the victorian gardens spirit. 

 discover more



















customers’ experience at victorian gardens

 


derek hillseptember 17, 2019michael kellyseptember 12, 2019great placesara keymarch 31, 2021ashley smithseptember 22, 2019віталій шкріблякseptember 12, 2019i had miss this placems joyjune 7, 2024lia pedrozoseptember 18, 2019become a awesome skating park in winter.cindy laidecember 13, 2020taisiia sergievich (tayaflorida)december 15, 2020mario 2maxjanuary 18, 2021




























customers’ experience at victorian gardens

 took my granddaughter there for the first time and she had a great time looking forward to going back soongwendolyn brownsuper fun amusement park!sophie glassa very fun amusement park that's impressive for nyc. they of course gouge you with prices for various games, so it's a racket, but no more than other such parks.david berkowitzhad an awesome time with my two kids.when we arrived the manager helped us with our tickets .she was very generous and patient with the questions we had.the lines for the rides were very reasonable.having the food court connected to the park was great.henry synderget the unlimited rides bracelet. you will get more than your money worth. they have a decent amount of fun rides...rafael cortezbest place for kids to create their own fun, all for one price. the food is totally unhealthy and not worth the price, so eat first.nan sotofantastic family fun! nice cafe with healthy options.connie herndonabsolutely amazing to spend a nice family day. my son always want to comesuzanne stablergreat place to take your children during the summer...roseann willoughbynice place for summertimewilson p chitacapa














 victorian gardens amusement park

located at wollman rinkin central park
 phone 212.982.2229
 



quick links
direction
attraction
coloring pages
 



planning aspecial event?

birthday party
corporate events
groups outings
 



 follow us
 










contact us
about us
sponsor & partners
 copyright 2020 © victorian gardens | privacy policy   | web design by carattiepoletto adv


























































































































