


channahon pony baseball





































 log in
 sign up






















channahon pony baseball
                              
                               
                                      

















registration
log in
sign up

about

mission statement
league sponsorship opportunities
board of directors
location



programs

channahon bsbl umpire clinc


schedule

resources

code of conduct



events

channahon baseball trunk or treat
2024 channahon baseball golf outing
2nd annual channahon baseball family night
swing for the rings tournament
league evaluations
channahon indians strikeout cancer!


 registration
















channahon baseball
league evaluations for the spring season are march 1st
learn more



 











              2025 swing for the rings
          














              2025 spring baseball registration
          














              channahon indians strikeout cancer!
          


















































league sponsorship opportunities




as the 2024 baseball season has come to an end, we have begun preparing for the 2025 season. we are requesting the support from you and your organization by being a sponsor for our upcoming season. the sponsorship program helps our league cover each season’s expenses such as field maintenance, baseball equipment, uniforms, and other necessities. for those that have contributed previously and continue to contribute, we thank you for your continued support. to new sponsors, we offer three different sponsorship opportunities: outfield sign sponsorships, team sponsorships, and a combination of both. if you are able to support the league by becoming a sponsor or continuing your sponsorship, please use the link to the left.















              channahon pony baseball news
          








                    february 11, 2025
                

                  dick"s sporting goods partnership
                








                    november 11, 2024
                

                  channahon baseball on wjol
                








                    november 6, 2024
                

                  multiple aed devices donated to channahon baseball
                









        follow channahon pony baseball 
      











×
oops!


you have unsaved elements

                        please save or cancel the pending changes to the elements within your page and then try saving again.
                    


okay















about us
the channahon youth baseball league, located in channahon, illinois, and affiliated with pony baseball, has roots tracing back to its establishment in 1958, fostering athletic skills, character development, and good citizenship among local children within the game of baseball.


contact
to contact the appropriate person, please visit the board of directors page under about.

        mailing address:
        p.o. box 402
        channahon, il 60410
        
    


powered by








©
                        
                        channahon pony baseball. all rights reserved.















refund policies
privacy policy
terms & conditions





confirm delete
        click the delete icon again to confirm. click escape to cancel.
    













