

sweepsheet® - your number one sweepstakes guidethis site does not function correctly without javascript.please enable javascript in your browser. 34years& stillwinning    your number one sweepstakes guide online • mail • local • restricted • blog • social network • text message • game pieces • instant win • thousands of sweepstakes • new ones added dailyhomemember sign-inorder sweepsheet®suppliesenvelopeshandprinting servicesmiscellaneouspapers and cardspostcardsclubsfaqabout uswhat is sweepsheet®kudoscontact usdisclaimerstore 





prime picksthese are the sweepstakes we are sure you do not want to miss!  click here to view.
won to winthe best bet from our current sweepstakes listings.  enter it if nothing else. 
winners listclick here to see the latest winning
		  sweepsheet®
		  readers!
		
profile of fanatical sweepstakername:  name withheldhome state: indianahow did you get started sweepstaking?i always entered when i would find sweepstakes in stores and such. then i went all in on a radio station giveaway for tickets to kenny chesney in 2011. i discovered online sweeps in ...   read more




christi rechtsteinereditor
			    

the inboxwebsite helpwhen you notice something different on the website, what should you do? on the current sweep sheet website, we do not make changes very often. when we do, we will notify you on the website and in the inbox. however, there are times when things may change for you due to updates made on your browser or computer. when you feel the sweep sheet website is not providing what you are used to, please ask. ...   read more 





why ushundreds of active sweepstakes to enter on our
			website with new sweepstakes being posted daily.  see our latest curated listings
			here!sweepstakes provided are reviewed by our staff to ensure accuracy and give you the best chance of
			winning.we are available to you.  we value our customers.read
			more"i am so happy you provide such fast service. i remain loyal to
		 sweepsheet®
		 because of the help, assistance, and extras you do for your members."


benefitsmembers-only
			portal to mail-in, phone and website-based sweepstakes - facebook, x (formerly twitter), instagram, text messaging, etc.member-only chat
			rooms.categorize or sort sweeps into your own listsincludes sweepstakes restricted only to specific
			states.editor is hands onread more"your sweepsheet®
		 is the greatest!  of all the newsletters i've seen, your format
		 surpasses them all.  your instructions are always so clear, and your
		 helpful suggestions are appreciated." 
what you get
member's areas

 

 


order now!




in 1990, sweepsheet® was
   founded with a simple mission - help our fellow sweepstakes enthusiasts win more!  today, 34 years later, this mission remains.
at sweepsheet®, we have helped tens of thousands
	  of our members win millions of prizes - literally more cars, trips, money, gift cards, houses than we can count!  we're finding dozens of new
	  sweeps each day, paying special attention to capture the sweeps that give our members the best chances to win.
the keys to winning sweeps are dynamic.  they continue to evolve each day!  this is where we come in.  our job is to stay on top
	  of the best sweepstakes for you.  we find them, catalog them, and deliver them to you in an easy to manage fashion on the sweepsheet® platform.
everything you need to organize your sweepstakes processes is here.  create custom folders.  highlight key prize types or sweeps types and much more.
   
don't miss out on our community, either.  conversation corner brings thousands of people together daily to discuss strategies, share encouragement, wins and even more sweeps opportunities.
   
sweepsheet® has been the leading sweepstake resource for 34 years for a reason.
give us a try.  we think you'll like what you see.


36th annual national sweepstakes convention
rock the wins
little rock, arkansas
august 7 - 10, 2025
 embassy suites hilton little rock
11301 financial centre pkwy
little rock, arkansas 72211
www.little-rock-2025.com

questions?  email our customer service departmentor call us at (847) 458-1168 central during regular business hours.copyright © 1990 - 2025 blueloop, inc.  all rights reserved.


