



outstanding health care close to home » aultman alliance community hospital




















































contact us
locations
now hiring
(330) 596-6000











toggle navigation








patients and visitors


services






services overview


health library


aultmannow


cancer care


cardio-pulmonary


critical care


emergency department


heart care






home medical equipment


hospice


imaging


laboratory


meds clinic


orthopedics and sports medicine


outpatient therapy


pain management






palliative care


pharmacy


senior care


sleep lab


urgent care


wound care







about


education


contact us


locations







find a physician


pay my bill


patient portal





















leaders
in health

leaders in care





at aultman alliance community hospital, we’re privileged to lead alliance and its surrounding communities to improved health. joining aultman, we’re stronger than ever to serve you better, with new services like urology, 3d mammography and sports medicine, along with the addition of new aultman specialists.
we’re still your community hospital, with quality care that’s affordable — all centered around holistic, compassionate health care in a homelike, healing setting.








find a physician
meet our more than 150 physicians and providers, and explore their specialties and backgrounds to help make more informed decisions about your health care.
meet our providers





pay my bill
make your payment conveniently, easily and securely by bank account transfer or credit card.
make a payment





schedule an appointment
find the practitioner or specialist you need and find expert care close to home.
schedule





donate today!
all gifts, small and large, are appreciated and recognized. give by credit card or paypal.
donate













aultman alliance
a history of health care leadership
for more than a century, aultman alliance community hospital has been leading alliance and its surrounding communities to improved health. we’re fully accredited by the healthcare facilities accreditation program, with 202 beds — including 78 nursing home/transitional-care beds — in an attached long-term care facility.
get the best in care close to home, through a wide array of general and specialty services that’s always expanding and improving, and is administered by more than 150 active and covering physicians. since 1901, we’ve been dedicated to providing quality care, now made easier than ever because we accept most major insurances.











news
|
blog
|
events
|
reports





news
                                    
jul 25, 2024

aultman alliance community hospital receives gold plus and silver ‘get with the guidelines’ awards






news
                                    
may 17, 2024

aultman alliance community hospital  to host annual golf classic on june 10







news
                                    
apr 29, 2024

aultman alliance community hospital to hold multiple free events to promote mental health awareness month in may







news
                                    
mar 12, 2024

aultman alliance community hospital offers summer teen program for high school students







news
                                    
mar 7, 2024

alliance community hospital auxiliary at  aultman alliance accepting scholarship applications






news
                                    
nov 30, 2023

aultman alliance community hospital partners with  paulus orthodontics for dec. 7 blood drive




























careers
education
contact
privacy policy
price transparency


200 east state street | alliance, ohio 44601 | contact us | (330) 596-6000

© 2025 aultman health system. all rights reserved.

















