





center for water and the environment






































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content 








center for water and the environment

innovative environmental research at the university of texas


research
researchers
staff
resources
contact


center for water and the environment 
cwe carries out advanced research, education, design and planning in water resources and environmental management in texas, across the united states, and internationally.

we are the central focus for environment and water research at the university of texas.
we work with other institutions in texas and around the world to address complex environmental issues.
we share results of advanced research with government, industry and other educational institutions.
we educate students, involve them in applied research, and provide support to lead the advancement of water resources and environmental management.



next ewre seminar
thursday, february 13th, 20253:30-4:30 pm ecj 1.324 or zoom link: https://utexas.zoom.us/j/94105241294
transitioning to professorship after graduation: q&a panel
by xavier fonoll almansa, phd, courtney m. gardner, phd, and jun-whan lee, phd



see the flyer from the most recent seminar on february 13th








 resilient horizons: co-designing climate solutions in southeast texas

presented at the 2023 fall agu meeting by:
 setx-uifl


click to watch the video below, or open it on youtube.









ewre service center


got samples but nowhere to analyze them? the environmental and water resources engineering analytical service center provides a unique analytical facility for determining concentrations of environmental contaminants in soil, air and water samples.


service center details





meet cwe researchers


the cwe research team is comprised of esteemed university of texas professors, research scientists, engineers, and others who are leaders in their respective fields. collectively they are are conducting innovative and diverse research projects to better the environment and positively impact our world. meet the researchers





explore our research projects


cwe is actively conducting research on more than 35 projects in the areas of:



climate adaptation and management


education and outreach


environmental technology and resource recovery


pollutant exposure impacts and remediation


water and environmental management



view research


 ut home | emergency information | site policies | web accessibility | web privacy | adobe reader

© the university of texas at austin 2025













                    
                                
            cwe                
                                
                




research
researchers
staff
resources
contact



×
















