








r&h construction











































































skip to content

















 our companyabout ussafetyleadershipteamcommunitybuild with usour processproject typesportland officebend officesubcontractorsportfoliocareersworking at r&hcurrent openingsintern at r&hnewscontact 


search for:








our companyabout ussafetyleadershipteamcommunitybuild with usour processproject typesportland officebend officesubcontractorsportfoliocareersworking at r&hcurrent openingsintern at r&hnewscontact 


search for:








our companyabout ussafetyleadershipteamcommunitybuild with usour processproject typesportland officebend officesubcontractorsportfoliocareersworking at r&hcurrent openingsintern at r&hnewscontact


















search for:




























homewatsoncreative2024-09-03t16:00:58-07:00 

watch video
×we are builderswe are builders of projects that define the northwest’s identity and push the imagination of what’s possible in construction – projects built to last and crafted with the highest level of integrity. but as with any successful building, everything begins with a solid foundation.
safetywe’re proud of our strong commitment to safe operations. while our formalized safety program has received many awards, the ultimate reward for our team is having each employee and our subcontracting partners be able to lead their best lives at work and at home. safety is carefully woven into our company culture by empowering our team members to be the eyes, ears, and voice of safety on our project sites. these team members are backed by dedicated and engaged in-house resources, including a safety department, safety committee, and safety leadership team.
read more about r&h’s safety program
market sectorofficemultifamily & mixed-usemedical & veterinaryretailwineries & breweriesrestaurantaffordable housingindustrialeducationhospitality & resortcustom homessenior livingcommunity & recreationfinancial institutionsautomotivetypeground-uptenant improvementremodel/renovationsustainablehistoric renovationofficeportlandbendallview full portfolioq&a with kraig o’connor, president of r&h constructionwhere did you grow up and what did you love about it?

i grew up--the youngest of three boys--in olympia, washington. my parents were both career educators at the high school and elementary school level. as thus, many of my early memories involve tagging along with my parents to their various... read full articlepushing portland forward: the canyons’ approach to accessibility & sustainabilityawards

 	top projects - 1st place mixed-use, daily journal of commerce
 	2021 excellence in engineering award - $10-40m category, structural engineers association of oregon (seao)

the canyons at a glance

 	completion: november 20, 2020
 	size: 110,000 square feet
 	units: 70 barrier-free units; studio, one- and two-bedroom options
 	location: 3450 n williams... read full articledigging in for depave: bringing nature back to powell butte elementarythis spring, r&h partnered with depave to take a parking lot at powell butte elementary and turn it into an interactive, nature-inspired play area. r&h team members volunteered their time over multiple weekends to dig footings, pour concrete and lift the beautiful sequoia play logs, custom-built by... read full articlehealthy changes that last: 360-degree wellness at r&hit’s the small, daily lifestyle changes that we’re after and make the most long-term impact.

since the company’s founding in 1979, safe construction practices have been fundamental to r&h’s work culture. over 20 years ago, our management team realized that we could build upon our safety program by adding an... read full articleportlandas a northwest based contractor, we’ve called portland home for the last 40 years. since our founding, r&h’s focus has been on positively impacting our community through construction. we do this by building long term, trusted partnerships and being advocates for those that will live, work, play and invest in the projects we craft. in portland, our team of 180+ focus on commercial ground-up, renovation and tenant improvement projects in a broad range of market sectors.
view more on portlandcentral oregonbased in bend, our central oregon team includes 30+ craftworkers and project management team members skilled in a diverse range of commercial and residential construction projects. we have spent the last 20 years building some of the region’s most defining projects, while consistently giving our time and talent to the community we call home.
view more on central oregonrecognition & awards
100 best companies
oregon business magazine

oregon’s healthiest employers
portland business journal

most admired companies
portland business journal

100 best green workplaces
oregon business magazine

commercial builder of the year
central oregon builders association

hard hat safety
djc oregon
join our teamit’s our people that truly make r&h exceptional. we’re continually looking to grow and expand our team with those who share our passion for quality, dedication to teamwork, and a desire to have fun along the way. if you are interested in joining the team, please view our job openings.
careerswant to learn more?looking for more information? contact us, anytime.
contact us



 
 





 
portland office
2019 nw wilson street portland, or 97209
503.228.7177 | info@rhconst.com
bend office
61426 american lane, suite 100 bend, or 97702
541.312.2961 | centraloregon@rhconst.com
build with uscareers
our process
news
contact us
helpful linkssubcontractors
employees
subscribe to r&h’s quarterly news, drilling it downreceive hand-picked highlights from r&h construction on a quarterly basis straight to your inbox.
subscribe© 2025 r&h construction — privacy policy & legal notices


video tags are unsupported on this device.


 

 
 
 
 


 
 






please enable javascript in order to use this form!
 

contact uswe are builders of projects that define the northwest’s identity and push the imagination of what’s possible in construction— projects built to last and crafted



 

contact our portland office


name*

first



last


email*

phonemessage*preferred method for response

email


phone
emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  














 

contact our bend office

name*

first



last


email*

phonemessage*preferred method for response

email


phone
namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  






































































































































go to top




