









oem steering wheels | custom steering wheels | detmar corp, detroit mi








































 






















home
our products
support
 





select page


  
 
 










products that empower. made in the usa since 1957.


trusted manufacturer of oem, proprietary and custom products for off highway, recreational vehicles, marine vehicles and more.

browse our product line







products
oem and custom products








steering wheels
detmar steering wheels are designed to meet the rigorous physical and environmental demands of marine and other offroad applications.








blowers
detmar standard and water-resistant blowers have the highest capacity on the market with reduced motor loading and prolonged motor life.








tables
durable and maintenance-free detmar removable table kits allow for easy installation and removal in virtually any boat or rv camper.








handles
choose from a variety of detmar hard and soft grip handles designed for use in surface mount or through bolt installation.








vents
detmar’s line of sleek plastic louvered vents are designed to prevent corrosion and discoloration. available in black or white.










glove boxes
detmar glove boxes are designed using high impact plastic and feature a textured hinged lid for a rich, padded appearance.








swim platforms
detmar designed platforms are molded of high strength, reinforced polypropylene that will not bleach, fade or crack in sun or salt water conditions.








motorwell boots
designed for sealed pass-thru of cables, wires and fuel lines, detmar motorwell boots resist flex fatigue, gasoline, oil, and u.v.








grommets
molded of durable polyethylene, detmar grommets are designed to fit 3″ openings. available in black or white. 








battery holders
detmar strap holders are compact and make installation and battery changing easy. side loops in the tray secure strap for reduced battery movement.











detmar corporation
about us
detmar was established in 1957 as a steering wheel manufacturer. we have since grown as the engineer and manufacturer of custom and detmar brand products for original equipment manufacturers and distributors in the following industries: off highway and recreational vehicle, lawn and garden, marine markets, and tier automotive suppliers.
all detmar products are designed and built to meet the rigorous functional and environmental demands of outdoor applications.

contact us




 









© copyright 2019 detmar coporation  |  responsive web design by smart link solutions | login 

















