

index.html












disaster pages
of
dr. george pararas-carayannis


 






disaster  pages
earthquakes
tsunamis
volcanoes
disaster archaeology 






 


 





 
disaster pages of dr. george p.c. 

navigation guide
link portals


tsunami educational


tsunami prediction & assessment


 tsunamis1980 to present


historical tsunamis


pacific & indian ocean tsunamis


volcanic tsunamis


paleotsunamis




historical tsunami data base - catalogs


tsunami bibliographies


 tsunami book reviews 
tsunami warning systems



earthquakes / seismotectonics
  


earthquake prediction


recent & historical earthquakes 


seismotectonics 




earthquake reports


china earthquake  may 12, 2008 


recent disasters














weather-related disasters


texas hurricanes - 1949 at freeport and galveston


myanmar cyclone "nargis"


faq - hurricanes


historical hurricanes - storm surge prediction



tornadoes 



tornadoes - overview - modeling and forecasting





climate change
global warming
sea level change


climate change


natural & man-made disasters


assessment of risks


prepardness & mitigation


ocean governance & sustainability 





disaster arcaeology



miscellaneous
writings

----------
tsunami society

 
science of
                  tsunami hazards
                  international journal of  tsunami society
recent and current issues (2005 - 2009)
all past issues
                  from 1982 - archived by volume, title and names of authors
----------
miscellaneous
dr. george pararas-carayannis



bio summary 


publications


recent publications


recent books


consulting services





book




now available
                  from amazon, barnes and noble and other major bookstores. 

emaiil
website awards

national science teachers association

los angeles times award

 






 



 



  
 
 
 






website navigation guide









welcome to my website. my
                                      name is george pararas-carayannis. the disaster
                                      pages provide a wealth
                                      of educational
                                      and scientific information
                                      regarding recent
                                      and historical, global
                                      and regional destructive
                                      tsunamis, devastating
                                      earthquakes,
                                      deadly volcanic eruptions
                                      (like krakatoa),
                                      killer hurricanes
                                      and hurricane surges
                                      and man-made disasters.
                                      to complete these
                                      comprehensive
                                      
                                      disaster pages,  the additional
                                      major categories
                                      of climate change,
                                      ocean governance,
                                      ocean sustainability,
                                      and disaster archaeology have been added.
                                      to facilitate
                                      review 
                                      and searches of
                                      certain topics,
                                      included on
                                      the left
                                      top corner of each
                                      page, is a navigation guide that
                                      links to a general
                                      site map with  specific
                                      portals to numerous
                                      other
                                      of my pages. furthermore, new material is 
                                      continuously
                                      added
                                      as well as formatting improvements to the
                                      older pages to make
                                      them more user-friendly. i
                                      have tried to separate
                                      the informational
                                      and educational sections
                                      of this website from
                                      the more technical,
                                      scientific reports.  this website has been
                                      prepared for public
                                      information, as a
                                      community service,
                                      and in support of
                                      other internet sites
                                      dealing with the
                                      same subjects.                                            

i
                                    have no institutional sponsor and i am solely responsible for the accuracy
                                    of the contents of this website. for
                                    your information, for
                                    about 35 years, i was involved with tsunami research at the hawaii
                                    institute
                                    of geophysics of
                                    the university of hawaii
                                    and with scientific organizations of the u. s. government and also  served
                                    as director of the world data center a-tsunami,
                                    as director of the international tsunami information center (itic) (under
                                    the auspices of the intergovernmental oceanographic commission
                                    (ioc) of unesco
                                    and as tsunami advisor for
                                  the state of hawaii's civil defense. 
 as oceanographer of the u.s. army, corps of engineers, new york district, i conducted multidisciplinary  environmental studies of the effects of ocean dumping in the new york bight, using deep diving submersibles and surface vessels. as oceanographer of the u.s. army corps of engineers coastal engineering research center (cerc) in washington d.c., i assisted as consultant the nuclear regulatory commission on nuclear plant sitting, on evaluation of hurricanes and hurricane surge effects on nuclear power plants, on reviews of environmental impact statements, on the development and application of mathematical models and on other varied assignments. as member of the american nuclear society, i co-authored the society’s national  environmental standards for nuclear power plants, safety, and sitting, and participated at hearings of the president's council on environmental quality.
                                    
                                    
                                    as chief scientist and consultant to undp (united nations development program) on south america, southwest pacific and southeast asia missions, i helped develop regional plans for disaster mitigation, the establishment of regional tsunami warning systems and prepared master plans for the development and implementation
                                  of warning systems, as well as proposals for u.n. funding.  as consultant to unesco and as member of a special committee, i helped develop and prepare a program of implementation for the secretary general of the united nations on the international decade for natural disaster mitigation (idndr). as consultant to the intergovernmental oceanographic commission / marine sciences section of unesco and undro (united nations disaster relief organization), in geneva, i assisted in establishing special training programs in developing countries in south america and  other countries bordering the pacific and indian oceans. 
additionally,
                                    i served as consultant to other united nations scientific organizations,
                                    several international governmental and non-governmental organizations and
                                    to private industry (see brief
                                      bio-summary & writings
                                        and publications.). i was co-founder and
                                    officer of two scientific organizations: the tsunami society and the international
                                    hazards
                                    society. i am presently
                                    president of the tsunami
                                      society international  and serve as editor of its international journal "science
                                  of tsunami hazards".
website navigation guide
 7th international tsunami symposium of tsunami society international 
                                    12 -15 september 2016 ( ispra 2016, near milan, italy), with optional field trip to the facilities of the european
emergency response co-ordination centre (ercc) in brussels, belgium
7th international tsunami symposium
 










in
                                  addition to these disaster pages i maintain a mirror earthquake page and
                                  another web page with
                                  some of my miscellaneous,
                                    non-technical writings (published or unpublished articles, essays,
                                  short stories and poems - some of the latter featured also in the international
                                  poetry hall of fame, the national library of poetry, in the "greek
                                  letters",
                                and in miscellaneous anthologies).



my book, entitled "the
                                big one - the next great california earthquake" is  available
                                from amazon, barnes and noble and other major bookstores. for a signed
                                first edition, or a full color electronic version in cd-rom, contact directly aston
                                  forbes publishing. all about the book and to preview chapter contents click
                              here. please also check the navigation guide for my ebooks. 
 





 
 for
                                consulting services, speaking engangements, disaster risk
                                asseessments, short
                              courses or disaster training workshops, please contact me by email.
 tsunami ... earthquakes .. seismotectonics .. hurricanes ... volcanic
                                eruptions..tornadoes..natural
                                  disasters. disaster
                                    archaeology. climate
                                      change .  ocean
                              governance 
announcements .. completed events ..  special
                                bulletins: recent
                                  disasters .. books & book
                                    reviews .. tsunami
                              society 
dr.
                                george pararas-carayannis:. bio
                                  summary .. publications .. recent
                                    publications .. recent
                                      books .. miscellaneous
                              writings ..
website navigation guide 
©  copyright
                              1960-2022 george pararas-carayannis / all rights reserved 
 information
                                on this site
                                is for viewing and personal information
                                only. any unauthorized use or reproduction of
                                material from this site without written permission is prohibited. material
                                included at the website links above is for informative and educational
                                purposes and for disaster preparedness only. any predictions of  earthquakes,
                                destructive tsunamis, or any other natural disasters presented in these
                                pages are based primarily on statistical determinations of the historical
                                recurrence frequencies of such events. such historical/statistical approaches
                                are used only for long-term predictions. there is no intent by the author
                                to predict or forecast any
                              type of natural disaster or to frighten peopl      
 


attend middle school online at excel
best paper writing service for college
                                  students on a budget 
geography  paper writers  for hire online.

                                get help with thesis  from phd students.
 

 
 
 




 
 
 



.





 




