





  












a leader in marine recreation :: brunswick corporation (bc)




























 


skip to main content



















search terms






home






our company


overview


locations


leadership


shaping the future


america's marine company


bi designlab


ripl


ces 2025




our brands





marine propulsion

propulsion

parts & accessories

navico group


parts


distribution

boats

brunswick boat brands

business acceleration

business acceleration









 



 



 



 



 







 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 







 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 







 



 



 



 



 







 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 







 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 










 responsibility


sustainability


community


governance




careers


overview


job categories


culture & benefits


applicants


search jobs




news


press releases


presentations


events




investors


overview


news & events


investor day


past investor days


company info


financial info


stock information


sec filings


 governance




contact

 














brunswick corporation
next never rests
as a global leader in marine recreation, we’re committed to transforming experiences on the water and beyond. through sustained investment in consumer-focused technology and bold innovation, and by driving synergies across the boating ecosystem, we continuously strive for a future with more opportunities to access and enjoy boundless adventures on the water. company overview












next never rests
as a global leader in marine recreation, we’re committed to transforming experiences on the water and beyond. through sustained investment in consumer-focused technology and bold innovation, and by driving synergies across the boating ecosystem, we continuously strive for a future with more opportunities to access and enjoy boundless adventures on the water. company overview













solutions for the water and the world beyond
the brunswick aces innovation strategy – autonomy/assistance, connectivity, electrification and shared access – is the core of our industry-leading innovation efforts. leveraging our deep understanding of the consumer allows us to bring brunswick aces to life for the marine environment. our objective is to elevate and simplify boating across proficiency levels to promote an engaging, confidence-inspiring and safe experience on the water. what is brunswick aces?













a | autonomy/assistance applying perception systems and machine learning to assist with and automate aspects of boat operation for easier command of the vessel, regardless of experience. 










c | connectivity advancing wireless, digital ecosystems to enable remote boat monitoring, operation of key features and remote data/ information access for a seamless and coherent on/off-boat experience. 










e | electrification leading evolutions in electrification technologies to provide electric propulsion systems and energy management solutions for enhanced boat operation and value for marine consumers. 










s | shared access innovating participation models to provide a convenient and affordable boat ownership alternative for expanding engagement, attracting new demographics and providing unique opportunities to introduce and scale implementation of ace technologies. 









0











stock information















feb 13, 2025 • 7:40 am est
brunswick corporation declares quarterly dividend


read more












innovating the future together
brunswick’s culture of openness and collaboration, scale, broad portfolio of products, technologies and services, and ability to drive synergies across the boating ecosystem make us your partner of choice. 






marine propulsion


parts & accessories


boats


business acceleration













































navico group


parts


distribution




























































































































































































































































































































































in the news
brunswick’s technology and people making headlines around the world. 











feb 13, 2025
brunswick corporation declares quarterly dividend

read more











feb 13, 2025
david m. foulkes elected chairman of brunswick corporation board of directors in addition to current ceo role

read more









jan 30, 2025
brunswick corporation reports record sales and market share increases at 2025 early-season global trade shows

read more








view all news










our commitment to sustainability
as the marine industry leader, we recognize our important role in meeting the needs and expectations of our consumers, partners, employees, investors, communities and society.
we accomplish this not only through our commitment to product and experience excellence, but also by conducting our business in a sustainable way and minimizing the environmental impacts of our company and products through their lifecycle. 



2023 sustainability report









pursuing your passion
our employees and teams are driven by their passion to bring unforgettable experiences to life. brunswick’s global scale and business diversity create a unique home for a wide variety of skills and experiences. 
                                                join our team                                            










awards and recognition








america’s greenest companies newsweek  



america's best large employersforbes  



america's best mid-size companiestime  



best companies to work foru.s. news  



world’s best employersforbes  



america's most trustworthy companiesnewsweek  



franchise 500entrepreneur  



america's most responsible companiesnewsweek  



innovation awardsces  



america's greatest workplacesnewsweek  



minneapolis nmma awardinnovation awards  



miami nmma awardinnovation awards  



green masters designationwisconsin sustainable business council  




0
















linkedin



instagram



facebook



youtube






terms of use
modern slavery statement
privacy policy
exercise your privacy rights
disclaimer
sitemap
cookie policy
accessibility
cookie preferences


        			© brunswick corporation. all rights reserved.
        		









                    market data copyright © 2025 quotemedia. data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated (view delay times for all exchanges). rt=real-time, eod=end of day, pd=previous day. market data powered by quotemedia. terms of use.
                    











