


custom t-shirt printing minneapolis, eco-friendly t-shirt printing, water-based screen printing - contempl8 t-shirts



















 
















green eco-friendly water-based t-shirt screen printing wholesale 
          since 2001












* minneapolis shirts













* custom 
          t-shirts




we print your 
          own design on t-shirts




*  get a  quote














* faq's & policies 



* artwork guidelines








* about contempl8









* contact 
          info





* portfolio & clients 





* site 
          index 




 




 





 




 




 

green hosting by hostgator. powered by texas wind. 
 




 



copyright 
            © 2001 - 2023 contempl8 t-shirts, llc 
all 
                website content and coding is copyright  or trademark protected.
all 
          rights reserved.
 



 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 






back 
          to top of page



 






 
 

customer reviews
just wanted to say thanks for getting our shirts here on time!  we love
them!  thanks for doing what you do the way you do it! 
grateful,
becca griffin
sifat
(servants in faith and technology)
the shirts are awesome! they are just perfect: no surprises.  i was having a panic attack opening the box (as i always do with these things) but everything was perfect! all of your double checking and proofing really paid off.  the shirts are also great quality! thanks again and we look forward to working with you in the future 
elena tuttle
santa monica bay restoration commission
hi chris, i wanted to let you know how great the shirts turned out and how great they looked on everyone. the birthday boy was surprised so all was good.
        thanks again for your great product and service, really appreciate all that. 
sincerely,
mary jo scanlan
we needed 200 screened on both sides. contempl8 came through on time for our event. we will definitely use this service again and spread the word of their excellent work and customer service.
laurie paulsen 
intelligent nutrients
working with contempl8 printing has been flawless!!!!!!  since my first contact with contempl8 t-shirts, chris has been very professional, listened to what i wanted in a design and provided excellent customer oriented feedback. the shirts turned about much better than i had hoped for and it is so nice to find a printing company that is concerned with the environment and ethics.  i will use contempl8 again and i have already recommended contempl8 to others.
christopher a boles
seagate
i would like to let you know that our shirts arrived safely.
        they look fantastic! thank you so much for making the beautifully printed our very first original t-shirts. we are thinking to order, with the same design, our next batch hopefully soon. 
kozue watanabe
choices for tomorrow
we need to order more shirts.  we've gotten lots of compliments on how well the shirts we ordered last year have held up- the ink hasn't cracked or faded at all! thanks for all the quality work :)
chelsea k. 
momentum photo
hey chris, just wanted to let you know the shirts got here today and they look awesome! thanks so much for getting it done in such a short time. everyone thinks they’re great.
joseph c. grano
            marketing director
      ecological llc
we at d5 threads are new to the clothing game and contempl8 helped get our
        feet off the ground.  christopher was super responsive and gave us all the 
        feedback we needed to have our ideas become reality.  our shirts were 
        printed very quickly and the finished product was heads above the standard 
        printed shirt.  we also were drawn to contempl8's ethic of only using water 
        based inks.  we look forward to doing business again and would recommend 
        contempl8 to anyone looking for a good screen printer! thanks!
jenny mulvey scherer and troy scherer, design 5, llc

our ecs shirts just arrived today! early! love love love the feel of the organic cotton and the design turned out just as we imagined! everything about this is so aligned with our maryland green school status! thanks for everything you did for us every step along the way. the shirts are great! 
vicki dabrowka
eagle cove school, md
unbelievable service!!  placed an order... agreed on style and size... 
        contempl8 cranked them out that afternoon and had them at fed ex by 10:00pm that night!! 
        wow...impressive!!they get all my business! 
chriss@ rms dev co..bethesda md 
the shirts are fantastic! just what i pictured, and a good deal for my 
        wallet and my eco-ethics! great job and i look forward to doing more
        business with you in the future!
gerrie of the s&s takeout in fort pierce, fl
 




 

contempl8 t-shirts, llc 
web-based business located in minneapolis, mn 
contempl8 t-shirts, llc does sustainable t-shirt printing, green t-shirt printing, eco-friendly t-shirt printing, earth friendly t-shirt printing, environmentally friendly t-shirt printing, and socially responsible t-shirt printing.
contempl8 t-shirts, llc is pronounced contemplate t-shirts, llc. we print your designs on whatever kind of t-shirts you want, such as organic cotton t-shirts, or bamboo t-shirts, or hemp t-shirts, or made in the usa t-shirts, or union made t-shirts, and other kinds of shirts. 
contempl8 t-shirts, llc is an independent screen printer based in minneapolis, minnesota that specializes in low cost, high quality, environmentally friendly water-based ink and fair trade printing practices.
contempl8 t-shirts, llc also sells original, screen printed mpls t-shirts (minneapolis t-shirts) and other shirts. 
 contempl8 t-shirts, llc  was founded in 2001 by christopher, a local guy who was born and raised in minneapolis. we use only eco-friendly water-based inks, and that is all we have ever used. we are affordable and sustainable.  please go green and do a little to help save the planet by supporting  independent socially responsible businesses that are earth friendly. find out more about our eco friendly ways.




 













join our mailing list for info on sales etc.
* indicates required

email address *










close




unsubscribe from our mailing list

privacy 
                  policy: your email address and/or postal address will be securely protected, 
                    and will never be shared. read 
                      privacy policy.


 


















