









videotec - integrated security systems for chicagoland and n.w. indiana























integrated security systems for chicagoland and n.w. indiana

        contact us today
        
219-922-4500




















homewelcome
system offeringsthe best service available



professional services - we provide the best services available



video surveillance 
mobile video solutions
wireless (radio) solutions
access control
network systems
remote management services
preventative maintenance








customers we serveprotecting your assets





videotec at mccormick placeread about our work






about usget to know us



about us - get to know us better



key personnel 





















 





health care
optimized integrated solutions for healthcare facilities


government
the trusted choice for consistent reliable security systems


education
security solutions that reduce risk and improve safety


industrial
integrated security systems that improve daily efficiencies


property mgmt.
solutions to lower operational costs and strengthen control








video surveillance
 our state of the art surveillance systems mean better security that can be readily upgraded, scaled to grow, and easily accessible from anywhere at any time. our engineers will ensure that the system installed is the right system for your facility. 




access control
videotec’s trained access control engineering staff knows how to ask the right questions in order to design a system that is the ideal fit for today but that is also able to expand for the needs of tomorrow.




network infrastructure
videotec has the diverse technical experience to utilize your existing network or create a security subnetwork. we will work closely with your it staff to ensure network compatibility.




remote access
 we offer value-added services to help better manage your security system via the internet.  be better protected by being connected with a mobile app for smart phones and tablets. (video courtesy of axis communications ab. all rights reserved.) 











why choose videotec

simply, a better way
welcome to videotec corporation, your expert for video surveillance, access control, and integrated security systems serving the greater chicago metro area and northwest indiana.
the trusted choice since 1973                
vtc has been the trusted choice for integrated electronic security solutions  since 1973. we understand your need for highly reliable security systems. we provide total solutions (design-build or system upgrades) that are flexible and scalable and can be designed to meet your growing needs.  each system is designed using products from “best-in-class manufacturers” and installed and serviced by factory-certified ibew union technicians.





engineering the safer and smarter workplace 
new technological advances are enabling opportunities such as:

real-time situational awareness, greatly improving emergency response. 
remote system management. 
lower maintenance and operational costs. 


total peace of mind
you deserve the peace of mind that comes with being protected by vtc security systems. we take pride in serving our clients, protecting their assets, and most importantly their employees. vtc also keeps up-to-date with ever changing regulations and technology, so you don’t have to. 








home


system offerings



customers we serve
education
government
health care
industrial / commercial
property manager



videotec at mccormick place


about us
key personnel















