


marc stier's home page



welcome to the home page of
marc stier
phone (215) 880-6142
email: marcstier@stier.net
 
 






teaching   

teaching
      contains syllabi and other materials for my courses. the home pages
      for my current courses at temple university, 
	 intellectual
      heritage 51, ancient foundations and 
	
intellectual heritage 52, modern traditions can be found here. students 
    can find my 
    extensive   notes on various classic 
    works of political philosophy and literature in this section. 
	
my philosophy of teaching describes how and what i teach.



writing

writing
      contains a bibliography of, and links to, my work in political philosophy
      and american politics, to my articles on politics and public policy, and 
	to my blog posts.. here students can find my 
"graduate
      school and career opportunities for political science majors" a
      piece about education for careers in the public sector.




vita
my 
vita
is available here it includes 
	
evaluations
      of my teaching.




ih

    i teach in the intellectual heritage program at temple university where i was 
	formerly the assistant director and internet coordinator. i designed the
	  intellectual heritage web site 
	. 




politics

the  
2124 report  contains updated election information 
    for residents of the 24th division of the 21st ward, which i serve as a 
    democratic committeeman as well as links to our elected officials and other important web sites. 
	i post it about a month before each primary and general election.
	the websites for my campaign for 
	council at large in philadelphia and the
democratic nomination as state  
	representative in the 198th district will remain available for some 
    time as many of the issues i raised during these campaigns remain 
	important to the city.
	i was one of the founders of neighborhood networks, a progressive city-wide 
	organization in philadelphia. i resigne from the executive committee to run 
	for office and currently serve on our steering committee. 
	
	here is a listing 
helpful 
    information about federal, state, and local government services available to 
    residents of philadelphia.




ptc

i am  
	a member of the steering committee and webmaster for the 
pennsylvania transit coalition. 
	this  organization is  working to improve public transportation in our region 
	and state. our 
	immediate focus is on getting support in the general assembly for stable, 
	reliable and sufficient dedicated funding for septa and the other public 
	transit agencies in the state.  




wman

i served for three years as president of  west
      mt. airy neighbors (wman), a volunteer community organization 
    committed to preserving and enhancing the quality of life and the diversity 
    of west mt. airy. i continue to serve on the board of this great 
	organization.my first project at west mt. airy neighbors was 
	to write most of the  biographies of the 
40 good neighbors honored at celebration of the 40th anniversary of wman 
	and an introduction 
	to those biographies. taken together, they give us a a unique outlook on 
	this wonderful neighborhoods.




links

links
      to wide variety of web sites relevant to the study of philosophy and
      politics. i hope to make this one of the most comprehensive links pages on
      the web for those interested in these subjects. it also includes a number 
    of reference and research tools.




blog
my
	
weblog on 
	politics and policy in philadelphia began in february 2006. i moved my 
	blogging  to my
campaign website once i 
	began my race for city council at large. i will begin blogging again soon, 
	once i finish a book on which i'm currently working. 




stier's hotel

coming eventually: the stier's
      hotel page. memorabilia of the hotel run by the stier family in
      ferndale, new york from 1920 to 1973.


 

 


