







pace


































































































            home
          



            join
          

            member search
          

















































home







the professional academy of custody evaluators




joinmember search









the professional academy of custody evaluators










since 1991, pace has been recognized as a national mental health professional organization.

 

founded by two well-known custody experts, barry bricklin, ph.d. and gail elliot, ph.d., with vast experience and knowledge in the field, pace certifies qualified mental health professionals to practice the specialties of custody evaluator and/or parenting coordinator. these individuals are certified to practice at the independent practice level and hold the following credentials:nationally certified custody evaluator™ (ncce)nationally certified parenting coordinator™ (ncpc)they have education, training and experience relevant to conducting independent comprehensive custody evaluations and/or acting as a parenting coordinator. they have extensive experience substantiated by judges, attorneys, and other mental health professionals.in order to be listed in the academy register of family court services, individuals must submit verifiable information as to their education, training, and experience as well as a history of adherence to ethical standards.as pace members, mental health professionals will be able to greatly expand the geographic areas of their practices, and practice in specialty areas free of health insurance constraints. they will gain recognition as practitioners who meet established national standards for these specialties. announcements of their credentials are sent to judges/attorneys of their choosing, and they are listed in a registry relied upon by court personnel and prospective clients seeking custody evaluators or parenting coordinators. continuing education courses are offered by the professional academy of custody evaluators (pace)pace is approved by the american psychological association to sponsor continuing education for psychologists. all mental health professionals including, but not limited to, psychologists, social workers, marriage and family counselors, marriage and family therapists, professional counselors, psychiatrists have received continuing education credit for pace seminars.

   













joinfind out about our organization, mission, our methods, and how to become a certified member of pacelearn more and join

 











 

searchsearch our comprehensive listing of pace members to find the professionals near youfind a professional near you










questions? contact us






      
        open form
      
    


contact form





              name
              
                *




first name





last name





              email address
              
                *





              subject
              
                *





              message
              
                *







thank you!










log infaqblogabout paceaccount change




village publishing



site design by stay calm industries









