



 




























































virginia's heartland




 
 














about crc

crc mission
the council
the staff
meetings
publications
helpful links
directions


our services

grant opportunity
construction project administration
chesapeake bay watershed implementation plan
transportation planning
regional emergency planning

draft hazard mitigation plan


regional governmental services
governmental representation
comprehensive economic development strategy


our region

regional map
major employers
census

transportation
weather trends


education
agriculture
sites and buildings
quality of life

recreation
historic attractions
image gallery




our partners

amelia county
buckingham county
charlotte county
cumberland county
lunenburg county
nottoway county
prince edward county


news
contact
 












the commonwealth regional council is one of twenty-one regional planning agencies serving the counties of amelia, buckingham, charlotte, cumberland, lunenburg, nottoway and prince edward.  (picture-charlotte county clerk’s office)


read more









residents of virginia’s heartland enjoy a clean environment, abundant natural resources, a variety of outdoor recreational opportunities, and communities that are safe and secure. (picture-buckingham branch railroad)


read more









look a little closer and you may notice fresh business opportunities, advanced technology, an enthusiastic workforce and new ideas coming to life. (picture-town of kenbridge)


read more









virginia’s heartland has a treasure trove of  historic attractions. (picture-amelia county – hillsman house, sailor’s creek state park)


read more









virginia’s heartland has an abundance of recreational opportunities. (picture-bear creek state park, cumberland county)


read more









the region is also home to the foreign affairs security training center (fastc) located at fort barfoot in nottoway county.


read more









the commonwealth regional council has completed the crc’s comprehensive economic development strategy that will provide a roadmap for sustainable economic growth in virginia’s heartland.


read more



 







the commonwealth regional council is one of twenty-one regional planning agencies serving the counties of amelia, buckingham, charlotte, lunenburg, and prince edward.  (picture-charlotte county clerk’s office)


read more








grant opportunities

learn more about grant opportunities in virginia's heartland
read more








announcements





crc receives eda economic development district (edd) designation
02.8.23
the commonwealth regional council (crc) recently received notification from the united states department of commerce, economic development administration (eda) that the crc region has received designation as an economic development district (edd).

the commonwealth regional council (crc) is one of 21 planning districts in the state of virginia.  the crc region encompasses amelia, buckingham, charlotte, cumberland, lunenburg, nottoway and prince edward counties.  the crc assists its member localities with economic and community development, transportation planning, watershed implementation planning, emergency planning, grant writing, grant administration, gis as well other planning activities and programs.

economic development districts (edds) are multi-jurisdictional entities, commonly composed of multiple counties and in certain cases even cross-state borders.

in order to request and receive designation as an edd a region must first develop and receive approval of a comprehensive economic development strategy.  the strategic blueprint, known as a comprehensive economic development strategy (ceds), is a strategy-driven plan for regional economic development. a ceds is the result of a “regionally-owned” planning process designed to guide the economic prosperity and resiliency of an area or region. it provides a coordinating mechanism for individuals, organizations, local governments, and private industries to engage in a meaningful conversation and debate about the economic direction of their region.  the crc ceds was approved by eda in 2020 and will serve as a guide for the recently established economic development district.

crc executive director, melody foster, stated “the commonwealth regional council is happy to finally have received this designation and looks forward to providing economic development assistance to the region in the future.”

“economic development districts (edds) promote collaboration among the public, private and non-profit sectors for regional economic development,” said assistant secretary of commerce for economic development alejandra y. castillo. “through this designation, the commonwealth regional council will establish a roadmap for economic resilience, which will support business growth and job creation in southern virginia.” 







our services

the commonwealth regional council assists local units of government in planning new programs and projects, securing grants and loan funding for implementation of those programs and projects, and managing some of the programs and projects.

read more







latest news

the crc is hiring for a regional planner 12.16.24

 

read more




virginia’s heartland regional economic development alliance (vhreda) is seeking an executive director 10.11.24

 

read more





 








newsletter signup

						enter your email here to receive our monthly newsletter.					



*



  










this iframe contains the logic required to handle ajax powered gravity forms.
 





contact
commonwealth regional council
200 heartland road
keysville, va 23947
phone: (434) 392-6104


follow


 
 








© copyright 2025 commonwealth regional council


freedom of information act (foia) officer: christin jackson
the commonwealth regional council ensures nondiscrimination and equal employment in all programs and activities in accordance with title vi of the civil rights act of 1964.  if you need more information or special assistance for persons with disabilities or limited english proficiency, eoe, contact the crc’s title vi coordinator, tyler henderson at (434) 392-6104 or thenderson@virginiasheartland.org















 
