


campground reservation software -- campground master













 
 








    reservation software for rv parks and campgrounds
    











home
free demo 
features 
buy / renew 
support 
contact us





download a demo
order a demo on cd
quick-start tour
download a brochure
free 30-day trial



features & benefits
    --> maps
    --> online reservations
    --> credit card processing
    --> point of sale
    --> networking
buying guide
frequently asked questions
why choose campground master?
comments from customers
quick-start tour
marinas/motels/kennels/flea markets...



pricing
ordering information
renew support & updates
order upgrade
p.o.s. hardware



support information
downloads
installing on a new computer
upgrading to a new version
documentation
release notes
newsletters
system requirements



 
reservation software for campgrounds and rv parks


      campground master can simplify the task of reservation management for 
      any campground or rv resort, or any kind of hospitality or rental business. 
      if you're still using a wall chart and paper forms, we can help you make the 
      transition to a computerized system as quick and easy as possible.
    

      with its emphasis on ease of use and flexibility, campground master helps you manage 
      your business the way you want. we encourage you to download the free demo and try our software 
      free of charge, so you can see for yourself how simple it is to customize and operate.
    

where to start?

      a brief overview is presented below, but be sure to check the "features" menu above for more information. if you're anxious to
      get going but don't know where to start, check the buying guide to find out how to get a free 30-day trial.
      



    ideal for any size of business -- and any size of budget.
    


download a brochure
       you can download a pdf document
       containing most of the information on this web site, so you can print it out
       and review at your convenience (about 30 pages total).
       
       a 2-page flyer is also available if you need a quick illustrated summary.
       
why choose us?
       if you want to get right to the primary question of why campground master is the best choice for you, 
       click here to find out!

            "...i tried many before yours and in my mind your are the only one that knows what campground owners need.  
                we love your program and find it complete with all the frills but still easy to operate."

         - s. foro, whispering pines campsites & rv park
         

more comments...




easy to use and learn -- most campgrounds can be up and running within a day.
       
minimal computing power needed -- can be used on nearly any computer that runs windows (fully compatible with the latest version of windows 10).
       
no internet access required for the basic functionality -- but if you do have internet, a whole host of other functions are available (including remote access).
       
extremely flexible database supports any type of rentable space or items, custom transaction categories, payment types, and more.
       
only $795 (one-time cost) for a standalone system, no matter how many campsites or rooms you have. (more info).
       
no monthly fees, and no added cost per reservation made.
			 
no setup costs -- we don't require you to pay for system setup and map design like some other companies do.
                  setting up the database yourself is easy (especially with the help of our support team), and you can use any map graphics you might already have.
       
optional networking option allows remote access over the internet, like any cloud-based system (but with none of the drawbacks)!
			 
includes a very detailed manual you can download, plus quick-start tutorials.  (the full user manual is also available as instant program help -- 
      just press the f1 key at any place in the program to "call for help").  printed manuals are available for purchase.
       
support by phone or e-mail.  our personal support (no automated "support tickets") 
      has been highly praised by our customers.
      






    dynamic report tabs present the information you need most, instantly.
    





reports are available with a single click, and any report can be printed as-is or with various formatting options.
       
view occupancy in grid format, arrivals list, departures list, on-site, payments due, and more with single clicks.
       
 customizable dynamic maps -- update them anytime you like with built-in tools.  click here to see sample maps.
       
comprehensive reservation and transaction tracking, including date, time, and operator.
       
saves all customer information for easy recall on return visits.
       
walk-ins can be handled with just a few clicks of the mouse.
       
printed receipts & forms, e-mail messages, labels, reports, dialogs and menus can be customized within the program.
       
many more features...read on...



still have questions?

 try the list of frequently asked questions, buying guide, or contact us directly.
    

 





home
free demo
features
ordering info
support
contact us



 

copyright 2001-2025 by cottonwood software, llc, all rights reserved
    privacy policy

campground master is a registered trademark of cottonwood software, llc


