








siding inspections by siding solutions for louisiana pacific siding and other composite siding





located in sw portland
    po box 80609 
    portland, oregon 97280
phone: (503) 244-6610     fax: 
  (503) 452-0653
  
our e-mail address: office@sidingsolutions.com
licensed, bonded, & insured oregon ccb# 145879



welcome 
      home! ...to the pages of siding solutions inc.tm



    services

 list of available services 

 
 


damage 
      assessment inspections:  composite, fiber cement, cedar, etc.  

eifs 
    damage assessment inspections 
stucco 
      damage assessment inspections

installation inspections 

  established in 1995 
   information 
what 
is composite siding? problems 
with composite siding  status 
of class action lawsuits and warranty programs helpful 
links for identifying siding  
current siding manufacturerscontact 
siding solutions inc. 
for 
  the legal community  today's date and 
pacific standard time: 
 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 


siding 
solutions information center
testimonials 
  
   
 the following links are worth your time:   exteriors & siding information 
link      (an 
ashi home inspection information website)
siding 
  contractors
 nefsi the national organization of finish system inspectors helpful 
links for identifying siding   

   "the recognized 
experts in lap & panel siding inspections"tm 
   our humble beginningslaunched 
by the public out cry of disapproval over louisiana-pacific's treatment of  
homeowners in the portland area  in  1995............
siding solutions, inc. grew out of that 
consumer need for an unbiased, third party evaluation of the condition of their 
homes exterior siding. the company's principal owners spent several days down 
town at the court house in portland, oregon collecting the court documents as 
fast as they became public record. finally 
sense could be made of the "inspection protocol" laid out in the settlement agreement. 
siding solutions, inc. developed their field inspection forms and final siding 
inspection report format. since 
then both formats have been much improved and we feel that with our format and 
methodologies, we can provide, with consistent redundancy,  an  accurate, 
concise evaluation of  most of the composite siding products of the past 
decade. thirty  years 
in the construction trades, ten of those years sub-contracting and general contracting  
in  the pacific northwest. seven of those years were spent installing composite 
sidings of all kinds, giving siding solutions, inc.©  
owners an experienced edge in the siding inspection business. as 
time goes by more and more composite sidings are going bad. the staff at siding 
solutions, inc. are continully researching and educating themselves and others 
about all of these existing and  new products on the market. we are dedicated 
to help homeowners, multi-family dwelling owners, lenders, and real estate professionals.
we are continually expanding our inspection 
services to include all types of siding, installation certification, installation 
variance investigation, construction design defects and water intrusion issues.
certified construction inspections for 
draw requests are also offered. if 
you are interested in any of our services please call on us at the number below.
"the recognized experts in lap 
& panel siding inspections" these 
pages and all content regarded as the properties of siding solutions, inc
are 
protected by u.s.copy right laws  return 
to top of page
po box 80609 
portland, oregon 97280
phone: (503) 244-6610  fax: (503) 452-0653 our e-mail 
address:office@sidingsolutions.com
  
 
today's date and pacific standard time:   
  


   # of visitors since april 5, 1998 
:   
    __________________  
     
 . 
plan 
your triplocal 
radardetailed 
forecast



