 



soothing music by frederic delarue, meditation, stress relieving, uplifting






























 





  welcome on this beautiful 
 



music for well-being | healing | massage | yoga | meditation | relaxation



home

resources 

music of your soul
listen to music
music medicine
the angel & christ on the mountain
dr. emoto/frederic's music
village fest


bio
gallery
testimonials
media press
contact                 



                                
          





in your own words...  



 

"mommy that's the music angels make in heaven!", said a 6 year-old boy.
betty phillips phd, nc, usa 


i am moved to tears whenever i listen to this music... 
marilyn terrazas, california , usa

amazing results! the music heals from within.
markus, falkenberg, sweden


the music is like "being washed with spring rain of sunshine..." powerful experience. 
květoslava snášelová, czech republic


a true gift from heaven! it is simply divine! thank you.yamina khennouchi, metz, france


this music awakens the heart chakra, it is wonderful. thank you. 
jean-michel homo, mazamet, france


i can feel the angelic energy of your music. it brings smiles to my heart.
peggy watkins, oregon, usa


this music is so soothing & healing and its ability to help me open my heart has been and continues to be profound.  it has transformed me and changed my life! 
marla rose, asheville, nc, usa


the beauty and purity of your music has touched me...
patti r-j, california, usa


i simply love this angel & dolphin music. it touches my soul at the deepest level.
sissel, oslo, norway


your music helped me pick myself up when i start feeling depressed..
debbie b h, nh, usa


this music sounds like it descends directly from heaven!
mircea marinescu, romania


i was truly touched with the sound of your music and songs. music heals.
tove k., denmark


"music of the miracles!"  rj lannan, new age reporter mag., usa


i want you to know how your music has helped me. now i am pain free and feel wonderful. 
norma horst, thousand palms, california 


awesome life changing experience.    carol h., eugene, oregon, usa 


what you give to the world, and your followers is a gift beyond price. 
dede, california 


your music is incredible, and you are an absolute blessing among us.
when i finally reach the timeless "hall of records," i know it is your music that i will hear. 
   traci, florida 


the music you compose with the help of the angels is beautiful.
it works like balm on my heart and soul. 
   lilia, banff, alberta, canada


whenever i listen to your music it takes me to a place of quiet retreat where none of the world cares can reach me.
i feel total bliss and peace.
   catherine s.


the "music of the soul" felt like a true and wonderful confirmation of the love and connection we feel for one another. 
   rodney & teresa, la mesa, california


this man enters your soul and heals you pain. he warms your heart & enables your spirits to soar. 
skip sahota, palm springs, california, usa


when i listen to "eyes of your heart," i feel myself wrapped in a blanket of pure peace.
linda, michigan, usa












musical rapture (free)
recommended for anyone needing any type of healing... 
more details

 


set of 7 cds + book + dvd

  listen to music


us$111.00 + shipping + sales tax



eyes of your heart (book + cd)
more details

us$30.00 + shipping + sales tax



eyes of your heart (book)
more details


 (paperback) 

 (kindle version)


eyes of your heart (cd)
the power of soothing music

more details **         listen to music








a mind like an ocean
intense & powerful musicthat will set you free!
more details **         listen to music






reflection
soothing melodic piano music! meditation & relaxation music
more details **         listen to music






symphony of light
top 10 adult contemp. album of 2006intense original music inspired from classical piecesdedicated to the angel on the mountain
more details **         listen to music






dolphins...a message of love
'music of the miracles' quotes nar 
more details **         listen to music






soaring with the angels
ideal cd for massage, deep relaxation!calms you down/helps you to fall asleepalso calms down any pets!
more details **        listen to music






voyage of the soul
melodies that inspire...great for road tripsalso beneficial for healing purposes.
more details**        listen to music






cousteau's dream
compilation of various artistswith yanni, kenny g, kitaro, vangelis, frederic delarue.
featuring a special version of "future of the sea" (voyage of the soul)
more details





 disclaimer


 © ® 2023 frederic delarue productions - all rights reserved.

