














home | ess





















    skip to main content











facebook
instagram
twitter
youtube
linkedin
search





 











main navigation




about


about ess


department leadership


department staff


directory


employment


contact us


visit us




research


research themes


faculty




academics


bachelor of arts in environmental science and policy


bachelor of science in earth system science


ph.d program


ph.d program faqs


environmental changemakers certificate




news & events


news


events


reeburgh lecture series




giving


giving priorities



menu
























ph.d. program in ess - apply today!
climate change is one of the existential challenges confronting humanity in the 21st century. ph.d. students in uci's department of earth system science (ess) are part of the global scientific community working to define the causes and impacts of climate change and to develop effective solutions for a sustainable future. the ess doctoral program provides graduate students with the perspective of the earth as a coupled system and the technical know-how for a successful stem career.  explore research and faculty in ess.
learn more







did you know?
we offer 2 majors and a minor program.  in our bs program you will learn the science of climate change. it prepares you for careers in science, research, or technical fields.  our ba program is in partnership with the school of social ecology, and you will learn about both the science and policy aspects of climate change and sustainability. the program prepares you for a career in government, non-profit or private industry.  our minor in earth and atmospheric sciences offers students in the natural sciences and engineering a path to explore interdisciplinary problems and broaden their studies.
learn more







on the front lines
ph.d. student audrey odwuor, along with uci department of earth system science professor claudia czimczik, sampled the smoke billowing from the caldor fire in lake tahoe.
read more







diversity, equity, and inclusion
inclusive excellence is a core value of the department of earth system science. as a department and as a community, we affirm our commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion and anti-racism, and recognize the inherent value of all who work and study here. 
read more














home



















 


global climate and environmental changes: causesimpactssolutions
















academics



 



 


 

bachelor of science in earth system science
/bachelor-science-earth-system-science




 


 

bachelor of arts in environmental science and policy
/bachelor-arts-environmental-science-and-policy




 


 

ph.d in earth system science
/phd-program





























news


  


 
two uc irvine faculty members elected to national academy of engineering
  kyriacos athanasiou and eric rignot recognized for outstanding research leadership.         
read more
 
  


 
when green turns gray: how heatwaves turn plants into unexpected polluters
  new uc irvine research reveals how extreme heat events can make everyday greenery a hidden contributor to air pollution.         
read more
 
  


 
uc irvine faculty members and researchers discuss nature wellness project
  the project is a collaborative effort between the uci school of pharmacy & pharmaceutical sciences, school of biological sciences, and school of physical sciences.          
read more
 





















upcoming and recent events




live from the arctic: unlocking earth's environmental history
the ice sheets near the earth’s poles contain ancient ice formed from continuous snow accumulation over thousands of years.
read more






upcoming events


 

department seminar: margaret duffywednesday, february 05, 2025
 

department seminar: mattia poinelliwednesday, february 12, 2025
 

department seminar: meghana ranganathanwednesday, january 22, 2025



more events

















give nowcicerone chaircicerone fellowshipgraduate fellowship
donate now

















the department of earth system science acknowledges our presence on the ancestral and unceded territory of the acjachemen and tongva peoples, who still hold strong cultural, spiritual and physical ties to this region.
















 







contact
department of earth system sciencecroul hallirvine, ca 92697-3100(949) 824-8794essinfo@ess.uci.eduinternal websitegive now






social

facebook
instagram
twitter
youtube
linkedin















privacy notice


© 2021 uc regents






































