






hopalong cassidy























































skip to content











home
history
media
trading post
a “national treasure”
contact
my account

edit profile


 







 









home 



 


hopalong cassidy
the most successful cowboy hero from the golden age of hollywood





hopalong cassidy rides again
in 1935 the first hopalong cassidy film was produced by paramount pictures starring a 40-year-old actor named william boyd. over the next 20 years, hopalong cassidy and boyd became an iconic fixture in the lives of american movie goers, particularly young people who joined his fan club and collected his merchandise in record numbers. the hoppy creed of behavior is as relevant today as it was when hoppy and his white horse, topper, paraded across america. during that span, 66 original movies were made along with 52 television episodes, 104 radio shows and hundreds of comic books; a library and collection that has been preserved in pristine condition and been identified by the film archivist of the library of congress. the entire collection of film, digital, and collectible merchandise is owned and managed by u.s. televison office, inc. which acquired the property from boyd’s widow, grace.
in 2020, 100 years after bill boyd first worked in hollywood as a bit actor, the character and stories of this legendary lawman are still being enjoyed by viewers on starz, me-tv, amazon and on dvd. these licenses, along with timeless merchandise, have built a solid foundation to relaunch the hopalong cassidy brand as hoppy rides again.
read more 














66						   

 movies





52						   

 tvc episodes





104						   

 radio shows





2400						   

 merchandis licences                         (alltime)




 




hopalong cassidy watches outsold mickey mouse watches 3 to 1 in 1952.
under bill boyd’s guidance, hopalong cassidy grossed over $70mm in merchandise that same year.
from hollywood’s western past, hopalong cassidy rides again is the return of the famous
lawman and role model to the forefront of cowboy western entertainment.




hoppy history
hopalong cassidy is a fictional cowboy hero created in 1904 by the author clarence e. mulford. the character as played by movie...
read more 




a national treasure
the hopalong cassidy film collection includes over 4,000 reels of 35mm and 16mm film, of both positive and negative prints...
read more 




trading post
the hoppy trading post is actually 2 “virtual” stores in one. the museum store offers original collectible items that will be sold by...
read more 



hoppy media
usto has preserved and enhanced the films and digital assets and licenses, and copyrighted the 66 original movies, 52 original tv episodes, 104 radio shows, 200 comic books, and over 2,400 different merchandise licenses over the history of the century-old brand.



film & tv
hopalong cassidy movies and tv shows have been digitally preserved and enhanced and are available on these 

links: >> starz – pay tv – subscribers only
>> me-tv – free tv
>> amazon prime
>> allied vaughn blu-ray & dvd on demand



radio shows
104 original hopalong cassidy radio shows have been preserved and remastered and are available here…


 














 



contact us
u.s. television office, inc.
holger wrede | kim dawson | carl amari

 




 





			© copyright u.s. television office, inc. 2021 


























