



minisink valley historical society - welcome to our website


















mvhs is a 501c3please help our society by making a donation - just click the "donate" button above.
every little bit helps!


welcome to our web page

home
our board of directors
about the society
our mission
directional map
search this website
contacting us
listen to music
acknowledgments

laurel grove cemetery
society programs

hours/calendar of events
press releases
past events

society gift shop
society memberships
the minisink's history

minisink valley bibliography
maps of the minisink region
old photographs
port jervis and the gilded age
history at our doorstep

revolutionary war heritage

fort decker museum of history
fort decker roof project
the battle at minisink ford
the declaration of independence
of hearth and home
daughters of the american revolution


d&h canal history

d&h history
d&h heritage trail
d&h bibliography
d&h museums and more

tri-states railway preservation society
the railroads of port jervis
genealogy

surname file search
research policy & tips
family history
family reunions
family websites
genealogy forum
cemeteries

visiting our area

tri-state points of interest
top 15 things to see in the area
delaware river heritage trail
eagle viewing

great links
how can you help us

giving to our society by shopping on the internet
memorials and bequests
plans for creative giving
wish list


click links with triangle to show/hide sub links
				






















announcements
fort decker: fort  decker's regular tour schedule:   jun 29, jul 27, aug 31, sept 28, oct 26. (open 1 - 4). on october 26th, the navasing long rifles, a colonial reenacting group, will be in attendance. dressed in period attire, these historians portray and share their knowledge of our colonial times as "living history" - contemporary to the time that the historic stone building served as an 18th century  fort
mvhs archives: our archives at the port jervis library are accessible by appointment. we are limited on the number of people we can accomodate in our room, and request that anyone wishing to use the archive - first make an appointment. please plan ahead, especially if you are traveling from a distance, and contact us before finalizing your trip. 
we abide with the regulations of the port jervis library - as the archive is located on the upper floor - accessible to that level by elevator. should the library ever be closed - we cannot access.email: minisinkvalley@gmail.com
also, please watch  the minisink valley facebook page for updates.

do check back here and on our facebook page for all updates.
please keep in mind that while we could not remain open due to covid, we still had expenses. we depend on your generous support to maintain the buildings and grounds, pay utilities, etc. we also welcome anyone interested in assisting as tour guide at the fort. please contact the society.

fort decker maintenance fund  urgent message

 all of us involved with the history of the minisink region share a common link  -  an uncommon love for the preservation of history. part of that history is fort decker, constructed prior to 1760, and attacked during joseph brant's raid on the minisink in 1779. 


unfortunately, time has ravaged our beloved fort, and she now needs our help. won't you consider making a small contribution of $10 (more if you can) to help keep the fort from further decay? this will be a yearlong effort to raise funds for the restoration. 


please make a donation and pass the word of our efforts to your family, friends and co-workers to support this cause. 











 within the yellow oval is the area of severe water damage. 
while there is a need to re-point the entire building 
this side is critical.
 through the years different styles and types of masonry 
techniques have been applied to the building.
  
 much of this patch work has been deteriorating 
and needs our attention.   
the spaces at ground level make wonderful 
entry ways for moisture and furry little critters.  
the inside of the second floor fireplace - the water no longer leaks into 
the chimney since the copper caps were installed in 2011. 
damage to second floor plaster wall against chimney and fireplace. 


minisink valley historical society is a 501c3 - your tax-deductible gift in any amount is an investment that will be of direct benefit to fort decker. minisink valley historical society is an all volunteer organization. 

please take a moment to click on 
the "donate" button 
or mail your contribution to 
mvhs, po box 659, port jervis, ny 12771. 
click here to download a printable pdf donation form/flyer.










please visit and like our facebook page!

 
above is a random photo from our old photographs page.
          		
				


welcome to our website and the historic
minisink valley, where some of our nation's earliest history occurred. the minisink valley is an
area which reaches from minisink ford, new york, to lackawaxen, pennsylvania, to the delaware water
gap at new jersey and pennsylvania, including:





in new york:

city of port jervis
town of deerpark



cuddebackville
rio
huguenot
westbrookville



town of forestburgh
town of greenville
town of lumberland
town of mamakating

in new jersey:

wantage township
montague township
sandyston township

in pennsylvania:

dingmans ferry township
borough of matamoras
borough of milford





click here to see a general map of the minisink valley region.
the minisink valley historical society is located at 125-133 west main street in port 
jervis, new york. the fort decker museum of history, a stone house built in 1760, 
and listed on the national register of historic places is the society's museum. the 
robert kleinstuber house, which is located behind it, is the center of the society's 
day-to-day activities and is the location of the society's storage facilities.




copyright © 2024 the minisink valley historical society. all rights reserved.
          revised june 24, 2024







