




appliance scratch & dent outlet canada :: appliances super store in kitchener


































 (519) 749-9992

 




home
appliances

refrigerators
electric ranges and gas stoves
dishwashers
washers - front load and he top load
dryers - electric and gas

services

appliance warranty  

about us

faq


our location
contact
css menus examples css3menu.com








 





(519) 749-9992


menu
home
appliances
- refrigerators
- electric ranges and gas stoves
- dishwashers
- washers - front load and he top load
- dryers - electric and gas
services
- extended warranties
about us
- faq
- our location
contact






 




appliance scratch & dent outlet
shoppersare you looking for a new refrigerator, electric or gas range, perhaps a dishwasher, washing machine, dryer, wall oven, microwave or cooktop? you should consider appliances that are scratched / dented --- they can help you save money!  we offer our valued customers in-store shopping, free pick-up assistance as well as the option of full local and regional delivery service.
never pay retail prices again!
visit our discount appliance store today and save big money on major kitchen and laundry room appliances. we offer brand name appliances from frigidaire, electrolux, amana, and danby.
the appliance scratch and dent outlet in kitchener - waterloo, is one of the largest factory authorized scratch & dent dealers in the province of ontario. since 1999, thousands of happy shoppers have saved money by purchasing our discounted appliances.
please visit our store in kitchener at 407 gage avenue, unit #4. we're looking forward to seeing you. if you have any questions, please call (519) 749-9992
we offer huge discounts on home appliances!

 














1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8








scratched and dented appliances are new units that are out of a carton, and may have cosmetic blemishes. our large selection of scratched, dented, repacked, refurbished and open stock close-outs are thoroughly tested by our own in house service technicians.
all appliances are backed by a 30 day parts and labour warranty on all functional parts within the region of waterloo. extended warranty is also available.
welcome smart shoppers
kitchener . waterloo . cambridge . guelph . elora . ayr . fergus . milton . woodstock . brantford . stratford . burlington . oakville . hamilton . london . mississauga . markham . oshawa . brampton . toronto















															appliance scratch and dent outlet
															407 gage ave., unit 4
														    
															kitchener, ontario     (canada) 
														    
															n2m 5e1 
														    
															phone: (519) 749-9992
                                                            
                                                            email: sales@scratchanddent.ca

   



																home
															


																appliances
															


																refrigerators
															


																electric ranges and gas stoves
															


																dishwashers
															


																washers - front load and "he" top load
															


																dryers - electric and gas
															



																about us
															


																location
															


																service
															


																faq
															


																contact us
															


																terms and privacy
															









 
    |      
web design by: getonline designs, kitchener, ontario    
											




