









canada work permit



























homeassessmentaboutfaqforumcontact














facilitating legal admission for work in canada
professional services firm with a clear focus on gaining admission of professionals, skilled workers, and business persons.
get a free eligibility assessment. 









work in canada
a foreign national who intends to work in canada is generally required to possess a work permit or other permission to legally do so. such authorization may come in various forms, and usually requires advanced approval prior to eligibility to enter canada for work. read the faq






canadian work permits
there are numerous provisions by which a foreign worker can seek a work permit in canada. however, these usually fall within one of several general classifications that can be used to better understand the procedures. get more detail






free eligibility evaluation
if you or an employee are seeking temporary eligibility to work in canada, please complete a canadian work permit eligibility assessment at no cost to determine which strategy is the best approach in your case. you may also contact us at (800)686-0483.get started














the canadian work permit process
the following are the basic considerations when seeking admission to engage in work in canada.







arranged work



there must typically be arranged work in canada (with some limited exceptions). arranged work can take the form of a direct offer of employment from a canadian company, or a contract with an organization by which an individual is assigned to work in canada (without being a direct employee of a canadian company).





labour market impact assessment


if applicable, a labour market impact assessment (lmia) should be obtained in advance of applying. however, in some cases a case may be exempt from this requirement. in other cases, the work in canada could be subject to an exemption from a work permit under business visitor or other provisions.





case preparation


in all cases, the application materials must be presented in a thorough and clear manner. an incomplete or ambiguous application can result in significant delays or even refusal, which could impact subsequent admissibility. in some cases, it is necessary to complete advanced filiings for compliance purposes prior to submission of the actual application.





submit an application


the work permit application must be submitted to the appropriate venue for processing. this may include a visa office abroad, a port of entry (depending on nationality and the nature of the case), or centralized processing offices responsible for pre-screening of port of entry applications. the best choice of processing cenue will depend on the nature of the case and can have a significant bearing on the timing and even the outcome.













there may be multiple methods by which to submit and process any given application. differences in these methods can have a significant impact on the requirements and, possibly, the outcome of the application. as a general rule a case is processed at a canadian visa office prior to arrival in canada. in some cases, however, an application for a work permit can be submitted at a canadian port of entry (i.e., airport, border crossing, etc.). in the latter approach, advanced decision-making on the application is possible in certain situations, which may affect the time needed to conclude the application.

some applicants for a canadian work permit will be required to undergo medical examinations prior to issuance of a canadian visa, which can also effect the duration of the application process. situtations in which this is necessary depend on the duration of the work permit being sought, the residence of the applicant in the 12 months prior to the submission of a case, and the nature of the occupation (e.g., some occupations involving direct contact with the public for greater than three hours per day may always require medical examinations).
get assessed








work permit categories in general
there are numerous categories or provisions by which a foreign worker can seek a work permit in canada. however, these usually fall within one of several general classifications that can be used to better understand the procedures. these are:











labour market impact assessment (lmia)
work in canada subject to a labour market impact assessment (formerly labour market opinion or lmo) or esdc confirmation;








international agreements
international treaties such as the north american free trade agreement (nafta), the canada-european union comprehensive economic and trade agreement; the canada chile free trade agreement (ccfta), or the general agreement on trade in services (gats);








canadian interests
situations in which there is evidence of canadian interests including ointra-company transfers, reciprocal employment opportunities, spousal programs, and other circumstances in which there is a social, cultural, or economic benefit to canada;








exemptions
limited circumstances in which work in canada is permitted without a permit.













toll-free (north america)
(800) 686-0483


international
+1-514-907-1091


need help?
call us








follow us


  










news
blog posts and news







quick links
homeassessmentaboutforumsfaqcontactsite map







discussions
temporary work in canadapermanent work in canadafinding work in canada







all contents copyright synergism consulting














