


tarot bags, tarot cards, cloths, & more!













 


































shopping cart





shopping cart empty ( 0 )go shopping!  trackcheckout





mailing list | customer reviews
free shipping on us orders $60 or more















menu


home

shop

tarot bags

silk tarot bags
classic tarot bags
double draw tarot bags
wide tarot bags
large tarot bags
small tarot bags
short bags
bag sizes guide
cord colors


tarot cloths
tarot cards
lenormand cards
oracle cards
runes & bags
on sale


resources

most popular tarot
reading tarot
smudging
tarot on film

movies
television


tarot q&a
tarot spreads

annual forecast
celtic cross
zodiac


introducing tarot
tarot ethics


faq

how to order
our customers
quality


contact

tarot totes blog



















welcome to tarot totes
tarot bags, readings cloths, tarot and oracle cards and more...

		
		
		
		
		
		
		since 1998, tarot totes has been handcrafting our tarot bags and tarot accessories and selling them around the world on our website. we are the oldest tarot store on the internet! looking for a tarot bag to keep your favorite deck safe? we've got all sizes and styles.




xiv. temperance


			
			
			
			
			
			
			if the strings of an instrument are wound too tightly, they will snap. if they are wound too loosely, they won't play. seek balance in all things.

			
			
			
			
			
			
			(card from the rider-waite-smith tarot)
looking to buy tarot cards, oracle cards or lenormand cards? need a tarot reading cloth to protect your cards from micro-abrasions? you've come to the right place.

we carry over 200 different bags in a variety of sizes and styles, the largest selection of premium handcrafted bags for your cards on the internet. we also carry tarot cloths for reading spreads, tarot card decks, rune sets, and more. we hope you'll find something that speaks to you!

if you're new here, please take a moment to look at see what our customers say about us. if you've bought from us in the past, please leave a review.



jump to the tarot totes store

bags for tarot cards and oracle cards

silk tarot bags - for standard sized tarot cards
single draw (regular) tarot bags - for standard sized tarot cards
double draw tarot bags - for standard sized tarot cards
large tarot bags - for large tarot decks, oracle cards, or deck and book
wide tarot bags - for large tarot decks, oracle cards, or deck and book
small tarot bags - for lenormand cards, small and pocket sized tarot cards
short tarot bags - for runes, lenormand cards, small and pocket sized tarot cards

tarot cloths - for reading tarot cards, oracle cards, for altars and more
card decks & deck/book sets

tarot cards - a selection of new and popular tarot card decks
oracle decks - a selection of new and popular oracle card decks
lenormand decks - a small selection of some popular lenormand cards

runes & pouches - rune sets and rune bags

we're social
if you love what we have to offer, share us with a friend! like us on facebook, follow us on twitter or instagram, subscribe to our blog, or heart our pins on pinterest!


latest news
tarot totes stands with black lives matter!







sign up for our mailing list to be notified of new activity and to be eligible for special deals only available to our mailing list members!


some of our newest products


the crow tarot




tarot grande luxe




the jungian tarot



urban tarot





why order from tarot totes?

quality: our handmade tarot bags and cloths are the highest quality tarot accessories you will find.
integrity: we pride ourselves on our exemplary customer service and our business integrity.
100% guarantee: we want you to be completely satisfied with your purchase.
fast: most orders are processed and shipped with 24 to 72 hours.
family owned & operated: we're proud to be a family business, now in our second generation.
trust: we've been operating our online tarot store since 1998. you can trust that we'll be here for you!
made in the usa: our cloth creations are made by skilled artisans in our home studio in the pacific northwest.

still not sure?
			
			
			
			
			
			
		take a look at our testimonials to see what our customers say about us. according to melissa r:


'choosing tarot totes is not hard... choosing a pattern is.'



about us
tarot totes has been family owned and operated since 1998. we've sold more 17,000 tarot totes through our website and online auctions. we take pride in each and every one of our handmade creations. our bags, cloths, and other fabric accessories are made with love and pride. we hope you find something that resonates with you. that something we made with our hands brings you joy, brings us joy!

						
						
						
						
						
						
					our customers use our bags to carry or store a variety of things: a tarot deck, runes, oracle decks, lenormand cards, wands, gps devices, smartphones, ipods, cell phones, pendulums, crystals, gemstones, spell kits, aromatherapy items, board game pieces, metaphysical books, small crystal balls, and other treasures.






this award honors outstanding tarot websites that educate
				
				
				
				
				
				
			the public about tarot, and that educate readers of all skill levels.
american tarot association



last updated: 26 november, 2021


 












all prices in us $
all our cloth and silk products are individually handcrafted with care to ensure quality. please allow for slight natural variations in size and pattern placement.
								note on images: due to variances among color monitors, the colors on your screen may appear differently than the actual product.














© 1998-2025 tarot totes, usa. all rights reserved. website by worldwide merchant
 


 


