defaultrisk.com the web's biggest credit risk modeling resource.

defaultrisk.com the web's biggest credit risk modeling resource.         submit your paper

this is the web's most comprehensive credit risk modeling and measurement resource for corporate debt. there are currently 1,951 references with abstracts to credit risk management and modeling related research. 1,618 of these are full text freely downloadable papers. if i have missed anything, then please contact me.the views expressed on this website are those of the individual contributors, and do not necessarily reflect the views of any related party or employer. new research this week of september-29:fluctuation analysis for the loss from default (updated)on spherical monte carlo simulations for multivariate normal probabilitiesbounds for functions of dependent risks (updated)new in previous weeks:week of september-15 a bottom-up dynamic model of portfolio credit risk with stochastic intensities and random recoveries (updated)valuing derivatives: funding value adjustments and fair value (updated)informationally dynamized gaussian copula (updated)counterparty risk and funding: the four wings of the tva (updated)pricing counterparty risk including collateralization, netting rules, re-hypothecation and wrong-way risk (updated)restructuring counterparty credit risk (updated)collateralized cva valuation with rating triggers and credit migrations (updated)week of september-8 statistical merging of rating modelsvaluing derivatives: funding value adjustments and fair value (updated)week of august-11 validating default models when the validation data are corrupted: analytic results and bias correctionsnumerical solution of jump-diffusion sdesweek of july-28 bankruptcy prediction of small and medium enterprises using a flexible binary generalized extreme value modelmodelling small and medium enterprise loan defaults as rare events: the generalized extreme value regression model (updated)week of july-14 valuation and hedging of otc contracts with funding costs, collateralization and counterparty credit risk: part 1is the jump-diffusion model a good solution for credit risk modeling? the case of convertible bondsan accurate solution for credit value adjustment (cva) and wrong way riskaggregate and firm-level measures of systemic risk from a structural model of defaultsystemic sovereign credit risk: lessons from the u.s. and europeweek of june-2 coco bonds valuation with equity- and credit-calibrated first passage structural modelsinterest-rate modelling in collateralized markets: multiple curves, credit-liquidity effects, ccpsa framework for loss given default validation of retail portfoliosfunding, collateral and hedging: uncovering the mechanics and the subtleties of funding valuation adjustments (updated)week of may-19 an economic examination of collateralization in different financial marketsbarrier options under lévy processes: a short-cutrecovering portfolio default intensities implied by cdo quotesdo sovereign credit default swaps represent a clean measure of sovereign default risk? a factor model approachpricing of derivatives contracts under collateral agreements: liquidity and funding value adjustments (updated)rethinking capital structure arbitrage (updated)week of may-5 assessing municipal bond default probabilitiescva, fva (and dva?) with stochastic spreads: a feasible replication approach under realistic assumptionsvaluing derivatives: funding value adjustments and fair value (updated)week of april-28 bank capital, interbank contagion, and bailout policybilateral credit valuation adjustment of an optional early termination clause (updated)week of april-21 the fva-dva puzzle: completing markets with collateral trading strategiesa model for dependent defaults and pricing contingent claims with counterparty riskassessing contagion risks in the cds marketinformationally dynamized gaussian copulaloss given default modeling: a comparative analysisweek of april-14 relating lgd for bank loans to the state of the worlda bottom-up dynamic model of portfolio credit risk with stochastic intensities and random recoverieson multi-particle brownian survivals and the spherical laplacian (updated)debt structure, market value of firm and recovery rateoptimal right and wrong way riskweek of april-7 the research top ten lists are updated.fluctuation analysis for the loss from defaulton multivariate extensions of value-at-riskcollateral-enhanced default riskthe limits of granularity adjustmentsshould a derivatives dealer make a funding value adjustment?contagion effects and collateralized credit value adjustments for credit default swapscva 'demystified'ensemble predictions of recovery ratesdva for assetsthe art of pd curve calibration (updated)libor vs ois: the derivatives discounting dilemma (updated)pricing and hedging in the presence of extraneous risks (updated)see all credit research: by category by author by jel classification by ams classification most popular most recent (by publication date -- not posting date)

about this web sitethis is not a vendor site.  it is just my own.  i have been excited by credit risk methodologies throughout my career.  although i am the principal author of creditmetrics®, and losscalc™, ... as well as contributed to equity structural and cds models (and have a natural affinity for them), i am more of an advocate for the continued study of credit risk modeling.  wonderfully, there are over eighteen hundred researchers featured on this site (see the full list)!"i'm making the world less risky;one credit portfolio at a time!" -- greg m. gupton what i want is to advance the state-of-the-art of credit risk management ... through you.  i hope to give you all the tools to understand the strengths and limits of credit value-at-risk models so you can take the best and ... i trust ... create better ones.  this site has been under continual development since 2000 and will continue to grow.  i'm trying to satisfy two audiences:practitioners have a no-nonsense need to address risk in a timely fashion.  institutions hire research people to develop internal (and adapt external) risk measurement and pricing systems to address tangible needs.academics have the more strategic, but no less difficult, need to efficiently access the many disparate sources of prior  research and to gain insight into current practitioner practice & demand.greg m. gupton, webmaster 
 [ 