






obsessed outdoorsman -





























































contactprivacy poilcyterms and conditionsfishingget some good pointers on fishing for different species.survivalvaluable information to implement in a survival situation.huntinglearn some great tips for hunting in the wild.











obsessed outdoorsman

what is an outdoorsman?
the truth is that an outdoorsman and an outdoorswoman, if you will, are one and the same. they are people who enjoy the outdoors and everything that it has to offer. those who hone the skills of hunting, fishing, living off the land and the art of survival in the wilderness are what separates the rest of the world from the true outdoorsman.
if you eat, breathe, sleep and s**t the outdoors, then you are in the right place. furthermore, ifâ your version of fishing is going to the supermarket and picking a salmon fillet out of the meat case, then you are not. however. if you prefer to fill your freezer and feed your family with 100% preservative and growth hormone free meat, then we have you covered.
if you would freak out and not have the first clue on how you were going to feed your family if the grocery store shelves were wiped clean and they all shut down tomorrow, then you may or may not be on the right site as it would all depend on you and if you were willing to implement the knowledge you will find here.
most of today’s true outdoorsman were born and bred that way. having the skills and knowledge passed down to them through generations. others were born that way into a family that is not and managed to pave their own way. seeking the skills and knowledge they crave through outside resources. then the pandemic hit, and the uncertainty cast upon the world had people who never had the slightest interest when it came to hunting, fishing or survival looking to educate themselves in preparation for an apocalyptic situation.
rewind
mankind has had to rely on the goods and services that mother nature has provided for us since the beginning of time. our ancestors had to acclimate to their surroundings and rely on the knowledge and skills that were passed down to them in order to survive.
they couldn’t get an extended forecast on the news as a forewarning that a storm was coming or what weather they were to expect. they didn’t have the luxury of having a multitude of grocery stores that they could just drive to and have all the food they wanted at their fingertips.
there was no faucet to turn on for a glass of fresh cold water. heat wasn’t piped into their house to where they could just turn up the thermostat when it got cold. they didn’t have a reliable means of preserving foods, such as refrigerators or freezers. canning was attempted, but the techniques would often fail. their homes were constructed from the resources that surrounded them, and chainsaws were nonexistent. in those days, you had no choice but to be an “obsessed outdoorsman” or you would die.
fast forward
obviously, humanity has made massive strides since the beginning of time…which is a good thing. the technology and knowledge we have today has given us a superior advantage over our prey. scent controlled camouflage clothing, different camouflage patterns for different environments and insulated clothing and boots have helped us stay undetected in the field longer.
portable ice fishing shanties, fish finders, fancy rods and reels, smooth casting fishing line and the plethora of different fishing baits on the market today have really made life much easier in the angler’s world. fast compound bows with sights, crossbows, high powered rifles, high powered scopes, carbon arrows, fixed and mechanical broadheads as well as finely crafted ammo have ensured clean kills in the field. the outdoorsman of today has a massive arsenal of tools and resources compared to the outdoorsman of yesterday.
who is an obsessed outdoorsman?
an obsessed outdoorsman is you, me and anyone else who’s passion runs deep through their veins for the outdoors. if you spend your off season prepping and thinking about next hunting season, then you are obsessed. in addition, if you fish every single spare minute possible that you have, your obsessed too.
if the only place that you truly feel at ease and in your natural element is in the wilderness, then you too have the obsession. if you cram your camper in a campground every weekend in the summer months and call that camping, then i’m not sure you have it. however, if you pitch a tent in the back country because you want to be as far from civilization as possible…you definitely have it.
what is obsessed outdoorsman?
obsessed outdoorsman is a spectacular resource for the modern-day outdoorsman. here you’ll find useful tips and gain valuable knowledge to implement in the great outdoors. you will also find information on the latest gear on the market and which ones are the best bang for your buck when it comes to quality and reliability.
moreover, nobody wants to throw good money after bad because let’s face it, nothing is cheap anymore. the last thing you want to do is flush your hard-earned money down the drain. whether you live off the grid in the middle of nowhere or you have to submit to the daily grind and hit the woods when you can, you’ll find useful information on here to help you better understand and harness what you can in the wilderness.
from the field to the freezer to your plate, there isn’t anything more rewarding than harvesting and processing the food that your family consumes. the less you have to rely on society and the government for the essentials in life, the better off you will be. consume the knowledge and display the confidence…become the obsessed outdoorsman.















blogaboutfaqsauthors
eventsshoppatternsthemes




twenty twenty-five

				designed with wordpress 








