









black pelican | oceanfront dining | blackpelican.com


















































 






 



×








february 15, 2025
lunch specials – available until 3pm
blue plate – beef & lamb gyros in a pita with lettuce, tomato, onion, and tzatziki sauce, served with french fries $8.99
chef’s pasta – sauteed shrimp with fresh cut veggies and linguini pasta tossed in a roasted red pepper scampi $16.99
casino crusted swordfish served with lemon-basil roasted potatoes, and brussels sprout, finished with aged balsamic $16.99
golden fried mahi-mahi served with french fries and coleslaw $14.99
soup of the day – steak and potato  po boy – flounder 



 




 



×








black pelican awards
we are so thankful and honored to have received these awards! 

wedding wire
wedding wire couple’s choice awards – 2019wedding wire couple’s choice awards – 2018
best of the beach
2019 best of the beachbest cateringbest seafood restaurantbest dessertsbest kid friendly restaurantbest family restaurant
2018 best of the beach
best cateringbest barbest waterfront dining
the outer banks voice | jam media
march of dimes
march of dimessignature chefs auctionoutstanding culinary presentation 2014
march of dimessignature chefs auctiondish of the outer banks 2014
march of dimessignature chefs auctionmost outstanding dessert 2015
outer banks restaurant association
3rd place people’s choice2014 taste of the beachouter banks restaurant association
2nd placeouter banks catch2015 taste of the beachouter banks restaurant association
people’s choicebest dessert2016 taste of the beachouter banks restaurant association
people’s choice2nd place2017 taste of the beachouter banks restaurant association
judges 3rd place2017 taste of the beachouter banks restaurant association
judges best 2nd place2018 taste of the beachouter banks restaurant association
grand chef’s awardtaste of the beach 2019outer banks restaurant association
2019 taste of the beachjudge’s best in showouter banks restaurant association



 




 











home
about

history


news & events
gallery

restaurant gallery
food gallery


menus

appetizers & salads
dinner menu
lunch menu
pizza and steamers menu
late night menu
kids menu
wine list


catering
store

event tickets
gift certificates
glassware
hats
apparel
gifts
kids
jewelry


contact

employment application


 


select page


  
 
 




 







oceanfront dining
on the outer banks, nc
catering











our daily specialsthe black pelican restaurant is cooking up something special today and every day.
view all specials











the black pelican oceanfront restaurant
welcome to the black pelican, one of the outer banks' premier restaurants. located in kitty hawk, north carolina, the black pelican offers panoramic ocean views from our dining rooms and outside deck.
our unique building was constructed in 1874 and used as a united states lifesaving station. the black pelican is full of character and rustic charm. walkthrough maritime history while savoring an unforgettable meal.

learn more










view our menus
gourmet woodfired pizzas, fresh seafood, salads & such, excellent vegetarian selections, daily & nightly chef specials, award winning desserts, great foods & fun drinks……








catering services
planning a menu for a wedding or any type of event requires special attention. our staff of qualified coordinators and chefs will make sure your event runs smoothly from start to finish.








gift shop
visit the black pelican online store to purchase gift certificates, black pelican private label clothing, hats, jackets, jewelry, outer banks memorabilia, books and so much more!









hours
open tuesday through sunday 11:30am to 10:00pm
open mondays 4:00pm to 10:00pm

*we seat by walk-ins only and require the entire party to be present for seating.
we look forward to your visit!







follow us

followfollow





milepost 4 on the beach roadphone: (252) 261-3171to go: (252) 261-3171







 







 

 
 
 

























 


