


home - northern virginia chapter of the virginia dressage association






























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








add me to your mailing listshare this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember loginmenuhomeabout us contact us benefits interests awards calendar showsvolunteer volunteer resources opportunitiesresources news document library dressage tests faqssupport donate now join us






welcome to our website
members must login (upper right corner) to gain access to additional information and year ends awards information.


new members are welcomed to join at any time; check out our benefits under about us. visit our faqs page under resources if you have questions.
education
 
whether it's the annual judges round table, a clinic that gives us dressage university credit, discussions with a sports psychologist, or the articles in piaffe & passage on everything from understanding the half halt to how to choose a bit, education is a central element of what we do.competition
 
vada/nova hosts as many as 6 licensed shows a year and 3 schooling shows. we also partner with other local dressage schooling show series organizers, whose scores count toward vada/nova year end awards.awards & recognition
 
every year we recognize the accomplishments of our competitors, their trainers, and supporters and thank the many volunteers who are the backbone of our organization. we welcome member and non-member volunteers with open arms, training, free food and drinks, volunteer bucks, small gifts at the shows, and the chance to be recognized at the end of the year.website benefits
 
every member has a unique login to our website. if you are a member, use the "member login" link in the upper right corner to unlock additional information and features such as: search our member directory, use your volunteer bucks, get award information, learn more about our shows, and sign up for a vada/nova event.  vada/nova is the northern virginia chapter of the virginia dressage association (vada), a group member organization (gmo) dedicated to dressage under our national membership organization, the u.s. dressage federation (usdf). the usdf is an international discipline association under the u.s. equestrian federation (usef) which serves as the national governing body for equestrian sport.vada/nova holds usef/usdf licensed/recognized shows; schooling shows; both mounted and unmounted clinics as well as other activities focused on the interests of our members.vada/nova is dedicated to education, recognition of achievement, and promotion of dressage in northern virginia.vada/nova is a 501(c) 3 organization.upcoming eventsupcoming vada/nova events recent articlesrecent vada/nova newsupcoming eventsupcoming partner showsupcoming eventsupcoming vada events








home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









