















vintage pinball machines for sale, classic pinball game restoration and 

classic pinball games and more....
























 



















click here for videos of our pinball games



       






el dorado 

		restorations!!!
now accepting




 
 

        

home   |  

      contact   |   

      215.354.0906












welcome to russ snyder's pinball rescue vintage 

			pinball machines for sale.  classic pinball games restored. 
				click here for 
				games currently for sale





			warren buffett bought a pinball machine for $25 in 1946 and started 
			'the best business i was ever in'
 
looking to sell a vintage pinball machine,  we also buy vintage 

			pinball machines.



			pinrescue is proud to be named in philadelphia magazine’s “be



			st of 

			philly 2012” under the fun category pinball machines





 


			congratulations, salutations and hip hip hooray  to anastasia b. 

			snyder “collegiate entrepreneur of the year  in the state of new 

			jersey” . annie won in spite of only  being a freshman at rider u. 

			her ebay business called (what else!) pinball girl  selling recycled 

			vintage pinball parts on line earned 1st place. 

			annie’s business was just started on her 18th birthday 

			and she has had profits that have covered her education costs .  

			seen here receiving her award on may 3rd 2013 

			at the awards dinner at rider university.

pinrescue is the proud 

			supplier of the vintage pinball machines available for play at this 

			years papa 11 pinball tournament in pittsburgh, pa . see

			

			www.papa.org  for tournament details.
"pinrescue congratulates our customer dr. rob 

			loring whose fabulous game room is featured on may 2005 cover of 

			game room magazine".

     

          

russ, stacy and annie snyder are the people behind 1950’s , 60’s & 

          70’s quality vintage pinball machine restorations.


          we are a family business and we only work on the classy 

          electromechanical pinball machines manufactured before 1978. this is 

          our only business and we stand behind our restored pinball machines 

          with the best comprehensive full coverage service plan in the world.


          russ and stacy have been selling and servicing their restored classic 

          pinball mackines in the bucks county /philadelphia pennsylvania region for 

          decades. in 2001 they opened their store in the golden nugget market 

          in lambertville the quaint little antique capital of new jersey. in 

          new jersey we cover hunterdon, mercer and burlington counties.


          all the classic pinball machines in the store are set on free play and 

          everyone is welcome  (more...).


          see what 100’s of very satisfied pinball machine customers 

          have to say about us.





more truck pictures












 











 










 © copyright 2024,  

      pinrescue.com, pinball games, pinball machines         

      site design and hosting by 
greggsmith.com, inc.


























