  home - long island association, inc.                
  please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibilityskip to content   menu aboutwho we arehistory and accomplishmentsboardteamcommitteeslia foundationspecial initiativesmembershipmembership benefitsonline applicationsmall business support programeast end business support programmember portaleventsupcoming eventslia evening of honorslia golf classicpast eventsadvocacypolicy prioritiesresources for businessespublic officials guideeconomic reportsspecial research reportssend a letternewslia in the newsmembers in the newsvideo contentcontact uscontact form   menu aboutwho we arehistory and accomplishmentsboardteamcommitteeslia foundationspecial initiativesmembershipmembership benefitsonline applicationsmall business support programeast end business support programmember portaleventsupcoming eventslia evening of honorslia golf classicpast eventsadvocacypolicy prioritiesresources for businessespublic officials guideeconomic reportsspecial research reportssend a letternewslia in the newsmembers in the newsvideo contentcontact uscontact form what's new is washington march 28, 2025  learn more  long island's future is our businesspolicy updatesjoinmember portallocal small business grantsthe long island association (lia) is the region’s leading non-profit and non-partisan business organization since 1926 and amplifies the voice of the business community. as long island’s chamber of commerce, the lia ensures the region’s economic vitality and provides leadership to guarantee a bright future for long island. mark your calendarnetwork, gain new skills to expand your business, and learn about issues impacting long island.  long island innovation & tech startup gatheringfebruary 25, 2025 6:30 p.m.  register here   what's new in washingtonmarch 28, 2025 8:30 a.m.  learn more  upcoming events  latest newsfind out how we have been advocating for long island’s economy. lia, abli, and libi issue survey to assess real estate investments on long island administered by long island university’s hornstein centerclick here to take the survey november 7, 2024: jake's 58 expansion to provide 'immediate economic jolt': long island associationsource: the patch october 29, 2024: mike pence visits long islandsource: libn february 29, 2024: long island residents moving out of state: what the numbers showsource: newsday our worklong island is a special place to live, work, and play, and we have been working hard for nearly a century to keep our region that way for generations to come. explore more about what we do.   accomplishments    economic development and infrastructure committee    energy and environment committee    financial services and tax policy committee    health, education and not-for-profit committee    manufacturing and trade committee    offshore wind committee    small and mid-sized business committee    young professionals committee  © 2025 long island association, inc.  |  site by growthzone get in touch!    call   (631) 493-3000     address & map   300 broadhollow rd, ste. 110wmelville, ny 11747     email   info@longislandassociation.org  additional resourcesbecome a membercontact us stay connected!    facebook      twitter      instagram      linkedin      youtube   © 2025 long island association, inc..  all rights reserved | site by growthzone scroll to top             


