











luxury limo service in maryland, dc & northern virginia | bayside limousine


























































start your journey here


our services

event & corporate transportation
weddings
maryland
washington dc
northern virginia
stevensville


our fleet

sedans
suvs
mercedes sprinter limousine
limousines
limo party buses
vans & buses
classic cars


tours

wine tours

pennsylvania wine tours
west va tours
virginia wine tours
maryland wine trail


dc tours
holiday lights tours


resources

videos
articles
become a chauffeur


call (800) 439-2225

close


start your journey here
bayside limousine serves maryland, washington dc, & northern virginiaa limousine company that’s centered around youstart your journey herethe bayside fleetbayside limousines offers a wide variety of luxury vehicles to get you to your destination in style.classy sedansluxury suvsstylish limousinescomfortable vans & shuttleslarge party busesmedium party busesspacious motor coachesexecutive sprintersgorgeous classic carsthe bayside differencesimple booking processtransparent pricingcustomizable experiencesexceeding expectations for your transportation one experience at a timebooking the right transportation can be a pain. most companies aren’t interested in helping you navigate to the right solution. at bayside limousine, we don’t take a cookie-cutter approach when it comes to your transportation needs.start your journey herethe trip from here to there mattersbayside brings your transportation vision to life.become part of the bayside familywe’ll be your partner for all of your transportation needs. business travel, wedding, wine tours, ride to the airport, or prom, we’ve got it.get there and back stress-freenothing ruins your event like second-rate transportation. we provide expert advice to help you choose the best solution for your event.enjoy top-notch servicewe take every job seriously. from proms-goers to world leaders, everyone gets top-notch service.start your journey herebayside limousine transportation serviceswedding day transportationdon’t trust your big day to any transportation company. bayside limousines has been providing style and sophistication in the dmv area for nearly a quarter-century!learn more >>corporate limousinesyour transportation experience doesn’t have to be bland. whether you need airport limousine service or a ride to and from a personal event, bayside will provide all of your corporate and personnel shuttle needs.learn more >>party busesmake memories that last a lifetime with a bayside limousines party bus or limousine coach.we offer a party on wheels. you have the best of both worlds: room for larger parties and a limousine style interior for a luxury feel and experience. learn more >>tourshow many times have you been on a tour only to be bored, cramped, and miserable? that’s not the case with a bayside limousine tour. whether it’s a wine tour through beautiful countryside, taking in holiday lights, or experiencing dc history, we’ve got you covered in style. dc tours >>winery tours >>holiday light tours >>a half-million successful trips & counting.we’ve been showing up on time with beautiful vehicles and awesome chauffeurs for 30 straight years!start your journey hereclient wordswe had a wonderful experience with bayside! we booked the week before our wedding and spoke with jonce. he got us a limo for our event at a great price compared to other companies! our driver cornell was awesome! the ride was smooth, he was very professional and friendly. i’m definitely recommending bayside to anyone i know that would need their services!– juliawonderful limo and staff. we will definitely use bayside limousine for all future services. thank you bayside limousine for making our daughter’s birthday one she will always remember. you guys rock!!!– michellebayside limousines was great to work with.  they confirmed ahead of time, arrived early, and were extremely friendly and professional.  we used them for a wedding and would definitely use them again.– tim & lisathe bayside limousine simple reservation processcall 410-451-0000 to get started. 1.provide us with your event detailsdon’t trust your big day to any transportation company. bayside limousines has been providing style and sophistication in the dmv area for nearly a quarter-century!2.our experts will listen and recommend a custom plan for youwe’ll bring your ideas to life by meeting your specific needs. we’ll even offer suggestions to save money or improve your experience.3.enjoy the experiencefrom booking to drop-off, we’ll supersize your experience and exceed expectations.start your journey herehalf the fun is getting there!you’re excited about your event or trip. maybe it’s a wedding, a trek into maryland wine country, or catching a flight to paradise.now, you want a way to get there and back in style. after all, the trip from here to there matters! you need a guide to map out the transportation solution that best fits your event. bust most companies have an overwhelming amount of options or worse, no options at all.we believe booking transportation for your event should be easy. other companies scream about themselves without listening to what you want–a clear path to an enjoyable, memorable experience. after 30 years in the business, we’ve learned to listen. our customers enjoy the journey as much as the destination!here’s the bayside limo simple reservation process: 1. provide us with the details of the event2. we’ll create a quote and experience just for you3. enjoy the journey and become part of the bayside familyready to go? start your booking now.quit dealing with crummy transportation companies. after your bayside limo experience, you’ll know it was worth every penny. – jonce gibson, owner and ceosales@baysidelimo.comtoll free (800) 439-2225(410) 451-0000 or (301) 352-0000visit our facebookvisit our instagramvisit our linkedinabout us
references
contact
become a chauffeur
privacy policy
© 2025 bayside limousine • all rights reserved • designed and developed by morether creative agency, temple, tx 
crossmenuchevron-down




linkedin





facebook



pinterest



youtube



rss



twitter



instagram





facebook-blank



rss-blank



linkedin-blank



pinterest



youtube



twitter



instagram














