
homeplease ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility







email





phone























home
 
property search 
search the mls
 
featured listings
 
residential listings
 
land listings
 
commercial listings

 
buyers 
mortgage calculator
 
financing
 
relocation
 
home inspections
 
first time buyers
 
real estate terms

 
sellers 
staging your home
 
your home value

 
about us
 
contact
















 












we bring buyers and sellers together











featured listings













wilson realtyproperty listings in fort payne, de kalb and more...

we can sell you any property for sale in our area, regardless of who the listing agent is. use this website to search all listed homes and properties for sale in the northeast, al area. if you're looking for real estate, homes or property in the northeast, al area, we can help you choose the right home or property for your needs and will guide you toward making an informed real estate decision in the market.we pride ourselves in being able to give all our clients important local information based on years of living and enjoying all the northeast, al area has to offer.


if you are a seller, we can help price and put your home or property on the market for sale. if you'd like to find out the value of your northeast, al home or property, go to our "your home value" page and submit a cma request. we will research the value of your home or property for you. this is a free service provided by wilson realty.this site is designed to help you make the important decisions needed to purchase or sell real estate, homes, or property. bookmark it for future reference and feel free to call or e-mail us for all of your real estate needs. the only thing better than visiting northeast, al, is living here!








contact us today
we get your listings in front of quality buyers. we are here to help you every step of the way!


set one now





 mortgage calculator
be surprised how much you can afford! find your monthly home mortgage payment on our calculator.


 your home value
find out how much your home can sell for in today's market and how it compares to other listings in the area.


 get started today
choosing your real estate professional is one of the most important decisions you will make when buying property.
 








contact us
(256) 845-1530
randy@wilsonrealty1.com


visit us
213 grand avenue sw,
fort payne, al 35967






                copyright 2023 ©
                
                    cevado™ 
                
                 | all rights reserved | 
                
                    legal notices
                
                 | 
                





