







	focal tech inc | managed it services | it consulting | cloud services in state college































|











info@focaltechinc.com|+1 814 272-0391



























facebook
 like us & share

linkedin
 connect & network




























home


it services



business networks



endpoint protection


gateway protection


web content filtering





call recording


managed services



block of time it service contracts


cloud backup


cloud based monitoring


managed workstations





storage & virtualization


voip phone systems





software services



e-commerce


hosting


websites & applications





about us


contact us










 






 

























 

x

homeit servicesbusiness networksendpoint protectiongateway protectionweb content filteringcall recordingmanaged servicesblock of time it service contractscloud backupcloud based monitoringmanaged workstationsstorage & virtualizationvoip phone systemssoftware servicese-commercehostingwebsites & applicationsabout uscontact us









 



 


 
|
 















             workstations, servers, ups, routers, switches, and applications.     if it is connected, we can manage it!     focal tech . . . focusing on your technology.     contact us      



















welcome to focal tech!














focal tech is your single point of contact for it business consulting and computer services, hardware, website & application design, proactive monitoring, both on- and off-site technical support, and complete life cycle management.







it services
it support services are more than just who you call when you're faced with the dreaded “blue screen...”
read more >






software services
we will consult with you about new technologies that will help get your website/application to the next level.
read more >






about us
our commitment to quality, value and customer service provides the right mix for a successful project and satisfied customer.
read more >
























don’t have a monthly it service need?
you can contract for a certain number of hours, to use whenever you need them.
call us today at +1 814 272-0391 to learn how focal tech can make technology work for your company.
contact us



































































































































































































































here's what our customers say...






bob hocutt chief information officer - glenn o. hawbaker, inc."we always have more projects than people and many with short time frames. purchasing blocks of time from focal tech gives me the ability to supplement my staff with the flexibility to get what we need, when we need it and where we need it. having that type of flexibility makes a real difference for goh and allows us to focus on other things we need to accomplish. we have been using focal tech for several years on everything from active directory to zebra printers.

 make the call – you’ll be glad you did. "





patti paterson phillip d. paterson jr, llc"we are so pleased that we chose focal tech for all of our computer hardware and software services.  whenever we have a problem with our computers, all it takes is a phone call, and they can remotely get into our server or individual work stations and take care of the issue.  even though they are in state college and we are in huntingdon, the charges for travel time are very reasonable.  also, if you need to purchase new equipment, they will make recommendations for equipment that is compatible with whatever your individual needs might be.  all of our staff appreciates the ease of calling focal tech for whatever computer problem we may be experiencing, as there is very little “wait” time to be up and running smoothly once again."





dave frederick owner - ark financial services llc"a year ago when we were looking for it services, focal tech was our top choice. the staff has provided us with nothing but prompt and professional service. they have also been of help with computer purchases and hardware along with it services.

 when problems have arisen, they have gone out of their way to help get our business back up and running efficiently! "





erin crown oasis lifecare, llc"as a new business, we had a lot of questions. focal tech, inc. was there to guide us every step of the way. they helped us determine our needs and how to meet them in the most cost effective way, and when we weren't sure about things, or needed some guidance with phones, email, or remote access to our server, technical support was right there to answer our questions and walk us through every situation. service has always been prompt and friendly!

 this experience has allowed us to feel confident in our technology so that we can focus on growing the business and meeting the needs of our consumers!"





garry brannon vice president - tmp manufacturing company, inc."we have been with focal tech for over a year and are very pleased with their professional work ethics. they have been prompt, courteous and reliable when a problem arises. thanks to their knowledge of current technology focal tech has saved us a lot of time and money in updating our network. our company will be staying with focal tech for all its it needs."





jan somers centre concrete"centre concrete’s experience with focal tech has been remarkable. we have found focal tech to be very service oriented and responsive. they have the knowledge, vision and capability to incorporate today’s repairs with tomorrow’s it plan – therefore, money and resources are not wasted. the service we receive is timely and efficient and delivered by calm and capable technicians. solutions are offered taking into consideration need, technology and budget. focal tech has become an important and valued part of the technology arm of our business."





nathan w. karn, sr. partner - evey black attorneys llc"we made the switch to focaltech about 2 years ago, and we could not be more satisfied. in a time where service providers are big on promises and short on fulfilling them, focaltech not only meets but exceeds expectations. whether it is fixing a current it issue or assisting with selecting and implementing new systems, we get prompt, efficient and quality service on a consistent basis, which results in less time being spent on it issues on my part and less dollars out our door for it expense."





susanna miller controller - reichdrill, inc."switching to focal tech has allowed us to work more efficiently and with the confidence that we have prompt and reliable it support when it is needed. they work quickly and professionally and with minimal disruption to our work place. focal tech has not only reduced our computer worries they have improved our it department – and done so in a very cost effective manner. we highly recommend them."





laurance b. seaman, esq. partner - gates & seaman, llp"focal tech came through in a real pinch. due to a lightning strike, our network server was knocked out and it appeared we had lost all of our data – files, emails, tasks, contacts and calendars. the next day, focal tech got us back in partial operation with a loaner server. later, they recovered all of our data and helped us with a complete network replacement. they saved us from what could have been a major catastrophe!"





j. robert veronesi president - veronesi building & remodeling, inc."focal tech inc. has been our it provider since 2003. their professional services have provided us with an outstanding website design. focal tech’s key role is handling all of our network issues, repair and maintenance on all workstations, and installing several upgrades a year for timberline accounting software. their quick and precise response to our issues, whether it be accounting software upgrades or technical problems, has proven to be a great asset to our business."





michael czap director of information technology - j. j. powell, inc."focal tech has been a business partner of j. j. powell, inc. for 10 years. with expertise in network administration, website development, and microsoft server support, their consulting services have been a valuable part of our success.

 we would highly recommend them to any business needing responsive, reliable it services and support."







our technology partners








































































about us







since 2001, focal tech has been the premium provider of computer it, website, and e-business services in central pennsylvania.
focal tech . . . focusing on your technology.
 read more
info@focaltechinc.com 













social media









 facebook
like us & share




 google+
follow & stay tuned




 linkedin
connect & network















friendly tags






phone system voip network backup work station firewall protection cloud wireless router hosting website









































































©2025 focal tech inc
|
privacy statement
|
terms of use





















