












home - the daisy consortium




























































skip to main navigationskip to main contentskip to footer





the daisy consortium
creating the best ways to read and publish


checkoutmy account

menu


search for:

search


news & events
technologies, projects and services
information & help
about us
skip to menu toggle button 







home








home

  search for:    
















 
shaping the technology of tomorrowat daisy we work closely with technology companies and standards agencies to ensure that the reading and publishing technology of tomorrow provide an accessible future for all.
 


 
our storythe daisy consortium has a rich history which started with audio and now positively impacts specialist and mainstream reading around the world.
read the story of daisy 


 
global reachdaisy is an international non-profit membership organization working with over 150 partners all around the world to improve access to reading for people with print disabilities
join us... 


 
the voice of experiencedaisy has been leading standards and good practice in accessible digital publications for over 20 years - drawing on the expertise of our members with collective experience of over 1,500 years!
find out more about us.. 































welcome






you've found the daisy consortium website, the home of tools, standards, advice and best practices for publishing and reading to ensure accessibility for people with print disabilities in both specialist and mainstream formats.
we have lots to share, so do please explore, but the news, and latest updates and quick links below are a great place to start.



















articles








 

 




accessibility metadata, t-157 (w)




in our series of free weekly webinars january 22nd saw a session focused on accessibility metadata, a topic that everyone in the publishing industry will agree is essential, particularly as we…
continue reading…

continue reading “accessibility metadata, t-157 (w)”…





 

 




ai use by daisy members 2024 survey results




at daisy we closely follow the latest developments in ai, working with companies to test and provide feedback on some of those initiatives. to help inform our work a few…
continue reading…

continue reading “ai use by daisy members 2024 survey results”…





 

 




accessibility in practice, t-206 (w)




in our series of free weekly webinars november 27th saw a session focused on accessibility in practice, which coincided with the european day for people with disabilities. understanding how people read…
continue reading…

continue reading “accessibility in practice, t-206 (w)”…
















news












icevi organizational award conferred on daisy consortium



						december 9, 2024					




daisy consortium was honoured to receive the organizational award at the icevi world conference 2024. the award citation acknowledges daisy…
continue reading…

continue reading “icevi organizational award conferred on daisy consortium”…









congratulations to abc excellence awards winners 2024



						december 5, 2024					




many congratulations to the winners of the accessible books consortium international excellence awards for accessible publishing, announced last night at the international…
continue reading…

continue reading “congratulations to abc excellence awards winners 2024”…









daisy in brazil – november 2024



						december 3, 2024					




the daisy consortium just held their board meetings in são paulo, brazil, hosted by daisy member fundação dorina nowill para…
continue reading…

continue reading “daisy in brazil – november 2024”…


















upcoming events







countdown to eaa webinar series: the essentials in your toolbox, t-122date: february 26, 2025online via zoom40th annual csun conference 2025march 10, 2025 - march 14, 2025anaheim, californiacsun assistive technology conference 2025march 10, 2025 - march 14, 2025anaheim, california, usacountdown to eaa webinar series: accessible math and science in digital publications, t-94date: march 26, 2025online via zoomicevi european conference 2025may 15, 2025 - may 17, 2025padova, italyfull list of events










training







trainer led sessions

accessible powerpoint
creating accessible documents

daisy self-study learning courses

accessible publishing concepts
creating accessible digital audio books
accessible word documents
accessible powerpoint presentations
making inaccessible text accessible
accessible epub with wordtoepub
marrakesh treaty advocacy course



















quicklinks






inclusivepublishing.org - the source for news, events and advice on creating single publications everyone can use.
standards - details on epub, the daisy format and our various specifications.
tools - read about our software developments, including ace, obi, tobi, pipeline and wordtoepub.
network partners - learn more about our global network for communication and collaboration.














newsletter






subscribe to the daisy newsletter for regular updates on accessibility news and events, as well as practical advice and reports from around the world.

first name* last name* email address*

captcha
 





















skip back to main navigation









			© 2025 the daisy consortium | terms and conditions | privacy policy |back to top ↑ 







































