
america remembers 9/11/2001 at the flag pole - patriotic images.






































 read 
        this


 patriotic 
        images


 song for 
        america


 essential 
        links


 you can help


 what 
        price victory


 tell 
        the children


 add 
        comments



 read comments


 old 
        glory





















  

    be sure to see



    our collection of
    patriotic images
     
     


a tribute to the innocent victims and the heroes of 9/11

september 11, 2001 is a day that will 
      be remembered around the world; the day we witnessed the slaughter of 
      thousands of innocent american civilians.  we watched horrified as 
      live television showed hundreds of fireman and police officers give their 
      lives trying to save others.  we stared 
      dumfounded at our tvs as appalling 
  scenes of airplanes used as missiles destroyed the twin towers of the world 
      trade center in new york, slammed into the pentagon in washington dc, and 
      crashed into a field in pennsylvania. america was being attacked by a 
      unknown enemy.  all we could do was watch... 
      as americans, all of us shared in the sorrow of this hideous massacre of 
      innocent people.  in one way or another, this tragedy affected all 
      civilized people from every country.  
    	
       
      five years after the fact, america is still engaged in this struggle 
		against terrorism. some have said that this "war on terror" will 
		continue for decades as two very different civilizations clash and 
		compete for dominance.  war is no longer something that happens on 
		foreign soil; it is now being fought on main street, usa.  god help 
		us all.
       

we remember!
the flagpole

this site is a tribute to the victims and the 
      heroes who were killed on that fateful september morning.  this 
      project evolved as my way of doing something extra to help.  after i 
      sent money to the red cross and other support groups, i still yearned to 
      do something more, and unfortunately i was too old to re-enlist in the 
      military.  
       my father 
		was a world war ii combat veteran and like him, as a young man i was 
		called to serve my country and spent one tour in vietnam.  i have 
		always been a flag-waving patriotic american.  i work in the 
		internet business today and have some proficiency in web design, so i 
		created this site to honor those who are no longer with us.




new: the
		poems of tom zart, one of the most 
		published poets on the internet.  tom is known as the westport poet 
		author of love war and more 225poems publish by publish america.
 


support america through american businesses... buy only us flags made 
      in the usa! flags available in multiple dimensions and materials and 
      exceed u.s. government specifications. 

      			buy an american flag!








see 
	"the 9/11 patriot"... 

viewpoint of an average american girl. read about 
		this 92-page, full-color photo tribute and short story about the year 
		following september 11, 2001 in the washington, d.c. area will strike a 
		chord. more... 


     







 
	   

no debate

in my humble opinion, america is the greatest 
      country in the history of the world.  no, we are not flawless and 
      yes, we have committed some self-serving acts in our short history that we 
      are not proud of today.  but, this is not the forum to 
      debate the sins of the republic.  i have absolutely no interest in discussing 
      the supposed failings of our forefathers or apologizing for every political 
      blunder or misstep some american may have done to another resident of 
      planet earth.  
       if you 
      disagree with me - that is one of the best parts of america... you're 
      allowed to do so.  if you really disagree with me and want to make 
      your feelings known... get your own website and tell your story. 
       the 
      september 11th. attack on america is not justifiable using any real or 
      imagined political dispute, religious belief or misguided reasoning. it 
      was a repugnant and cowardly act of terrorism against innocuous civilians.  
      end of debate.
what's inside

on these pages you will 
      find hundreds of 
      graphics, images, poems and articles submitted to us from people all 
      over the world.  new images are added on a regular basis and the last 
      entry was
      march 07, 2010. whenever possible, we have added the contact 
      information of the person making the submission.  we do not own these 
      images, nor do we authorize or license the use of these images.  if 
      you want to use an image for any purpose, we strongly encourage you to 
      obtain permission of its owner/creator.  if no contact information is 
      listed, it means that we do not know how to contact that person, so please 
      do not ask us for permission to use any image. 
      links 
      to everything you ever wanted to know about 
      america's star spangled banner. the history, us flag code, flag day, 
      books and videos, and pointers to the best clipart and patriotic images 
      available. if you have royalty-free images that you 
      would like to make available to other patriots and american supporters, 
      please

        send us your images.

to kill 
        an american - how will they know when they've found one?



        flagpoles for sale - buy american made products

what is the motivation behind the flagpole

remember 
        the 343 fdny firefighters lost at the wtc

senator john mccain's 

        speech at u.s. naval academy 

        10/9/01

a letter home from 

        an ensign on the uss winston churchill

a song for america from 

        our canadian friends.

everything you ever wanted to 

        know about "old glory". 
        

the story behind the
        bugler's "taps"

what do we

        tell the children 

        about this tragedy?

patriotic images to

        use in your web site.

books and videos dealing 

        with these topics of today.

what you can do to

        help during this time of 

        need.

demonstrate your 

        support

add your

        comments about this site.

see what others have

        said about theflagpole.


i am the flag 
        of the united states of america


new - on the morning of sept 11 2001 a patriot and former marine 
        named david wrote a song, which he later recorded.  in dec. of 2001 
        he road his horse from wisconsin to the white house giving out copies of 
        the song in hopes the words might help some people in some small way. 
        more...


 









want to help?

we don't ask for money, all we request is 
      that you remember those who are no longer with us; the innocent victims of 
      terror and our brave police and firemen who lost their lives trying to 
      save others. 
 
here's a way you can help our fighting 
      men and women who are serving our country.  support them by sending a 
      "care package".  visit any soldier and 
      see how you can help.

thank you and god bless you
 

		this website is recommended by
		abacus construction index.

 didn't 
    find it here....






















this site is 
    presented to the people, by the people and for the people of the united 
    states of america.
      if you have suggestions or comments, please email 

      .  
    content rating

© copyright 2010  all 
    rights reserved.
     



     

     




