










home - torrington telegram





































      saturday, february 15, 2025    





 log in
              



                search              



                e-edition              



                subscribe              









 




            15 °
          

            light snow          

            forecast
          




 














advanced search










toggle navigation




main menu






home



                    community                  


                    sports                  


                    obituaries                  


                    opinion                  


                    e-edition                  



                    web extras 



                          agriculture                        


                          automotive                        


                          books                        


                          business                        


                          education & careers                        


                          entertainment                        


                          food                        


                          gardening                        


                          green living                        


                          health                        


                          home improvement                        


                          kids & family                        


                          lifestyle                        


                          money matters                        


                          outdoors                        


                          pets                        


                          real estate                        


                          seniors                        


                          spanish                        


                          tech                        


                          travel                        


                          trivia, history & games                        





                    send us your news! 



                          anniversary announcement                        


                          birth announcement                        


                          birthday announcement                        


                          engagement announcement                        


                          obituary announcement                        


                          wedding announcement                        


                          letters to the editor                        


                          report news                        


                          change of address                        


                          delivery issues                        


                          vacation stop                        




                    subscribe                  














top stories










							district student body reps take office						


						torrington – on tuesday, february 11, the goshen county school board held their first meeting of the month. as part of the board's desire to connect with each school in the district, the  …					



















						funds collected for local family					


					torrington – a gofundme account has been established to benefit a local man, david husted, who is currently facing medical complications which have changed his life entirely, friends  …				








						ewc draws short straw					


					torrington – the eastern wyoming college (ewc) board of trustees met on tuesday, february 12, for a work session followed by the regular monthly board meeting. present at the meeting were board  …				








						local youth heads to national competition					


					goshen county – spunky, little, elena la rue has hit it big, for a nine-year-old. this spring, la rue and her cheerleading squad will head to florida to compete in the 2025 prep and rec grand  …				





			more local news			








e-edition




 




torrington telegram - friday, february 14, 2025


view this issue



													browse other issues
											




















						sports					










 

lfl/se squares off at sewac quad

both the lfl/se boys and girls teams found success at the sewac quad on tuesday.




			read more			










 stokes signs for hoops at chadron state
 

						torrington senior teryn stokes committed to continuing her basketball career at chadron state.					
read more.








 ewc to honor region ix golf championship
 

						the ewc men's golf team will be recognized during halftime during the lady lancers and lancers basketball games on saturday.					
read more.








 ewc to host first pink out hoops event
 

						the eastern wyoming college lancers and lady lancers host the first pink out basketball event on saturday.					
read more.








 blazers battle bridgeport
 

						the torrington blazers battled bridgeport through three neck-and-neck quarters before coming up short in the fourth.					
read more.




			more sports			


 





lady blazers fall in cliffhanger to bridgeport




						the torrington lady blazers controlled the scoreboard against bridgeport for the first three quarters before falling behind in the fouth.					


cyclones go undefeated




						the southeast cyclones posted an undefeated weekend at home and away.					


lady cyclones trounce guernsey




						the southeast lady cyclones scored a decisive conference win against guernsey on saturday.					


lfl/se captures fifth at southeast duals




						the lfl/se boys wrestling team advanced to fifth place on the leaderboard at the southeast duals.					


lady lancers fall to nw, cwc




						the ewc lady lancers fell in two conference road games over the weekend.					
















 

 







 









						obituaries					
















jason paul reinicke

							torrington – jason paul reinicke, 45, of rapid city, south dakota, passed away on february 9, 2025. funeral mass of cristian burial and rosary will be celebrated at 9:15 a.m. monday,  …						






jacob lee hickman

							torrington – graveside services for jacob lee hickman, 30, will be held 1 p.m. friday, february 14, 2025, at the valley view cemetery with steve halfhill officiating. jacob passed away  …						






stephen sam harold

							torrington – stephen sam harold, born on december 20, 1950, passed away on january 20, 2025. he was the son of andrew and mary harold who proceeded him in death. he had three brothers: larry,  …						






			more obituaries			


 




colyer funeral home

 










community



						ewc hosting lancer look					


					torrington – eastern wyoming college will host “lancer look-an ewc visit day” on february 28 from 10 a.m. - 1:30 p.m. on the torrington campus at 3200 west c street. 

 the event  …				





						community calendar					


					february 

 hartville – shapps - patten creek history & updates by blake v griffin, wyoming military dept – wyarng – cfmo senior archeologist, guernsey, wy.   february  …				








						local puts a spin on classic fairytales					


					torrington – many people have read the old classic fairytale of snow white. the german classic was first written in the 19th century and published by the brothers grimm in 1812. ideally, the  …				





						local favorite gun bingo slatted march 1					


					goshen county – according to a recent announcement, a popular goshen county springtime event, haven on the rock’s gun bingo, will be saturday, march 1 at the goshen county fair grounds  …				









records

court fines for feb. 1-feb. 7

						february 1 

 benjamin gilmore, morgantown, kentucky, vehicle exceed 70 mph on primary/secondary highway (6+ mph over), $160. 

 february 2 

 arturo t. garcia, ruskin, florida, vehicle exceed  …					


emergency services log

						dec. 26 – 27 

 18:10 – suspicious person – occurred on e 17th ave. individual in a wheelchair in the middle of the parking lot rp has never seen individual in the area before and  …					















sponsored content

28th avenue dance studio nail it




							28th avenue dance studio nail it						

 



















						wyoming news					









trump taps former wyoming game and fish chief to lead u.s. fish and wildlife service




						washington, d.c. – brian nesvik, a former pinedale game warden turned wyoming game and fish department director, has been nominated by the trump administration to lead the agency that manages  …					


wyomingite brings hardworking dads to light with new book




						  it’s often been told; the wyoming way of life is like no other. wyomingites are full of grit and determination. most of them work long hours and most of them do whatever it takes to keep  …					

 













hit and run bill heading to committee

						cheyenne – this week, the judiciary committee will likely hear house bill 111. house bill 111 is a proposed amendment to wyoming’s hit and run state statue which was drafted in  …					


bill to improve missing persons protocol in wyoming

						cheyenne – currently, wyoming is one of six states which does not have a specific protocol for law enforcement to follow when a person goes missing. however, on thursday, a bill passed to  …					

 







						special sections					









torrington telegram - friday, december 13, 2024







torrington telegram - wednesday, october 30, 2024






 





torrington telegram - ewc_rodeo_2024







torrington telegram - wednesday, august 28, 2024






 





torrington telegram - wednesday, august 28, 2024







torrington telegram - wednesday, august 28, 2024






 








opinion






old codger's corner
are you ready for what’s coming? i mean, really? how old are you? how many miles do you have left in gas tank, the engine. can you go another 10k 50k? are you still bullet proof?   

  …



representative jd williams legislative update
regarding the supplemental budget which we worked on this past week. the governor makes a recommendation to the legislature and the joint appropriation committee (jac), who is made up of  …





			read more opinion coverage			







 















find us on facebook

facebook






 








local news






tpd investigates hit and run
torrington – according to a recent facebook post, the torrington police department is currently investigating a hit and run which occurred this weekend on main street.   

  …








lincoln first graders hop to the stage
torrington – the lincoln elementary school first graders delighted friends and family thursday evening at the torrington high school auditorium with bunnies: a hopping new musical.   

  …










ewc announces fall honor roll




						eastern oming college named 122 students on the college’s fall 2023 president’s honor roll and the dean’s list. the president’s honor roll recognizes full time students (12 or more credit hours) who achieved a 4.0 grade point average. to qualify for the dean’s honor roll, students must be full time and achieve a grade point average of 3.5, but less than 4.0.					

 






 

chugwater native publishes book nationally

wheatland –  on saturday, 2008 wheatland high school graduate charles macduff “charlie” westerman will be at the wanderer on gilchrist for a sample reading of his new book,  …

blm’s wheatland corral improves rating in latest animal welfare program review

wheatland – the bureau of land management comprehensive animal welfare program (cawp) team recently released its latest evaluation of the blm high plains district’s wheatland off-range  …

lingle fire to host haunted house

lingle – wednesday evening, lingle town council held their second bi-monthly meeting for october. the council began their meeting with the pledge of allegiance, followed by approval of the  …

lingle council pays attention to trees

lingle – the lingle town council met at the community center at 6 p.m. wednesday for the mandatory discussion of weekly agenda items. 

 present at the meeting was mayor micah foster along  …



			read more local news			


 







						web extras					
















ai chatbots are becoming romance scammers — and 1 in 3 people admit they could fall for one

							(bpt) - by mcafeeit started with a dm.for five months, 25-year-old computer programmer maggie k. exchanged daily messages with the man she met on instagram, convinced she had found something  …						









10 can't-miss places to visit in the winter

							are you looking for trip ideas to embrace the cold weather months? copilot compiled 10 drivable u.s. locations that are ideal for winter visits.						









noaa’s vast public weather data powers the local forecasts on your phone and tv – a private company alone couldn’t match it

							noaa operates fleets of satellites, sensors on airplanes and ocean-going buoys, as well as radar, providing the data used by weather forecasters nationwide – and freely available to anyone.						









what are the most distinctive baby names by state?

							spokeo used data from the social security administration to find the most unique baby names in every state across the country as of 2023.						









the best spring break destinations for both kids and their parents

							(bpt) - spring break takes on a whole new meaning when you become a parent. but that doesn't mean adults have to sacrifice all the fun for their kids.kalahari resorts & conventions, home to  …						




 







						public notices					













public notice no. 9245

							public notice

city of torrington )
county of goshen )
state of wyoming )

the torrington city council met in regular session on tuesday, february 4, 2025 in the city council chambers at 436 east 22nd ave. at 5:30 p.m.						






public notice no. 9244

							public notice

warrants approved for payment at the regular meeting of the board of trustees, goshen county school. district no. 1, state of wyoming, held january 14, 2025 and published in accordance with section 26 (b), wyoming. code 1969						






public notice no. 9241

							public notice

foreclosure sale notice

default due to all named mortgagors are now deceased has occurred under the terms of a promissory note (the "note") dated april 1, 2013, executed and delivered by richard w. swanson, a married man, and delia swanson, a non borrowing spouse (“mortgagors”) to cherry creek mortgage co., inc						






public notice no. 9243

							public notice

the wyoming public service commission (commission) approved the application of black hills wyoming gas, llc d/b/a black hills energy (bhwg) for authority to decrease the revenue adjustment mechanism (ram) rate credit by $0.0011 per therm, effective january 1, 2025						






public notice no. 9242

							public notice

wyoming department of transportation cheyenne, wyoming
notice of acceptance of and final settlement for highway work						






			more legal notices			


 









 

 












 









 

 














                  2025 main st. torrington wy
                          phone: 307-532-2184





links of interest


              contact us            


              terms of service            




get social


 



 



 











          © copyright 2025 torrington telegram        

powered by creative circle media solutions







 


