




pinkcocoa tabetai






















	pinkcocoa tabetai
	



tuesday, may 30, 2006




	 
	 \\(^(oo)^) //...i like pigs...
	 
       


the old humble computer of mine has once again broken down. have all my pics in there so fingers crossed i get it fixed soon or perhaps it's time for a new computer.anyhow, back to the topic, i had the most memorable trip of my life 2 months back. nope, it's none of those luxurious tour where i get to indulge in exotic & exciting culinary. it was merely an overnight trip. so where exactly did pinkcocoa go that made her so excited & squealing like a little kids?oh, and by the way, this is not exactly a food-related article. i just wanted to share my excitement, that's all :-ppinkcocoa had her first ever cute animal farm visit at swan valley cuddly animal farm where she stayed at the farm's b&b - the vale bed & breakfast.there on the farm, she got to feed the animals (okay, this might not sound fun to many of you but its's fun for me. i felt like a 6 y.o again) and among those cute little animals was a special little one called kenny, a cute little piglet living among the rabbits!i was at the pen and decided to imitate the cute farmer's wife from babe. *blush* (now you know my dark little secret) so i called out "pig~~pig pig pig pig~~" just for fun and my oh my, the piglet actually reacted to my call and came to me! how clever is that little piglet?ever since i've been back from the trip, i have been wanting to get a mini pet pig. so perhaps this means no more pork for us? no more bacon and no more ham...?i will have to update the pics later, soon as my computer is fixed.♥ swan valley cuddly animal farmjonlin park128 john streethenley brook wa 6055call farmer lin @ 0424209730or email:  info@cuddlyanimalfarm.com♥ the vale bed & breakfastjonlin park128 john streethenley brook 6055western australiaph: 61 (08) 9296 2900fax: 61 (08) 9296 2988
continue reading \\(^(oo)^) //...i like pigs...

 


        ♥ pinkcocoa tabete @ tuesday, may 30, 2006
 |      
          












monday, february 06, 2006




	 
	 pinkcocoa m.i.a *yikes*
	 
       


oh dear, time does fly. i can't believe it's been more than half a year since my last post! yup, pinkcocoa's been having a bit of a hiccups lately re: foodie fun. just sort of got sick of it all of a sudden. perhaps the weight gain after the commencement of full-time job is the culprit to blame. >.<""during this down-in-the-valley time , i would have to say a big thank you to everyone who enquire about my absence and for those who wrote just to me that they enjoyed my blog. i am so overwhelmed *sob* i can't say i will be back to the blogosphere but i will try my best ;-) so hmm, i hope i have something to write soon.......*fingers crossed*
continue reading pinkcocoa m.i.a *yikes*

 


        ♥ pinkcocoa tabete @ monday, february 06, 2006
 |      
          












wednesday, october 05, 2005




	 
	 computer break
	 
       


hi guys, sorry for the lack of posts these past few weeks. my dear old computer has once again showed his age and experienced a slight stroke. it is now safe in hospital but would take quite a while before he gets back to all well and healthy state.fingers crossed he will get well soon. he has got all my yummilicious food photos with him!! :-d
continue reading computer break

 


        ♥ pinkcocoa tabete @ wednesday, october 05, 2005
 |      
          












monday, september 12, 2005




	 
	 macchiato cafe
	 
       


♥ garlic pizza breadour very dear kendo maniac aka the crazy guy gave us a huge surprise when he really put his words into action - "pink, i might go back to sydney next month." no, i didn't believe him at all for he is one who likes to joke with me. but it seemed like i should have believed him at least this once because he was really back!it was a thursday night and everyone was rather tired after work so we decided to head down to macchiato cafe in the city - convenient enough for everyone to get to and to head home. ♥ tabeshimashita @ macchiato cafe on 1 sep 2005♥ smoked salmon entreesitting at a slightly more private corner of the cafe, we could not stop talking and talking and talking that we had to wave away the waiter many times. and it was probably for the 4th or 5th time that we really decided on what to order.ken: let's order 2 entree, 2 mains and 2 pizza, seeing there are 7 of us.iver: no no no no. everyone got to have a main!ken: we order and see first lar.it turned out iver was right. we didn't have enough to eat so we ordered the extra garlic pizza bread, a bowl of chips and a third pizza.so to start, we had smoked salmon. it cost around a$15 i think or a little more. i couldn't remember the price exactly but what i do remember is that macchiato cafe is quite pricey, at least to my standard it is.♥ lemon pepper chickenfor the carnivorous, we had entree sized lemon pepper chicken. i quite enjoyed the peppery lemony sauce.♥ french fries a$5.50everyone was actually quite hungry well before we placed our orders so it was a good idea that we ordered a huge bowl of chips which came with a small jug of ketchup.♥ seafood platter for one a$29.90there was half a balmain bug (mostly shell, not much meat - according to iver, who was feeling rather guilty about taking the biggest portion of the platter for himself but soon found out there was really only one small bite of meat inside) sitting right on top of the platter, around 3-4 prawns, one slice of fish, calamari and squid.we didn't think the squid was hygienic enough. the two only person who had the squid - shinchan had stomachache after dinner, and this other friend developed skin allergy on her face. the rest of us were safe because we didn't touch the squid.beside the seafood platter, we also had a prawn linguini to share across the table. no photo here though. it wasn't a really good idea to share linguini, especially seeing all the forks picking from the dish!♥ supreme pizzawe heard the pizza was good here so we ordered a few. first up, iver ordered a supreme pizza without pineapple. *yay* i finally found someone who doesn't like pineapple on pizza like me!♥ shanghai pizzathe most interesting pizza on the menu was probably shanghai pizza - pekingese duck with oyster mushroom.now two cute stories about oyster mushroom:story 1iver: what's oyster mushroom?pinkcocoa: it's a type of mushroom...er...japanese probably..iver: but i have never seen it in japan! it's not japanese (iver studies in japan)pinkcocoa: er...*sweat drops*...well it's a type of oriental mushroom...iver: ok!story 2zelda: pinkcocoa, did you tasted the oyster in the pizza? i didnt see any.pinkcocoa: er, i dont think there is any. it is oyster mushroom and not oyster...zelda: oh oops. hahahaha♥ bombay pizzawe ordered bombay pizza half way through our meal because there wasn't enough for the 7 of us! the bombay pizza had tandoori chicken and served with cucumber raita and a slice of pampadams, beautifully arranged on top.dinner was great - mostly because of the the companions, i would say. i didn't actually notice much of the food because all of us had been talking talking and talking all this while. :-p♥ macchiato cafe338 pitt stsydney nsw 2000tel. +61 2 9262 9525
continue reading macchiato cafe

 


        ♥ pinkcocoa tabete @ monday, september 12, 2005
 |      
          












wednesday, september 07, 2005




	 
	 pinkcocoa's chocolatey birthday
	 
       


♥ pinkcocoa's chocolatey birthdaypinkcocoa has just turned another year older a few weeks ago. you must be wondering what she did on her birthday, in particularly what she ate on her birthday - if there was any fancy restaurant involved, what sort of cake did shinchan get her, any flowers, chocolates? the fact is the ageing monster has started to attack me and old as i am, i actually did not feel like any celebration at all. and i did not even want a cake.so the day ended up with a quick tour to bankstown, food highly involved of course and dear, do i have to thank augustusgloop's bankstown food guide! before heading home, we stopped by sweet fantasy cakes to see if the sighting of a real cake could make me want a birthday cake. and yes, it did and i ended up with a small individual sized teardrop-shaped chocolate mousse cake. ♥ tabeshimashita @ sweet fantasy cake some time in august♥ temptation of chocolate ganache and almond flakesthe moment i saw this small chocolatey cake, i could feel the rich, smooth and shiny chocolate ganache calling and yelling out to me. yup, i gotta have that cake, now or never!i was so in a hurry to cut the cake and eat it that i have forgotten to include an overall view of the rich devilish chocolate cake. *oops* and just to let you know, the pink rose isn't included in the cake. it's one of my cake decorating keepsake. ;-)♥ chocolate mousse sandwiched betweensponge cakesthe rich and very chocolatey mousse is sandwiched between two very thin layers of soft sponge cake, and covered with a rich and creamy chocolate ganache. the cake on the whole is very rich and chocolatey. the ganache, rich and chocolatey. the mousse, rich and chocolatey. it is just so rich and chocolatey - perfect for a girl who loves her cake rich and chocolatey!♥ sweet fantasy cakesshop 1a, 222-224 south terracebankstown, nsw 2200mon-fri 8:00am - 7:00pmsat 8:00am - 8:00pmsun 9:00am - 7:00pmtel: +61 2 9708 6000fax: +61 2 9790 2925
continue reading pinkcocoa's chocolatey birthday

 


        ♥ pinkcocoa tabete @ wednesday, september 07, 2005
 |      
          
















tabetai

tabetai!

tabetai!!

yay!
itadakimasu


tabetai

a japanese term exclaiming i so deadly want to eat that thing


pinkcocoa's food journal:

brunei girl's food-fun adventure in sydney and occasionally from other parts of the world.

about me

name:  pinkcocoa 
location:  australia 
view my complete profile




posts written so far from apr2004
pinkcocoa writes
latest posts

\\(^(oo)^) //...i like pigs...
pinkcocoa m.i.a *yikes*
computer break
macchiato cafe
pinkcocoa's chocolatey birthday
senses restaurant - thai & malaysian cuisine
chocolatey start to a day!
apollo pandan layer cake
childhood comfort food - taiwanese style meatballs
reminder: chinese valentine's tomorrow!

archives by months

april 2004
may 2004
june 2004
july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
february 2006
may 2006

archives by categories
pinkcocoa in the kitchen




 baking bliss
        cakes
       old-fashioned lemon tea cake
        cookies
       chocolate snow balls
       heavenly choc chip cookies
        small cakes
        volcano muffins
       chocolate surprise cupcakes
       donna hay's blueberry muffins
       triple chocolate rum and raisin muffin
       apple cinnamon muffin
        tarts & pies
       egg custard tart
       sweet short crust
       daan tart - a failure!
       nyonya pineapple tart
        others
       breakfast tea loaf
      





 tastes of nostalgia
        bento
       shredded pork in peking sauce bento
       white day bento
        asian - steamboat at home
       satay steamboat
       simple steamboat
        south east asian - savoury
       claypot chicken rice
       asian vegan inspired tofu curry
       si yau gai - soy sauce chicken
       char siew fried rice
       char siew - chinese sweet bbq pork
        taiwanese - savoury
       taiwanese style meatballs
       run bing - taiwanese popiah
       shui jiao - dumplings
       dan bing - savoury egg rolls
       stirfry cai tao kuey - chinese radish cake
       shredded pork in peking sauce
       taiwanese dinner
        sweets & desserts
       nyonya pineapple tart
       party dessert platter
       sweet potato muffin & bailey caramel sauce
       soy milk
       colourful tang yuan - glutinous rice balls
       hk-style mango pudding
       kek batik - brunei batik cake
       nai shu - milk custard spread


        not recipes - sweets & desserts
       apollo pandan layer cake
       penang tau sar pneah
       homemade tiramisu
       candied almond crunchies or crisps
      





 pinkcocoa cooks
        angmoh food
       a very different banger & mash
       poached salmon & green-bean salad
        breakfast
       lemony french toast
       mr. bean breakfast
        drinks & refreshments
       asian style soy milk
       fresh fruits smoothies
        indian
       cumin guinea fowl & raita
        japanese
       creative sushi dinner
       hiyashi soba
       chicken katsudon
       sushi cake
        korean
       cold noodle with kochujang sauce
       tteokbokgi - hot spicy korean rice cake 
        seafood
       seafood feast
        sweets & desserts
       nyonya pineapple tart
       party dessert platter
       microwave creme caramel
      





 special guest blogging
        giff's corner
       hainanese chicken rice
       dakkjim - korean seasoned whole chicken
       chrysanthemum fish in gongbei, china
      



pinkcocoa's food adventure in sydney & oz



 sydney food by cuisines
cafe
       macchiato cafe, sydney
        drinks
       nestle double blend hot choc
       farmers union iced coffee
       cha for tea, chatswood
        fast eats
       burgerman
        ice cream, gelato & drinks
       de luca la cremeria
       gelatomassi
       cool bar, kingsford
        indian/sri lankan
       janani sweets, homebush
       janani, homebush
        italian
       dolcissimo, haberfield
       napoli in bocca, haberfield
       il baretto
        japanese 
       yutaka japanese restaurant
       totoya 
       apple tree pastry
       cha no yu - jap tea ceremony
       suminoya - gourmet
       tetsuya demo
       suminiya - standard
        korean
       sweet savoury korean rice cakes
        lunch/brunch
       dank street depot
        lunch in the city
       springy baguette
       fish meal @ quayside foodcourt
       la renaissance patisserie
       australia square food court
        malaysian/singaporean
       wildeast dreams
        seafood
       a fish called coogee
        sweets & desserts 
       sweet fantasy cakes
       cookie man
       de luca la cremaria
       dolcissimo, haberfield
       chocolate bunnies & eggs
       hot cross buns
       goodies for you banana bread
       apple tree pastry (closed)
       korean rice cakes
       the tea room, qvb
       krispy kreme
       la renaissance patisserie
       cakes @ dj foodhall #2
       cakes at dj foodhall #1
        thai
       in chan thai restaurant
        thai & malaysian
       senses restaurant
        yumcha 
       sydney bloggers yumcha at east ocean
       fook yuen #2
       east ocean restaurant
       fook yuen #1
      





 yummy brunei
       brunei markets
       tamu kianggeh
       chinese birthday celebration
       traditional longevity goodies
       tea and thanksgiving ceremony
        royal brunei airlines
       royal brunei airline meal
      





 to markets to markets
        sydney farmers market
       pyrmont growers market - june
       northside produce market - may
       pyrmont growers market - may 
       northside produce market - march
       pyrmont growers market - march
       northside produce market - january
        other food markets
       spring picnic 2004 - sweets & snacks
       spring picnic 2004 - savouries & drinks
      





 fresh aussie produces
        drinks
       farmers union iced coffee
        fruits & veg
       pineapple guava - feijoa
       giant peaches
        meat & poultry
       guinea fowl
        seafood
       salmon sausages

      





 other aussie eats
        melbourne, victoria
       sweets from fitzroy st, melb
       hot choc @ fed square
        miscellaneous
       airline meals @ virgin blue
      



festivals & celebrations



 festivals 2005
        pinkcocoa's birthday 
       pinkcocoa's chocolatey birthday!
        chinese valentine's 2005
       chinese valentines
        grandma's 80th birthday celebration
       traditional longevity goodies
       tea and thanksgiving ceremony
        ♥ extra-special occasions ♥ 
       floating glass island wedding
       happy bday, pinkcocoa tabetai!
        happy easter 2005 
       sydney royal easter show #3
       sydney royal easter show #2
       sydney royal easter show #1
       easter chocolate #1
       hot cross bun on good friday
       easter in sydney
        festivals: valentines 2005 
       pink rose cake
       creative sushi dinner
        festivals: chinese new year 2005 
       dumplings for wealth and treasure
       lucky pineapple tart
        cny day1 - chungtian temple
       lunar new year's eve
       gong heng fatt choi!
        festivals: australia day 2005 
       australia day
        miscellaneous & others
       dragon boat festival
       grave sweeping day
      





 festivals 2004
        merry christmas! 
       chrissy barbie by the beach
       chrissy barbie on balcony
       panettone - italian xmas cake
       chrissy is just round the corner
        happy moon festival! 
       the three treasure
       jap-influenced taiwanese mini mooncake
       taiwanese pineapple cakes
       snowskin mooncakes
       legends of midautumn festival
       cantonese mooncakes
       reunion bbq
       sneak preview of moon festival
        miscellaneous & others
       dong zhi - winter solstice 2004
       hari raya - malay's new year 2004
       chinese valentines 2004
       white day 2004
      



pinkcocoa participates...



 foodblog events
        end of month egg on toast extravaganza
       eomeote#7 - cincai chinese
        is my blog burning 
       imbb13 - volcano muffins
       imbb13 - my little cupcake
       imbb11 - soy milk
       imbb11 - mr bean breakfast
        memes
        five favourite cookbooks meme
       music in my kitchen
        sugar high friday 
       shf8 - lemony french toast
       shf8 - lemon tea cake
       shf6 - stuck on you
        sydney foodblogger events
       a little spicy adventure part iii
       a little spicy adventure part i
       sydney bloggers yumcha
      





 other grunts & grubs
       my restaurant rules blog
       asia tsunami
       pinkcocoa back from chocoland
       magical pink cocoa
       a little teaser
       fiddling with blogger
       the day has come...
       yakity yak
       personality test: what candy are you?
      




when not eating
pinkcocoa reads
asian eats

aroma cookery
asian vegan
cheat eat
chocopie
kuishinbo~meow~
min's food journal
my little cyberspot
mum-mum
obachan's kitchen & balcony garden
shiokadelicious

sydney eats

a banana in australia
eat stuff
grab your fork
tian & mark
husky9 kitchen
raging yogurt
sydney food diary
the adventures of the tastebuds!
the food palate

downunder eats

benjamin christie
esurientes
l'art de vivre *missing*
  
round-the-world eats

ono kine grindz
jonny angel
kiplog foodblog
penny in a nutshell
the scent of green bananas

photo blogs

my life without me
photosydney

friends blogs

an amateur in kitchen
pinkcocoa food-studies
food connoisseur guide

australian recipes by benjamin christie
food lovers' guide to australia
on baking

baking 911
jo's deli bakery

celebrity chefs

benjamin christie
kylie kwong

when not out food-shopping
pinkcocoa visits
down under yummies

bega dried fruits
colefax chocolates
gingerbread folk
glace ice cream
gelatomassie
goodies for you bakery
honest to goodness
haighs chocolate
macro whole foods
maggie beer
my little cupcake
manna from heaven
pariya food
poachers pantry
simmone logue
simon johnson
whisk and pin

drinking down under

parker's organic juices
phoenix organics
tea temple

to market to market

organic food markets

cultures that sculpts and inspires pinkcocoa
non-food stuff
everything about brunei

brudirect *brunei news site*
brunei hotels info
the empire hotel and country club
touring brunei


australian food bloggers ring

♠ oz food blogger list
 
♠ come join us if you are in oz!
 
♠ randomly check us out!!
 powered by bravenet site ring



























    this work is licensed under a creative commons license.
   








live to eat

 





