










































    
    home | sand dollar bonaire
  
  

 












              

     welcome guide



  gallery



  faq



  blogs



  contact






       




 call us:
+599 7178738

     english
en



  nederlands
nl










    


 
    apartments


   studio



  one bedroom apartments



  two bedroom apartments



  two bed town home



  three bedroom apartments





  the property


   location



  about us



  amenities



  participate



  the map





  rates & packages


   rates



  packages & add-ons



  special offers





  diving


   dive experiences



  dive friends





  activities


   water activities



  land activities



  dining








   

book now








    
 





      


  


   oceanfront apartmentslocated in front of bonaire's most popular reef

     

the property


   

book now







  


   oceanfront apartmentslocated in front of
bari,
bonaire's most popular reef

     

the property


   

book now







    book direct & benefit:
best rate guaranteed!

   

check rates & availability




     
 








midweekhousekeeping

   


specific apartment selectionfee waived

    






10% discount 
on excursions & activities

    




flexible cancellationpolicy



    plan your perfect stay
   

why choose sand dollar

  

find my perfect apartment

  

special offers


  




    why guests love sand dollar bonaire:
 



     


we felt like our condominium was home for the week we were here. the staff were very polite and the amenities were great. when we return to bonaire we know where we will be staying. our stay was above and beyond our expectations, while still feeling like home. 
 caylubm

   


really enjoyed our studio at sand dollar. this was my 5th trip to bonaire and my first sand dollar stay. 💯 will book again. spacious studio apartments with separate back and front entry. back patio is enclosed and screened off which was perfect for rinsing and storing our scuba equipment. what set this place apart from others we have stayed other than the inclosed back patio was the more frequent housekeeping/cleaning services and the option to exchange our beach towels every day for clean towels! the staff is very friendly and there is also a gated entrance that requires a fob provided to gain access. if the gate is left up there was always a security guard or two providing security. can’t wait to book our 2024 trip! 
 tonimc1979

   


completely enjoyed the 3 bedroom, 3 bath apartment at sand dollar. we were a one minute walk from climbing into the ocean. the dive site out front is one of the best on the island. the gal in the office was very helpful and allowed us to have a late checkout since we had a late afternoon flight! 
 potatofish



   
 discover sand dollar:
     

  apartments
a studio condominium offers 1 queen bed in the air-conditioned common area which includes a livingroom, dining area, full kitchen, and 1 full bathroom. these spacious 570 sq ft units easily accommodate a couple sharing the same bed, with a maximum occupancy* of two.   

apartments




  

  the property
an 850 sq ft one-bedroom condominium has 1 queen bed in the air-conditioned master bedroom and 1 full bathroom. it is ideal for a couple sharing the same bed, with a maximum occupancy* of two.   

the property




  

  rates & packages
a two-bedroom condominium has 1 king bed in the air-conditioned master bedroom and en suite bathroom and a 2nd air-conditioned bedroom with 2 twin beds and second full bathroom. the maximum occupancy* is four.   

rates & packages




  

  diving
  

diving




  

    

activities















     


       welcome guide



  faq



  blogs



  cancellation policy



  privacy policy



  terms & conditions






    



     


   





   





 reservations@sanddollarbonaire.com bonaire:  
+ 599 717 8738  kaya gobernador n. debrot 79  
hato, bonaire



        

 

 

 

 

 




  

contact us







     © 2025 
sand dollar bonaire 






















































































































  
  share by:












