


	wisconsin cheese from the cheese state ! we dream in cheese
 | wisconsin cheese





















































retail
exports
 



login






our cheese


find cheese


pairing


our makers


master cheesemakers


videos


gift baskets


order online


bravo's top chef




recipes


our recipes


recipe review sweepstakes







inspiration


the cheese life


why wisconsin?


grate. pair. share.


wedding cakes


cheeselandia community




art of cheese











search






  loading
  











 
 


 
 
 
 
discover the cheese life
 
 
 
 
 









why wisconson animation

























we've been obsessively making the world's finest cheese since before we were even a state, but that's only part of the answer...
get the whole story!














looking for the scoop on cheese? with 16 episodes exploring and pairing the world's best cheeses, you've come to the right place!
watch the videos










                         

...but sometimes we'll toot our own (alpen)horns.
it's a good thing the 5,552 awards (and counting) our cheesemakers have won speak for themselves.
photo credit: sarah kloepping,
usa today network-wisconsin
explore wisconsin's finest












 

wisconsin is where makers become masters.
our master cheesemaker program is one of only two in the world, so it's no wonder every master in america has called wisconsin home.
meet our makers













we've been making cheese since before wisconsin was even a state.
our cheesemaking heritage goes back more than 180 years combining art and science in a tradition so rich you can taste it. 
see how far back we go















                

we do more flavors and varieties of cheese than anywhere else on earth by pushing the boundaries of what cheese can and should be.

explore our cheese














  
cheese

 

our cheese
find cheese
pairing guide
our makers
master cheesemakers
order online




 
recipes



 
search


 
more

 


why wisconsin?
art of cheese festival
grate. pair. share.
the cheese life blog
wedding cakes
cheeselandia
about
contact
media
my account


retail
login







we use cookies to improve your experience on this site. by continuing to browse our site you agree to our use of cookies. privacy policy | terms and conditions






you'll know it's one of ours when you see the badge.




need help? say hello
(608) 836-8820
hello@wisconsincheese.com




wisconsin cheese newsletter














enter your email




all things cheese newsletter































about
contact
media


©   dairy farmers of wisconsin terms & conditions privacy policy sitemap


in wisconsin, we make more flavors, varieties, and styles of cheese than anywhere else in the world. we believe in tradition, producing everything from italian classics, like parmesan and ricotta, to swiss cheese and cheddar varieties. but every wisconsin cheesemaker is an innovator as well, which is why we have so many wisconsin originals, like colby and muenster. whether it’s a grilled cheese sandwich, potatoes au gratin, or a charcuterie board, wisconsin cheese makes every dish and recipe tastier.














