





slovakia genealogy research strategies













		slovakia genealogy research strategies



home

strategy

place names

churches

census

history

culture




		toolbox


contents

settlements

maps

fhl resources


military


		correspondence



library


search

dukla pass

		 

		 

		 

		 



 



bill tarkulich's

slovakia & environs
genealogy research strategies
developing effective approaches to ancestral research in 
slovakia

including rusyn/ruthenian settlements
recommended by the u. s. national archives 
& family history library



	mothers day in snina 1937

	 
ahoj!  hello!  these pages provide strategy assistance to english-speaking researchers of immigrants 
	from the regions of present-day slovak republic (slovakia).  this collection also provides a contemporary and historical perspective of the region through essays, documents and photographs.

	my research focus is on eastern slovakia (slovak republic) / formerly czechoslovakia / formerly upper hungary.  primary research areas include the peoples and lands in the carpathian mountains and immediate borderlands of southern poland (galicia) and western ukraine (carpatho-rus).  
	while there is a focus, all methods and tools referenced herein can be 
	successfully used for researching throughout slovakia.

i am thrilled to report that this strategy was 
	the key to my family search success long before online material was 
	available.  without any information to start with, i located my 
	grandparent's rusyn villages, connected with my new-found cousins in 
	slovakia and spent two weeks lving with them, in their villages, eating, 
	drinking, sleeping and most importantly sharing and learning.

 along with this web site,  
	i write articles and give presentations in publications, meetings and 
	conferences througout the world.     i am a member of 
	the
	carpatho-rusyn society ,
	cgsi and
	the lemko association




	 


		upcoming events

		i have been a presenter at various event across the united states for 
		the past twenty years.  

		wednesday, september 25, 2024 - population and urbarial census of 
		hungary,  carpatho rusyn society 
		webinar 
		october, 2025 , topics to announced, 
		2025 cgsi conference, 
		kansas city


i would be pleased to present to your organization at no 
		charge. 
		
		contact me for more information.

contents
table of contents - a complete listing of all pages




what's new - a description of site 
	updates




welcome - what these pages are all about
strategy - a systematic approach to ancestral research
history - a brief summary of major events and unique reference material 
	
place names - explanation of multiple village names and how to find them 
	
settlements - local information & loads of photos of eastern slovakia villages 
	
maps - historic and contemporary map references useful in research 
	
churches - description of various churches, their records and examples 
	
census - explanation of historical census, their availability and examples  
	
military- explanation of various military records, availability and examples.  military history  
	
fhl resources - the mormon's family history library catalog holdings related to slovakia
correspondence - how to find, address and compose letters to slovakia 
	
culture - art, architecture, social customs & language
passports, church/government certificates & other document examples
toolbox 

- quick reference to the most versatile web resources for genealogy

potpourri - a catch-all of interesting topics, photos and links 
	

can't find what you're looking for?  search the entire site:

 

 


 
www 
 http://www.iabsi.com 
		 





  links to off-site webs will open in a new window.  please disable your pop-up stopper. 

last update: 24 
september 
2024            
                                        


copyright © 
2003-2024,   
bill tarkulich



