


bleecker automotive group

 

































































 



 



home  























bleecker chrysler dodge jeep ram
i-95 @ exit 73 – dunn, nc










bleecker chevrolet
i-95 @ exit 73 – dunn, nc










bleecker buick gmc
hwy 211 e – red springs, nc



bleecker in the community
































world class service with small town savings since 1938





bleecker automotive supercenter offers one of the largest new and used car, truck, suv and commercial vehicle inventories in north carolina! known as “the truck king”, we have several dealerships in north carolina, offering new gmc sierra, chevrolet silverado, ram trucks and chevrolet, gmc and ram commercial trucks and vans as well as a large selection of used, preowned and certified trucks at each of our locations! bleecker chevrolet, bleecker chrysler dodge jeep ram, and bleecker commercial truck and van supercenter along with a huge inventory of used cars, trucks and suvs are at i-95, exit 73 in dunn, nc. dunn is located between ft bragg, fayetteville and raleigh and proudly serves our ft bragg, pope air field and seymour johnson afb military heroes as well as our fayetteville, dunn, benson, newton grove, clinton, lillington, erwin, coats, garner, cary, apex, clayton, raleigh, wilson, four oaks, smithfield, selma, goldsboro and roseboro communities.
our flagship automotive dealership, bleecker buick gmc is at i-95, exit 20 in red springs nc between ft bragg, fayetteville and lumberton nc and proudly serves our ft. bragg and pope air field military heroes as well as fayetteville, laurinburg, lumberton, raeford, nc, dillon and florence sc, and surrounding communities with new buick cars and suvs and gmc cars, trucks, commercial trucks and suvs as well as a huge selection of used, preowned and certified cars, trucks and suvs.








we welcome the chance to earn your business!our commitment


we strive to deliver a level of service that exceeds the expectations of our customers. we are a family owned community based automotive dealership group comprised of a team of passionate individuals who work hard to deliver the best results in the automotive industry. our team mission is to provide our customers and employees an atmosphere centered upon integrity, knowledge and respect. it is our team focus to inspire, educate and problem solve for our customers while striving for continuous improvement and excellence. thank you for visiting our bleecker automotive group website.
if you have any questions about our products or services, please do not hesitate to contact us. it is our honor to earn your business.
















© bleecker automotive group – we reserve the right to make changes without notice and are not responsible for typographical errors. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. – *mpg estimates reflect new epa methods beginning with 2008 models. your actual mileage will vary depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle. actual mileage will vary with options, driving conditions, driving habits, and vehicle’s condition. mileage estimates may be derived from the previous year's model. *$890.00 dealer administrative charge is not included in the advertised price. all prices and offers are before state, city and county tax, tag, title and license fees. out-of-state buyers are responsible for all state, county, city taxes and fees, as well as title/registration fees in the state that the vehicle will be registered. all prices and offers include all rebates and incentives that the dealer retains unless otherwise specifically provided. dealer not responsible for errors and omissions; all offers are subject to change without notice, please confirm listings with dealer. must qualify for all incentives. customer and dealer-added equipment is extra. cash deals will affect the final sale price. clerical error will not affect pricing. dealer is not responsible for typographical or clerical error. photos for illustration only. prices are subject to change. see dealer for details.
*msrp: starting price represents the manufacturer’s suggested retail price (msrp) for the base model trim. see “trims” options for the msrp of the model shown. the msrp does not include destination and handling charges, taxes, title, license, options, and dealer charges. actual prices are set by the dealer and may vary. **all mpg figures are epa estimates. actual mileage will vary among options, driving conditions, driving habits, and the vehicle’s condition.
© bleecker automotive group – we reserve the right to make changes without notice and are not responsible for typographical errors. internet prices may not include dealer-installed options, reconditioning, and detail. all vehicles are subject to prior sale.
© copyright bleecker automotive group. all rights reserved. bleecker automotive group marketing




































