
baghdad burning















girl blog from iraq... let's talk war, politics and occupation.

 


bbc news


new york times


alternet


al-jazeera in english


news for nerds


iraq today
 


iraq occupation watch


iraq body count


iacenter


back to iraq


dear raed


turningtables


raed in the middle
 


today in iraq
 

mediachannel.org

juan cole

guerrilla news

 


the onion


dilbert
 


iraqi music


is something burning?!
 

email riverbend


archives

								08/01/2003 - 09/01/2003 

								09/01/2003 - 10/01/2003 

								10/01/2003 - 11/01/2003 

								11/01/2003 - 12/01/2003 

								12/01/2003 - 01/01/2004 

								01/01/2004 - 02/01/2004 

								02/01/2004 - 03/01/2004 

								03/01/2004 - 04/01/2004 

								04/01/2004 - 05/01/2004 

								05/01/2004 - 06/01/2004 

								06/01/2004 - 07/01/2004 

								07/01/2004 - 08/01/2004 

								08/01/2004 - 09/01/2004 

								09/01/2004 - 10/01/2004 

								10/01/2004 - 11/01/2004 

								11/01/2004 - 12/01/2004 

								12/01/2004 - 01/01/2005 

								01/01/2005 - 02/01/2005 

								02/01/2005 - 03/01/2005 

								03/01/2005 - 04/01/2005 

								04/01/2005 - 05/01/2005 

								05/01/2005 - 06/01/2005 

								06/01/2005 - 07/01/2005 

								07/01/2005 - 08/01/2005 

								09/01/2005 - 10/01/2005 

								10/01/2005 - 11/01/2005 

								11/01/2005 - 12/01/2005 

								12/01/2005 - 01/01/2006 

								01/01/2006 - 02/01/2006 

								02/01/2006 - 03/01/2006 

								03/01/2006 - 04/01/2006 

								04/01/2006 - 05/01/2006 

								05/01/2006 - 06/01/2006 

								06/01/2006 - 07/01/2006 

								07/01/2006 - 08/01/2006 

								08/01/2006 - 09/01/2006 

								10/01/2006 - 11/01/2006 

								11/01/2006 - 12/01/2006 

								12/01/2006 - 01/01/2007 

								02/01/2007 - 03/01/2007 

								04/01/2007 - 05/01/2007 

								09/01/2007 - 10/01/2007 

								10/01/2007 - 11/01/2007 

								04/01/2013 - 05/01/2013 


baghdad burning

... i'll meet you 'round the bend my 
friend, where hearts can heal and souls can mend...
tuesday, april 09, 2013

 

      ten years on...

april 9, 2013 marks ten years since the fall of baghdad. ten
years since the invasion. since the lives of millions of iraqis changed
forever. it’s difficult to believe. it feels like only yesterday i was sharing day to day activities with the world. i feel obliged today to put my thoughts down on the blog once again, probably for the last time.




in 2003, we were counting our lives in days and weeks. would
we make it to next month? would we make it through the summer? some of us did
and many of us didn't. 


back in 2003, one year seemed like a lifetime ahead. the idiots
said, “things will improve immediately.” the optimists were giving our
occupiers a year, or two… the realists said, “things won’t improve for at least
five years.” and the pessimists? the pessimists said, “it will take ten years.
it will take a decade.”


looking back at the last ten years, what have our occupiers and their iraqi governments given us in ten years? what have our
puppets achieved in this last decade? what have we learned? 


we learned a lot. 


we learned that while life is not fair, death is even less fair-
it takes the good people. even in death you can be unlucky. lucky ones die a
‘normal’ death… a familiar death of cancer, or a heart-attack, or stroke.
unlucky ones have to be collected in bits and pieces. their families trying to
bury what can be salvaged and scraped off of streets that have seen so much
blood, it is a wonder they are not red. 


we learned that you can be floating on a sea of oil, but
your people can be destitute. your city can be an open sewer; your women and
children can be eating out of trash dumps and begging for money in foreign lands. 


we learned that justice does not prevail in this day and age.
innocent people are persecuted and executed daily. some of them in courts, some of them in streets, and some of them in the private torture chambers.


we are learning that corruption is the way to go. you want a
passport issued? pay someone. you want a document ratified? pay someone. you
want someone dead? pay someone. 


we learned that it’s not that difficult to make billions
disappear. 


we are learning that those amenities we took for granted
before 2003, you know- the luxuries – electricity, clean water from faucets,
walkable streets, safe schools – those are for deserving populations. those are
for people who don’t allow occupiers into their country. 


we’re learning that the biggest fans of the occupation (you know
who you are, you traitors) eventually leave abroad. and where do they go? the
usa, most likely, with the uk a close second. if i were an american, i’d be
outraged. after spending so much money and so many lives, i’d expect the minor
chalabis and malikis and hashimis of iraq to, well, stay in iraq. invest in
their country. i’d stand in passport control and ask them, “weren’t you happy
when we invaded your country? weren’t you happy we liberated you? go back. go
back to the country you’re so happy with because now, you’re free!” 


we’re learning that militias aren’t particular about who
they kill. the easiest thing in the world would be to say that shia militias
kill sunnis and sunni militias kill shia, but that’s not the way it works. that’s
too simple. 


we’re learning that the leaders don’t make history.
populations don’t make history. historians don’t write history. news networks
do. the foxes, and cnns, and bbcs, and jazeeras of the world make history. they
twist and turn things to fit their own private agendas. 


we’re learning that the masks are off. no one is ashamed of
the hypocrisy anymore. you can be against one country (like iran), but
empowering them somewhere else (like in iraq). you can claim to be against
religious extremism (like in afghanistan), but promoting religious extremism
somewhere else (like in iraq and egypt and syria). 


those who didn’t know it in 2003 are learning (much too
late) that an occupation is not the portal to freedom and democracy. the
occupiers do not have your best interests at heart. 


we are learning that ignorance is the death of civilized
societies and that everyone thinks their particular form of fanaticism is
acceptable. 


we are learning how easy it is to manipulate populations
with their own prejudices and that politics and religion never mix, even if a super-power says they should mix. 


but it wasn’t all a bad education… 


we learned that you sometimes receive kindness  when you least expect it. we learned that
people often step outside of the stereotypes we build for them and surprise us.
we learned and continue to learn that there is strength in numbers and that
iraqis are not easy to oppress. it is a matter of time… 


and then there are things we'd like to learn...


ahmed chalabi, iyad allawi, ibrahim jaafari, tarek al
hashemi and the rest of the vultures, where are they now? have they crawled
back under their rocks in countries like the usa, the uk, etc.? where will
maliki be in a year or two? will he return to iran or take the millions he made
off of killing iraqis and then seek asylum in some european country? far away
from the angry iraqi masses… 


what about george bush, condi, wolfowitz, and powell? will
they ever be held accountable for the devastation and the death they wrought in iraq? saddam was held accountable for 300,000 iraqis... surely someone should be held accountable for the million or so?

finally, after all is said and done, we shouldn't forget what this was about - making america safer... and are you safer americans? if you are, why is it that we hear more and more about attacks on your embassies and diplomats? why is it that you are constantly warned to not go to this country or that one? is it better now, ten years down the line? do you feel safer, with hundreds of thousands of iraqis out of the way (granted half of them were women and children, but children grow up, right?)?


and what happened to riverbend and my family? i eventually moved
from syria. i moved before the heavy fighting, before it got ugly. that’s how
fortunate i was. i moved to another country nearby, stayed almost a year, and
then made another move to a third arab country with the hope that, this time,
it’ll stick until… until when? even the pessimists aren’t sure anymore. when
will things improve? when will be able to live normally? how long will it take?
 


for those of you who are disappointed reality has reared its ugly head again, go to fox news, i'm sure they have a reportage that will soothe your conscience. 



for those of you who have been asking about me and wondering how i have been doing, i thank you. "lo khuliyet, qulibet..." which means "if the world were empty of good people, it would end." i only need to check my emails to know it won't be ending any time soon. 




     - posted by river @ 10:20 pm


monday, october 22, 2007

 

      bloggers without borders...
syria is a beautiful country- at least i think it is. i say “i think” because while i perceive it to be beautiful, i sometimes wonder if i mistake safety, security and normalcy for ‘beauty’. in so many ways, damascus is like baghdad before the war- bustling streets, occasional traffic jams, markets seemingly always full of shoppers… and in so many ways it’s different. the buildings are higher, the streets are generally narrower and there’s a mountain, qasiyoun, that looms in the distance.the mountain distracts me, as it does many iraqis- especially those from baghdad. northern iraq is full of mountains, but the rest of iraq is quite flat. at night, qasiyoun blends into the black sky and the only indication of its presence is a multitude of little, glimmering spots of light- houses and restaurants built right up there on the mountain. every time i take a picture, i try to work qasiyoun into it- i try to position the person so that qasiyoun is in the background.the first weeks here were something of a cultural shock. it has taken me these last three months to work away certain habits i’d acquired in iraq after the war. it’s funny how you learn to act a certain way and don’t even know you’re doing strange things- like avoiding people’s eyes in the street or crazily murmuring prayers to yourself when stuck in traffic. it took me at least three weeks to teach myself to walk properly again- with head lifted, not constantly looking behind me. it is estimated that there are at least 1.5 million iraqis in syria today. i believe it. walking down the streets of damascus, you can hear the iraqi accent everywhere. there are areas like geramana and qudsiya that are packed full of iraqi refugees. syrians are few and far between in these areas. even the public schools in the areas are full of iraqi children. a cousin of mine is now attending a school in qudsiya and his class is composed of 26 iraqi children, and 5 syrian children. it’s beyond belief sometimes. most of the families have nothing to live on beyond their savings which are quickly being depleted with rent and the costs of living. within a month of our being here, we began hearing talk about syria requiring visas from iraqis, like most other countries. apparently, our esteemed puppets in power met with syrian and jordanian authorities and decided they wanted to take away the last two safe havens remaining for iraqis- damascus and amman. the talk began in late august and was only talk until recently- early october. iraqis entering syria now need a visa from the syrian consulate or embassy in the country they are currently in. in the case of iraqis still in iraq, it is said that an approval from the ministry of interior is also required (which kind of makes it difficult for people running away from militias of the ministry of interior…). today, there’s talk of a possible fifty dollar visa at the border.iraqis who entered syria before the visa was implemented were getting a one month visitation visa at the border. as soon as that month was over, you could take your passport and visit the local immigration bureau. if you were lucky, they would give you an additional month or two. when talk about visas from the syrian embassy began, they stopped giving an extension on the initial border visa. we, as a family, had a brilliant idea. before the commotion of visas began, and before we started needing a renewal, we decided to go to one of the border crossings, cross into iraq, and come back into syria- everyone was doing it. it would buy us some time- at least 2 months.we chose a hot day in early september and drove the six hours to kameshli, a border town in northern syria. my aunt and her son came with us- they also needed an extension on their visa. there is a border crossing in kameshli called yaarubiya. it’s one of the simpler crossings because the iraqi and syrian borders are only a matter of several meters. you walk out of syrian territory and then walk into iraqi territory- simple and safe.when we got to the yaarubiya border patrol, it hit us that thousands of iraqis had had our brilliant idea simultaneously- the lines to the border patrol office were endless. hundreds of iraqis stood in a long line waiting to have their passports stamped with an exit visa. we joined the line of people and waited. and waited. and waited…it took four hours to leave the syrian border after which came the lines of the iraqi border post. those were even longer. we joined one of the lines of weary, impatient iraqis. “it’s looking like a gasoline line…” my younger cousin joked. that was the beginning of another four hours of waiting under the sun, taking baby steps, moving forward ever so slowly. the line kept getting longer. at one point, we could see neither the beginning of the line, where passports were being stamped to enter iraq, nor the end. running up and down the line were little boys selling glasses of water, chewing gum and cigarettes. my aunt caught one of them by the arm as he zipped past us, “how many people are in front of us?” he whistled and took a few steps back to assess the situation, “a hundred! a thousand!”. he was almost gleeful as he ran off to make business.i had such mixed feelings standing in that line. i was caught between a feeling of yearning, a certain homesickness that sometimes catches me at the oddest moments, and a heavy feeling of dread. what if they didn’t agree to let us out again? it wasn’t really possible, but what if it happened? what if this was the last time i’d see the iraqi border? what if we were no longer allowed to enter iraq for some reason? what if we were never allowed to leave?we spent the four hours standing, crouching, sitting and leaning in the line. the sun beat down on everyone equally- sunnis, shia and kurds alike. e. tried to convince the aunt to faint so it would speed the process up for the family, but she just gave us a withering look and stood straighter. people just stood there, chatting, cursing or silent. it was yet another gathering of iraqis – the perfect opportunity to swap sad stories and ask about distant relations or acquaintances. we met two families we knew while waiting for our turn. we greeted each other like long lost friends and exchanged phone numbers and addresses in damascus, promising to visit. i noticed the 23-year-old son, k., from one of the families was missing. i beat down my curiosity and refused to ask where he was. the mother was looking older than i remembered and the father looked constantly lost in thought, or maybe it was grief. i didn’t want to know if k. was dead or alive. i’d just have to believe he was alive and thriving somewhere, not worrying about borders or visas. ignorance really is bliss sometimes...back at the syrian border, we waited in a large group, tired and hungry, having handed over our passports for a stamp. the syrian immigration man sifting through dozens of passports called out names and looked at faces as he handed over the passports patiently, “stand back please- stand back”. there was a general cry towards the back of the crowded hall where we were standing as someone collapsed- as they lifted him i recognized an old man who was there with his family being chaperoned by his sons, leaning on a walking stick.by the time we had reentered the syrian border and were headed back to the cab ready to take us into kameshli, i had resigned myself to the fact that we were refugees. i read about refugees on the internet daily… in the newspapers… hear about them on tv. i hear about the estimated 1.5 million plus iraqi refugees in syria and shake my head, never really considering myself or my family as one of them. after all, refugees are people who sleep in tents and have no potable water or plumbing, right? refugees carry their belongings in bags instead of suitcases and they don’t have cell phones or internet access, right? grasping my passport in my hand like my life depended on it, with two extra months in syria stamped inside, it hit me how wrong i was. we were all refugees. i was suddenly a number. no matter how wealthy or educated or comfortable, a refugee is a refugee. a refugee is someone who isn’t really welcome in any country- including their own... especially their own.we live in an apartment building where two other iraqis are renting. the people in the floor above us are a christian family from northern iraq who got chased out of their village by peshmerga and the family on our floor is a kurdish family who lost their home in baghdad to militias and were waiting for immigration to sweden or switzerland or some such european refugee haven.the first evening we arrived, exhausted, dragging suitcases behind us, morale a little bit bruised, the kurdish family sent over their representative – a 9 year old boy missing two front teeth, holding a lopsided cake, “we’re abu mohammed’s house- across from you- mama says if you need anything, just ask- this is our number. abu dalia’s family live upstairs, this is their number. we’re all iraqi too... welcome to the building.”i cried that night because for the first time in a long time, so far away from home, i felt the unity that had been stolen from us in 2003. 


     - posted by river @ 1:42 am


thursday, september 06, 2007

 

      leaving home...
      two months ago, the suitcases were packed. my lone, large suitcase sat in my bedroom for nearly six weeks, so full of clothes and personal items, that it took me, e. and our six year old neighbor to zip it closed.packing that suitcase was one of the more difficult things i’ve had to do. it was mission impossible: your mission, r., should you choose to accept it is to go through the items you’ve accumulated over nearly three decades and decide which ones you cannot do without. the difficulty of your mission, r., is that you must contain these items in a space totaling 1 m by 0.7 m by 0.4 m. this, of course, includes the clothes you will be wearing for the next months, as well as any personal memorabilia- photos, diaries, stuffed animals, cds and the like. i packed and unpacked it four times. each time i unpacked it, i swore i’d eliminate some of the items that were not absolutely necessary. each time i packed it again, i would add more ‘stuff’ than the time before. e. finally came in a month and a half later and insisted we zip up the bag so i wouldn’t be tempted to update its contents constantly.the decision that we would each take one suitcase was made by my father. he took one look at the box of assorted memories we were beginning to prepare and it was final: four large identical suitcases were purchased- one for each member of the family and a fifth smaller one was dug out of a closet for the documentation we’d collectively need- graduation certificates, personal identification papers, etc.we waited… and waited… and waited. it was decided we would leave mid to late june- examinations would be over and as we were planning to leave with my aunt and her two children- that was the time considered most convenient for all involved. the day we finally appointed as the day, we woke up to an explosion not 2 km away and a curfew. the trip was postponed a week. the night before we were scheduled to travel, the driver who owned the gmc that would take us to the border excused himself from the trip- his brother had been killed in a shooting. once again, it was postponed.there was one point, during the final days of june, where i simply sat on my packed suitcase and cried. by early july, i was convinced we would never leave. i was sure the iraqi border was as far away, for me, as the borders of alaska. it had taken us well over two months to decide to leave by car instead of by plane. it had taken us yet another month to settle on syria as opposed to jordan. how long would it take us to reschedule leaving?it happened almost overnight. my aunt called with the exciting news that one of her neighbors was going to leave for syria in 48 hours because their son was being threatened and they wanted another family on the road with them in another car- like gazelles in the jungle, it’s safer to travel in groups. it was a flurry of activity for two days. we checked to make sure everything we could possibly need was prepared and packed. we arranged for a distant cousin of my moms who was to stay in our house with his family to come the night before we left (we can’t leave the house empty because someone might take it).it was a tearful farewell as we left the house. one of my other aunts and an uncle came to say goodbye the morning of the trip. it was a solemn morning and i’d been preparing myself for the last two days not to cry. you won’t cry, i kept saying, because you’re coming back. you won’t cry because it’s just a little trip like the ones you used to take to mosul or basrah before the war. in spite of my assurances to myself of a safe and happy return, i spent several hours before leaving with a huge lump lodged firmly in my throat. my eyes burned and my nose ran in spite of me. i told myself it was an allergy.we didn’t sleep the night before we had to leave because there seemed to be so many little things to do… it helped that there was no electricity at all- the area generator wasn’t working and ‘national electricity’ was hopeless. there just wasn’t time to sleep.the last few hours in the house were a blur. it was time to go and i went from room to room saying goodbye to everything. i said goodbye to my desk- the one i’d used all through high school and college. i said goodbye to the curtains and the bed and the couch. i said goodbye to the armchair e. and i broke when we were younger. i said goodbye to the big table over which we’d gathered for meals and to do homework. i said goodbye to the ghosts of the framed pictures that once hung on the walls, because the pictures have long since been taken down and stored away- but i knew just what hung where. i said goodbye to the silly board games we inevitably fought over- the arabic monopoly with the missing cards and money that no one had the heart to throw away.i knew then as i know now that these were all just items- people are so much more important. still, a house is like a museum in that it tells a certain history. you look at a cup or stuffed toy and a chapter of memories opens up before your very eyes. it suddenly hit me that i wanted to leave so much less than i thought i did.six am finally came. the gmc waited outside while we gathered the necessities- a thermos of hot tea, biscuits, juice, olives (olives?!) which my dad insisted we take with us in the car, etc. my aunt and uncle watched us sorrowfully. there’s no other word to describe it. it was the same look i got in my eyes when i watched other relatives and friends prepare to leave. it was a feeling of helplessness and hopelessness, tinged with anger. why did the good people have to go?i cried as we left- in spite of promises not to. the aunt cried… the uncle cried. my parents tried to be stoic but there were tears in their voices as they said their goodbyes. the worst part is saying goodbye and wondering if you’re ever going to see these people again. my uncle tightened the shawl i’d thrown over my hair and advised me firmly to ‘keep it on until you get to the border’. the aunt rushed out behind us as the car pulled out of the garage and dumped a bowl of water on the ground, which is a tradition- its to wish the travelers a safe return… eventually.the trip was long and uneventful, other than two checkpoints being run by masked men. they asked to see identification, took a cursory glance at the passports and asked where we were going. the same was done for the car behind us. those checkpoints are terrifying but i’ve learned that the best technique is to avoid eye-contact, answer questions politely and pray under your breath. my mother and i had been careful not to wear any apparent jewelry, just in case, and we were both in long skirts and head scarves.the trip was long and uneventful, other than two checkpoints being run by masked men. they asked to see identification, took a cursory glance at the passports and asked where we were going. the same was done for the car behind us. those checkpoints are terrifying but i’ve learned that the best technique is to avoid eye-contact, answer questions politely and pray under your breath. my mother and i had been careful not to wear any apparent jewelry, just in case, and we were both in long skirts and head scarves.syria is the only country, other than jordan, that was allowing people in without a visa. the jordanians are being horrible with refugees. families risk being turned back at the jordanian border, or denied entry at amman airport. it’s too high a risk for most families.we waited for hours, in spite of the fact that the driver we were with had ‘connections’, which meant he’d been to syria and back so many times, he knew all the right people to bribe for a safe passage through the borders. i sat nervously at the border. the tears had stopped about an hour after we’d left baghdad. just seeing the dirty streets, the ruins of buildings and houses, the smoke-filled horizon all helped me realize how fortunate i was to have a chance for something safer.by the time we were out of baghdad, my heart was no longer aching as it had been while we were still leaving it. the cars around us on the border were making me nervous. i hated being in the middle of so many possibly explosive vehicles. a part of me wanted to study the faces of the people around me, mostly families, and the other part of me, the one that’s been trained to stay out of trouble the last four years, told me to keep my eyes to myself- it was almost over.it was finally our turn. i sat stiffly in the car and waited as money passed hands; our passports were looked over and finally stamped. we were ushered along and the driver smiled with satisfaction, “it’s been an easy trip, alhamdulillah,” he said cheerfully.as we crossed the border and saw the last of the iraqi flags, the tears began again. the car was silent except for the prattling of the driver who was telling us stories of escapades he had while crossing the border. i sneaked a look at my mother sitting beside me and her tears were flowing as well. there was simply nothing to say as we left iraq. i wanted to sob, but i didn’t want to seem like a baby. i didn’t want the driver to think i was ungrateful for the chance to leave what had become a hellish place over the last four and a half years.the syrian border was almost equally packed, but the environment was more relaxed. people were getting out of their cars and stretching. some of them recognized each other and waved or shared woeful stories or comments through the windows of the cars. most importantly, we were all equal. sunnis and shia, arabs and kurds… we were all equal in front of the syrian border personnel.we were all refugees- rich or poor. and refugees all look the same- there’s a unique expression you’ll find on their faces- relief, mixed with sorrow, tinged with apprehension. the faces almost all look the same.the first minutes after passing the border were overwhelming. overwhelming relief and overwhelming sadness… how is it that only a stretch of several kilometers and maybe twenty minutes, so firmly segregates life from death?how is it that a border no one can see or touch stands between car bombs, militias, death squads and… peace, safety? it’s difficult to believe- even now. i sit here and write this and wonder why i can’t hear the explosions.i wonder at how the windows don’t rattle as the planes pass overhead. i’m trying to rid myself of the expectation that armed people in black will break through the door and into our lives. i’m trying to let my eyes grow accustomed to streets free of road blocks, hummers and pictures of muqtada and the rest…how is it that all of this lies a short car ride away?


     - posted by river @ 12:06 am


thursday, april 26, 2007

 

      the great wall of segregation...
…which is the wall the current iraqi government is building (with the support and guidance of the americans). it's a wall that is intended to separate and isolate what is now considered the largest 'sunni' area in baghdad- let no one say the americans are not building anything. according to plans the iraqi puppets and americans cooked up, it will 'protect' a'adhamiya, a residential/mercantile area that the current iraqi government and their death squads couldn't empty of sunnis. the wall, of course, will protect no one. i sometimes wonder if this is how the concentration camps began in europe. the nazi government probably said, "oh look- we're just going to protect the jews with this little wall here- it will be difficult for people to get into their special area to hurt them!" and yet, it will also be difficult to get out. the wall is the latest effort to further break iraqi society apart. promoting and supporting civil war isn't enough, apparently- iraqis have generally proven to be more tenacious and tolerant than their mullahs, ayatollahs, and vichy leaders. it's time for america to physically divide and conquer- like berlin before the wall came down or palestine today. this way, they can continue chasing sunnis out of "shia areas" and shia out of "sunni areas".i always hear the iraqi pro-war crowd interviewed on television from foreign capitals (they can only appear on television from the safety of foreign capitals because i defy anyone to be publicly pro-war in iraq). they refuse to believe that their religiously inclined, sectarian political parties fueled this whole sunni/shia conflict. they refuse to acknowledge that this situation is a direct result of the war and occupation. they go on and on about iraq's history and how sunnis and shia were always in conflict and i hate that. i hate that a handful of expats who haven't been to the country in decades pretend to know more about it than people actually living there.i remember baghdad before the war- one could live anywhere. we didn't know what our neighbors were- we didn't care. no one asked about religion or sect. no one bothered with what was considered a trivial topic: are you sunni or shia? you only asked something like that if you were uncouth and backward. our lives revolve around it now. our existence depends on hiding it or highlighting it- depending on the group of masked men who stop you or raid your home in the middle of the night.on a personal note, we've finally decided to leave. i guess i've known we would be leaving for a while now. we discussed it as a family dozens of times. at first, someone would suggest it tentatively because, it was just a preposterous idea- leaving ones home and extended family- leaving ones country- and to what? to where?since last summer, we had been discussing it more and more. it was only a matter of time before what began as a suggestion- a last case scenario- soon took on solidity and developed into a plan. for the last couple of months, it has only been a matter of logistics. plane or car? jordan or syria? will we all leave together as a family? or will it be only my brother and i at first?after jordan or syria- where then? obviously, either of those countries is going to be a transit to something else. they are both overflowing with iraqi refugees, and every single iraqi living in either country is complaining of the fact that work is difficult to come by, and getting a residency is even more difficult. there is also the little problem of being turned back at the border. thousands of iraqis aren't being let into syria or jordan- and there are no definite criteria for entry, the decision is based on the whim of the border patrol guard checking your passport.an airplane isn't necessarily safer, as the trip to baghdad international airport is in itself risky and travelers are just as likely to be refused permission to enter the country (syria and jordan) if they arrive by airplane. and if you're wondering why syria or jordan, because they are the only two countries that will let iraqis in without a visa. following up visa issues with the few functioning embassies or consulates in baghdad is next to impossible.so we've been busy. busy trying to decide what part of our lives to leave behind. which memories are dispensable? we, like many iraqis, are not the classic refugees- the ones with only the clothes on their backs and no choice. we are choosing to leave because the other option is simply a continuation of what has been one long nightmare- stay and wait and try to survive.on the one hand, i know that leaving the country and starting a new life somewhere else- as yet unknown- is such a huge thing that it should dwarf every trivial concern. the funny thing is that it’s the trivial that seems to occupy our lives. we discuss whether to take photo albums or leave them behind. can i bring along a stuffed animal i've had since the age of four? is there room for e.'s guitar? what clothes do we take? summer clothes? the winter clothes too? what about my books? what about the cds, the baby pictures?the problem is that we don't even know if we'll ever see this stuff again. we don't know if whatever we leave, including the house, will be available when and if we come back. there are moments when the injustice of having to leave your country, simply because an imbecile got it into his head to invade it, is overwhelming. it is unfair that in order to survive and live normally, we have to leave our home and what remains of family and friends… and to what?it's difficult to decide which is more frightening- car bombs and militias, or having to leave everything you know and love, to some unspecified place for a future where nothing is certain. 


     - posted by river @ 5:03 pm


tuesday, february 20, 2007

 

      maliki's reaction...
as expected, al maliki is claiming the rape allegations are all lies. apparently, his people simply asked the officers if they raped sabrine al janabi and they said no. i'm so glad that's been cleared up."meanwhile, prime minister nouri al-makiki moved quickly to try to defuse a scandal after a sunni woman said she was raped by three officers of the shiite-dominated police.the government's response — siding with the officers and trying to discredit the allegations — threatened to bring even more backlash.a statement by al-makiki's office accused "certain parties" — presumably sunni politicians — of fabricating the claims in an attempt to undermine security forces during the ongoing baghdad security operation, which began last week.the statement was issued only hours after al-maliki ordered an investigation into the case monday night.the 20-year-old married woman said she was assaulted after police commandos took her into custody sunday in the western baghdad neighborhood of amil, accusing her of helping insurgents. she said she was taken to a police garrison and raped."it has been shown after medical examinations that the woman had not been subjected to any sexual attack whatsoever and that there are three outstanding arrest warrants against her issued by security agencies," the government statement said, without giving details."after the allegations have been proven to be false, the prime minister has ordered that the officers accused be rewarded," it said without elaborating."i hate the media and i hate the iraqi government for turning this atrocity into another sunni-shia debacle- like it matters whether sabrine is sunni or shia or arab or kurd (the al janabi tribe is composed of both sunnis and shia). maliki did not only turn the woman into a liar, he is rewarding the officers she accused. it's outrageous and maddening.no iraqi woman under the circumstances- under any circumstances- would publicly, falsely claim she was raped. there are just too many risks. there is the risk of being shunned socially. there is the risk of beginning an endless chain of retaliations and revenge killings between tribes. there is the shame of coming out publicly and talking about a subject so taboo, she and her husband are not only risking their reputations by telling this story, they are risking their lives.no one would lie about something like this simply to undermine the baghdad security operation. that can be done simply by calculating the dozens of dead this last week. or by writing about the mass detentions of innocents, or how people are once again burying their valuables so that iraqi and american troops don't steal them.it was less than 14 hours between sabrine's claims and maliki's rewarding the people she accused. in 14 hours, maliki not only established their innocence, but turned them into his own personal heroes. i wonder if maliki would entrust the safety his own wife and daughter to these men.this is meant to discourage other prisoners, especially women, from coming forward and making claims against iraqi and american forces. maliki is the stupidest man alive (well, after bush of course…) if he believes his arrogance and callous handling of the situation will work to dismiss it from the minds of iraqis. by doing what he is doing, he's making it more clear than ever that under his rule, under his government, vigilante justice is the only way to go. why leave it to the security forces and police? simply hire a militia or gang to get revenge. if he doesn't get some justice for her, her tribe will be forced to... and the janabat (the al janabis) are a force to be reckoned with.  maliki could at least pretend the rape of a young iraqi woman is still an outrage in todays iraq... 


     - posted by river @ 3:59 pm



 

      the rape of sabrine...
it takes a lot to get the energy and resolution to blog lately. i guess it’s mainly because just thinking about the state of iraq leaves me drained and depressed. but i had to write tonight.as i write this, oprah is on channel 4 (one of the mbc channels we get on nilesat), showing americans how to get out of debt. her guest speaker is telling a studio full of american women who seem to have over-shopped that they could probably do with fewer designer products. as they talk about increasing incomes and fortunes, sabrine al-janabi, a young iraqi woman, is on al jazeera telling how iraqi security forces abducted her from her home and raped her. you can only see her eyes, her voice is hoarse and it keeps breaking as she speaks. in the end she tells the reporter that she can’t talk about it anymore and she covers her eyes with shame.she might just be the bravest iraqi woman ever. everyone knows american forces and iraqi security forces are raping women (and men), but this is possibly the first woman who publicly comes out and tells about it using her actual name. hearing her tell her story physically makes my heart ache. some people will call her a liar. others (including pro-war iraqis) will call her a prostitute- shame on you in advance.i wonder what excuse they used when they took her. it’s most likely she’s one of the thousands of people they round up under the general headline of ‘terrorist suspect’. she might have been one of those subtitles you read on cnn or bbc or arabiya, “13 insurgents captured by iraqi security forces.” the men who raped her are those same security forces bush and condi are so proud of- you know- the ones the americans trained. it’s a chapter right out of the book that documents american occupation in iraq: the chapter that will tell the story of 14-year-old abeer who was raped, killed and burned with her little sister and parents.they abducted her from her house in an area in southern baghdad called hai al amil. no- it wasn’t a gang. it was iraqi peace keeping or security forces- the ones trained by americans? you know them. she was brutally gang-raped and is now telling the story. half her face is covered for security reasons or reasons of privacy. i translated what she said below.“i told him, ‘i don’t have anything [i did not do anything].’ he said, 'you don’t have anything?’ one of them threw me on the ground and my head hit the tiles. he did what he did- i mean he raped me. the second one came and raped me. the third one also raped me. [pause- sobbing] i begged them and cried, and one of them covered my mouth. [unclear, crying] another one of them came and said, 'are you finished? we also want our turn.' so they answered, ‘no, an american committee came.’ they took me to the judge.anchorwoman: sabrine al janabi said that one of the security forces videotaped/photographed her and threatened to kill her if she told anyone about the rape. another officer raped her after she saw the investigative judge. sabrine continuing:“one of them, he said… i told him, ‘please- by your father and mother- let me go.’ he said, ‘no, no- by my mother’s soul i’ll let you go- but on one condition, you give me one single thing.’ i said, ‘what?’ he said, ‘[i want] to rape you.’ i told him, ‘no- i can’t.’ so he took me to a room with a weapon… it had a weapon, a klashnikov, a small bed [unclear], he sat me on it. so [the officer came] and told him, ‘leave her to me.’ i swore to him on the quran, i told him, ‘by the light of the prophet i don’t do such things…’ he said, ‘you don’t do such things?’ i said, ‘yes’. [crying] he picked up a black hose, like a pipe. he hit me on the thigh. [crying] i told him, ‘what do you want from me? do you want me to tell you rape me? but i can’t… i’m not one of those ***** [prostitutes] i don’t do such things.’ so he said to me, ‘we take what we want and what we don’t want we kill. that’s that.’ [sobbing] i can’t anymore… please, i can’t finish.”i look at this woman and i can’t feel anything but rage. what did we gain? i know that looking at her, foreigners will never be able to relate. they’ll feel pity and maybe some anger, but she’s one of us. she’s not a girl in jeans and a t-shirt so there will only be a vague sort of sympathy. poor third-world countries- that is what their womenfolk tolerate. just know that we never had to tolerate this before. there was a time when iraqis were safe in the streets. that time is long gone. we consoled ourselves after the war with the fact that we at least had a modicum of safety in our homes. homes are sacred, aren’t they? that is gone too. she’s just one of tens, possibly hundreds, of iraqi women who are violated in their own homes and in iraqi prisons. she looks like cousins i have. she looks like friends. she looks like a neighbor i sometimes used to pause to gossip with in the street. every iraqi who looks at her will see a cousin, a friend, a sister, a mother, an aunt… humanitarian organizations are warning that three iraqi women are to be executed next month. the women are wassan talib, zainab fadhil and liqa omar muhammad. they are being accused of 'terrorism', i.e. having ties to the iraqi resistance. it could mean they are relatives of people suspected of being in the resistance. or it could mean they were simply in the wrong place at the wrong time. one of them gave birth in the prison. i wonder what kind of torture they've endured. let no one say iraqi women didn't get at least some equality under the american occupation- we are now equally as likely to get executed. and yet, as the situation continues to deteriorate both for iraqis inside and outside of iraq, and for americans inside iraq, americans in america are still debating on the state of the war and occupation- are they winning or losing? is it better or worse. let me clear it up for any moron with lingering doubts: it’s worse. it’s over. you lost. you lost the day your tanks rolled into baghdad to the cheers of your imported, american-trained monkeys. you lost every single family whose home your soldiers violated. you lost every sane, red-blooded iraqi when the abu ghraib pictures came out and verified your atrocities behind prison walls as well as the ones we see in our streets. you lost when you brought murderers, looters, gangsters and militia heads to power and hailed them as iraq’s first democratic government. you lost when a gruesome execution was dubbed your biggest accomplishment. you lost the respect and reputation you once had. you lost more than 3000 troops. that is what you lost america. i hope the oil, at least, made it worthwhile.


     - posted by river @ 1:09 am


sunday, december 31, 2006

 

      a lynching...
it's official. maliki and his people are psychopaths. this really is a new low. it's outrageous- an execution during eid. muslims all over the world (with the exception of iran) are outraged. eid is a time of peace, of putting aside quarrels and anger- at least for the duration of eid.this does not bode well for the coming year. no one imagined the madmen would actually do it during a religious holiday. it is religiously unacceptable and before, it was constitutionally illegal. we thought we'd at least get a few days of peace and some time to enjoy the eid holiday, which coincides with the new year this year. we've spent the first two days of a holy holiday watching bits and pieces of a sordid lynching.america the savior… after nearly four years and bush's biggest achievement in iraq has been a lynching. bravo americans.maliki has made the mistake of his life. his signature and unhidden glee at the whole execution, especially on the first day of eid al adha (the eid where millions of muslims make a pilgrimage to mecca), will only do more to damage his already tattered reputation. he's like a vulture in a suit (or a balding weasel). it's almost embarrassing. i kept expecting muwafaq al rubaii to run over and wipe the drool from the corner of his mouth as he signed for the execution. are these the people who represent the new iraq? we're in so much more trouble than i ever thought.and no- not the celebrations bbc are claiming. with the exception of a few areas, the streets are empty.now we come to cnn. shame on you cnn journalists- you're getting lazy. the least you can do is get the last words correct when you write a story about an execution. your articles are read the world over and will go down in history as references. you people are the biggest news network in the world- the least you can do is spend some money on a decent translator. saddam's last words were not "muqtada al sadr" as munir haddad claimed, according to the article below. if anyone had seen at least part of the video they showed on tv, you'd know that."a witness, iraqi judge munir haddad, said that one of the executioners told hussein that the former dictator had destroyed iraq, which sparked an argument that was joined by several government officials in the room.as a noose was tightened around hussein's neck, one of the executioners yelled "long live muqtada al-sadr," haddad said, referring to the powerful anti-american shiite religious leader.hussein, a sunni, uttered one last phrase before he died, saying "muqtada al-sadr" in a mocking tone, according to haddad's account."from the video that was leaked, it was not an executioner who yelled "long live muqtada al-sadr". see, this is another low the maliki government sunk to- they had some hecklers conveniently standing by during the execution. maliki claimed they were "some witnesses from the trial", but they were, very obviously, hecklers. the moment the noose was around saddam's neck, they began chanting, in unison, "god's prayers be on mohamed and on mohamed's family…" something else i didn't quite catch (but it was very coordinated), and then "muqtada, muqtada, muqtada!" one of them called out to saddam, "go to hell…" (in arabic). saddam looked down disdainfully and answered "heya hay il marjala…?" which is basically saying, "is this your manhood…?".someone half-heartedly called out to the hecklers, "i beg you, i beg you- the man is being executed!" they were slightly quieter and then saddam stood and said, "ashadu an la ilaha ila allah, wa ashhadu ana mohammedun rasool allah…" which means, "i witness there is no god but allah and that mohammed is his messenger." these are the words a muslim (sunnis and shia alike) should say on their deathbed. he repeated this one more time, very clearly, but before he could finish it, he was lynched.so, no, cnn, his last words were not "muqtada al sadr" in a mocking tone- just thought someone should clear that up. (really people, six of you contributed to that article!)then again, one could argue that it was a judge who gave them that false information. a judge on the iraqi appeals court- one of the judges who ratified the execution order. everyone knows iraqi judges under american tutelage never lie- that explains cnn's confusion.muwafaq al rubai was said he was "weak and frightened". apparently, rubai saw a different lynching because according to the video they leaked, he didn't look frightened at all. his voice didn't shake and he refused to put on the black hood. he looked resigned to his fate, and during the heckling he looked as defiant as ever. (it's quite a contrast to muhsin abdul hameed's public hysterics last year when the americans raided his home.)it's one thing to have militias participating in killings. this is allegedly the democracy the americans flaunt. is this how bloodthirsty and frightening we've become? is this what iraq stands for now? executions? i'm sure the rest of the arab countries will be impressed.one of the most advanced countries in the world did not help to reconstruct iraq, they didn't even help produce a decent constitution. they did, however, contribute nicely to a kangaroo court and a lynching. a lynching shall go down in history as america's biggest accomplishment in iraq. so who's next? who hangs for the hundreds of thousands who've died as a direct result of this war and occupation? bush? blair? maliki? jaffari? allawi? chalabi?2006 has definitely been representative of maliki and his government- killings like never before and a lynching to end it properly. death and destruction everywhere. i'm so tired of all of this… 


     - posted by river @ 10:12 pm


friday, december 29, 2006

 

      end of another year...
you know your country is in trouble when: the un has to open a special branch just to keep track of the chaos and bloodshed, unami. abovementioned branch cannot be run from your country. the politicians who worked to put your country in this sorry state can no longer be found inside of, or anywhere near, its borders. the only thing the us and iran can agree about is the deteriorating state of your nation. an 8-year war and 13-year blockade are looking like the country's 'golden years'. your country is purportedly 'selling' 2 million barrels of oil a day, but you are standing in line for 4 hours for black market gasoline for the generator. for every 5 hours of no electricity, you get one hour of public electricity and then the government announces it's going to cut back on providing that hour. politicians who supported the war spend tv time debating whether it is 'sectarian bloodshed' or 'civil war'. people consider themselves lucky if they can actually identify the corpse of the relative that's been missing for two weeks. a day in the life of the average iraqi has been reduced to identifying corpses, avoiding car bombs and attempting to keep track of which family members have been detained, which ones have been exiled and which ones have been abducted. 2006 has been, decidedly, the worst year yet. no- really. the magnitude of this war and occupation is only now hitting the country full force. it's like having a big piece of hard, dry earth you are determined to break apart. you drive in the first stake in the form of an infrastructure damaged with missiles and the newest in arms technology, the first cracks begin to form. several smaller stakes come in the form of politicians like chalabi, al hakim, talbani, pachachi, allawi and maliki. the cracks slowly begin to multiply and stretch across the once solid piece of earth, reaching out towards its edges like so many skeletal hands. and you apply pressure. you surround it from all sides and push and pull. slowly, but surely, it begins coming apart- a chip here, a chunk there. that is iraq right now. the americans have done a fine job of working to break it apart. this last year has nearly everyone convinced that that was the plan right from the start. there were too many blunders for them to actually have been, simply, blunders. the 'mistakes' were too catastrophic. the people the bush administration chose to support and promote were openly and publicly terrible- from the conman and embezzler chalabi, to the terrorist jaffari, to the militia man maliki. the decisions, like disbanding the iraqi army, abolishing the original constitution, and allowing militias to take over iraqi security were too damaging to be anything but intentional. the question now is, but why? i really have been asking myself that these last few days. what does america possibly gain by damaging iraq to this extent? i'm certain only raving idiots still believe this war and occupation were about wmd or an actual fear of saddam. al qaeda? that's laughable. bush has effectively created more terrorists in iraq these last 4 years than osama could have created in 10 different terrorist camps in the distant hills of afghanistan. our children now play games of 'sniper' and 'jihadi', pretending that one hit an american soldier between the eyes and this one overturned a humvee. this last year especially has been a turning point. nearly every iraqi has lost so much. so much. there's no way to describe the loss we've experienced with this war and occupation. there are no words to relay the feelings that come with the knowledge that daily almost 40 corpses are found in different states of decay and mutilation. there is no compensation for the dense, black cloud of fear that hangs over the head of every iraqi. fear of things so out of ones hands, it borders on the ridiculous- like whether your name is 'too sunni' or 'too shia'. fear of the larger things- like the americans in the tank, the police patrolling your area in black bandanas and green banners, and the iraqi soldiers wearing black masks at the checkpoint. again, i can't help but ask myself why this was all done? what was the point of breaking iraq so that it was beyond repair? iran seems to be the only gainer. their presence in iraq is so well-established, publicly criticizing a cleric or ayatollah verges on suicide. has the situation gone so beyond america that it is now irretrievable? or was this a part of the plan all along? my head aches just posing the questions.what has me most puzzled right now is: why add fuel to the fire? sunnis and moderate shia are being chased out of the larger cities in the south and the capital. baghdad is being torn apart with shia leaving sunni areas and sunnis leaving shia areas- some under threat and some in fear of attacks. people are being openly shot at check points or in drive by killings… many colleges have stopped classes. thousands of iraqis no longer send their children to school- it's just not safe.why make things worse by insisting on saddam's execution now? who gains if they hang saddam? iran, naturally, but who else? there is a real fear that this execution will be the final blow that will shatter iraq. some sunni and shia tribes have threatened to arm their members against the americans if saddam is executed. iraqis in general are watching closely to see what happens next, and quietly preparing for the worst. this is because now, saddam no longer represents himself or his regime. through the constant insistence of american war propaganda, saddam is now representative of all sunni arabs (never mind most of his government were shia). the americans, through their speeches and news articles and iraqi puppets, have made it very clear that they consider him to personify sunni arab resistance to the occupation. basically, with this execution, what the americans are saying is "look- sunni arabs- this is your man, we all know this. we're hanging him- he symbolizes you." and make no mistake about it, this trial and verdict and execution are 100% american. some of the actors were iraqi enough, but the production, direction and montage was pure hollywood (though low-budget, if you ask me). that is, of course, why talbani doesn't want to sign his death penalty- not because the mob man suddenly grew a conscience, but because he doesn't want to be the one who does the hanging- he won't be able to travel far away enough if he does that. maliki's government couldn't contain their glee. they announced the ratification of the execution order before the actual court did. a few nights ago, some american news program interviewed maliki's bureau chief, basim al-hassani who was speaking in accented american english about the upcoming execution like it was a carnival he'd be attending. he sat, looking sleazy and not a little bit ridiculous, his dialogue interspersed with 'gonna', 'gotta' and 'wanna'... which happens, i suppose, when the only people you mix with are american soldiers. my only conclusion is that the americans want to withdraw from iraq, but would like to leave behind a full-fledged civil war because it wouldn't look good if they withdraw and things actually begin to improve, would it? here we come to the end of 2006 and i am sad. not simply sad for the state of the country, but for the state of our humanity, as iraqis. we've all lost some of the compassion and civility that i felt made us special four years ago. i take myself as an example. nearly four years ago, i cringed every time i heard about the death of an american soldier. they were occupiers, but they were humans also and the knowledge that they were being killed in my country gave me sleepless nights. never mind they crossed oceans to attack the country, i actually felt for them. had i not chronicled those feelings of agitation in this very blog, i wouldn't believe them now. today, they simply represent numbers. 3000 americans dead over nearly four years? really? that's the number of dead iraqis in less than a month. the americans had families? too bad. so do we. so do the corpses in the streets and the ones waiting for identification in the morgue.is the american soldier that died today in anbar more important than a cousin i have who was shot last month on the night of his engagement to a woman he's wanted to marry for the last six years? i don't think so. just because americans die in smaller numbers, it doesn't make them more significant, does it?


     - posted by river @ 1:00 pm


sunday, november 05, 2006

 

      when all else fails...
… execute the dictator. it’s that simple. when american troops are being killed by the dozen, when the country you are occupying is threatening to break up into smaller countries, when you have militias and death squads roaming the streets and you’ve put a group of mullahs in power- execute the dictator.everyone expected this verdict from the very first day of the trial. there was a brief interlude when, with the first judge, it was thought that it might actually be a coherent trial where iraqis could hear explanations and see what happened. that was soon over with the prosecution’s first false witness. events that followed were so ridiculous; it’s difficult to believe them even now.the sound would suddenly disappear when the defense or one of the defendants got up to speak. we would hear the witnesses but no one could see them- hidden behind a curtain, their voices were changed. people who were supposed to have been dead in the dujail incident were found to be very alive.judge after judge was brought in because the ones in court were seen as too fair. they didn’t instantly condemn the defendants (even if only for the sake of the media). the piece de resistance was the final judge they brought in. his reputation vies only that of chalabi- a well-known thief and murderer who ran away to iran to escape not political condemnation, but his father’s wrath after he stole from the restaurant his father ran.so we all knew the outcome upfront (maliki was on television 24 hours before the verdict telling people not to ‘rejoice too much’). i think what surprises me right now is the utter stupidity of the current iraqi government. the timing is ridiculous- immediately before the congressional elections? how very convenient for bush. iraq, today, is at its very worst since the invasion and the beginning occupation. april 2003 is looking like a honeymoon month today. is it really the time to execute saddam?i’m more than a little worried. this is bush’s final card. the elections came and went and a group of extremists and thieves were put into power (no, no- i meant in baghdad, not washington). the constitution which seems to have drowned in the river of iraqi blood since its elections has been forgotten. it is only dug up when one of the puppets wants to break apart the country. reconstruction is an aspiration from another lifetime: i swear we no longer want buildings and bridges, security and an undivided iraq are more than enough. things must be deteriorating beyond imagination if bush needs to use the ‘execute the dictator’ card.iraq has not been this bad in decades. the occupation is a failure. the various pro-american, pro-iranian iraqi governments are failures. the new iraqi army is a deadly joke. is it really time to turn saddam into a martyr? things are so bad that even pro-occupation iraqis are going back on their initial ‘we love america’ frenzy. laith kubba (a.k.a. mr. catfish for his big mouth and constant look of stupidity) was recently on the bbc saying that this was just the beginning of justice, that people responsible for the taking of lives today should also be brought to justice. he seems to have forgotten he was one of the supporters of the war and occupation, and an important member of one of the murderous pro-american governments. but history shall not forget mr. kubba.iraq saw demonstrations against and for the verdict. the pro-saddam demonstrators were attacked by the iraqi army. this is how free our media is today: the channels that were showing the pro-saddam demonstrations have been shut down. iraqi security forces promptly raided them.welcome to the new iraq. here are some images from the salahiddin and zawra channels: zawra channel. the subtitle says: baghdad: zawra satellite channel has stopped broadcasting by order of the government.  salahiddin's green screen which appeared suddenly says: salahiddin satellite channelsharqiya channel announcing breaking news: two channels, salahiddin and zawra, shut down. security forces raid the offices of the channels. it’s not about the man- presidents come and go, governments come and go. it’s the frustration of feeling like the whole country and every single iraqi inside and outside of iraq is at the mercy of american politics. it is the rage of feeling like a mere chess piece to be moved back and forth at will. it is the aggravation of having a government so blind and uncaring about their peoples needs that they don’t even feel like it’s necessary to go through the motions or put up an act. and it's the deaths. the thousands of dead and dying, with bush sitting there smirking and lying about progress and winning in a country where every single iraqi outside of the green zone is losing.once again… the timing of all of this is impeccable- two days before congressional elections. and if you don’t see it, then i’m sorry, you’re stupid. let’s see how many times bush milks this as a ‘success’ in his coming speeches.a final note. i just read somewhere that some of the families of dead american soldiers are visiting the iraqi north to see ‘what their sons and daughters died for’. if that’s the goal of the visit, then, “ladies and gentlemen- to your right is the iraqi ministry of oil, to your left is the dawry refinery… each of you get this, a gift bag containing a 3 by 3 color poster of al sayid muqtada al sadr (long may he live and prosper), an ayatollah sistani t-shirt and a map of iran, to scale, redrawn with the islamic republic of south iraq. also… hey you! you- the female in the back- is that a lock of hair i see? cover it up or stay home.”and that is what they died for. 


     - posted by river @ 8:25 pm


wednesday, october 18, 2006

 

      the lancet study...
this has been the longest time i have been away from blogging. there were several reasons for my disappearance the major one being the fact that every time i felt the urge to write about iraq, about the situation, i'd be filled with a certain hopelessness that can't be put into words and that i suspect other iraqis feel also. it's very difficult at this point to connect to the internet and try to read the articles written by so-called specialists and analysts and politicians. they write about and discuss iraq as i might write about the ivory coast or cambodia- with a detachment and lack of sentiment that- i suppose- is meant to be impartial. hearing american politicians is even worse. they fall between idiots like bush- constantly and totally in denial, and opportunists who want to use the war and ensuing chaos to promote themselves. the latest horror is the study published in the lancet journal concluding that over 600,000 iraqis have been killed since the war. reading about it left me with mixed feelings. on the one hand, it sounded like a reasonable figure. it wasn't at all surprising. on the other hand, i so wanted it to be wrong. but... who to believe? who to believe....? american politicians... or highly reputable scientists using a reliable scientific survey technique? the responses were typical- war supporters said the number was nonsense because, of course, who would want to admit that an action they so heartily supported led to the deaths of 600,000 people (even if they were just crazy iraqis…)? admitting a number like that would be the equivalent of admitting they had endorsed, say, a tsunami, or an earthquake with a magnitude of 9 on the richter scale, or the occupation of a developing country by a ruthless superpower… oh wait- that one actually happened. is the number really that preposterous? thousands of iraqis are dying every month- that is undeniable. and yes, they are dying as a direct result of the war and occupation (very few of them are actually dying of bliss, as war-supporters and puppets would have you believe). for american politicians and military personnel, playing dumb and talking about numbers of bodies in morgues and official statistics, etc, seems to be the latest tactic. but as any iraqi knows, not every death is being reported. as for getting reliable numbers from the ministry of health or any other official iraqi institution, that's about as probable as getting a coherent, grammatically correct sentence from george bush- especially after the ministry was banned from giving out correct mortality numbers. so far, the only iraqis i know pretending this number is outrageous are either out-of-touch iraqis abroad who supported the war, or iraqis inside of the country who are directly benefiting from the occupation ($) and likely living in the green zone. the chaos and lack of proper facilities is resulting in people being buried without a trip to the morgue or the hospital. during american military attacks on cities like samarra and fallujah, victims were buried in their gardens or in mass graves in football fields. or has that been forgotten already? we literally do not know a single iraqi family that has not seen the violent death of a first or second-degree relative these last three years. abductions, militias, sectarian violence, revenge killings, assassinations, car-bombs, suicide bombers, american military strikes, iraqi military raids, death squads, extremists, armed robberies, executions, detentions, secret prisons, torture, mysterious weapons – with so many different ways to die, is the number so far fetched?there are iraqi women who have not shed their black mourning robes since 2003 because each time the end of the proper mourning period comes around, some other relative dies and the countdown begins once again. let's pretend the 600,000+ number is all wrong and that the minimum is the correct number: nearly 400,000. is that better? prior to the war, the bush administration kept claiming that saddam killed 300,000 iraqis over 24 years. after this latest report published in the lancet, 300,000 is looking quite modest and tame. congratulations bush et al. everyone knows the 'official numbers' about iraqi deaths as a direct result of the war and occupation are far less than reality (yes- even you war hawks know this, in your minuscule heart of hearts). this latest report is probably closer to the truth than anything that's been published yet. and what about american military deaths? when will someone do a study on the actual number of those? if the bush administration is lying so vehemently about the number of dead iraqis, one can only imagine the extent of lying about dead americans… 


     - posted by river @ 11:35 pm


saturday, august 05, 2006

 

      summer of goodbyes...
residents of baghdad are systematically being pushed out of the city. some families are waking up to find a klashnikov bullet and a letter in an envelope with the words “leave your area or else.” the culprits behind these attacks and threats are sadr’s followers- mahdi army. it’s general knowledge, although no one dares say it out loud. in the last month we’ve had two different families staying with us in our house, after having to leave their neighborhoods due to death threats and attacks. it’s not just sunnis- it’s shia, arabs, kurds- most of the middle-class areas are being targeted by militias.other areas are being overrun by armed islamists. the americans have absolutely no control in these areas. or maybe they simply don’t want to control the areas because when there’s a clash between sadr’s militia and another militia in a residential neighborhood, they surround the area and watch things happen.since the beginning of july, the men in our area have been patrolling the streets. some of them patrol the rooftops and others sit quietly by the homemade road blocks we have on the major roads leading into the area. you cannot in any way rely on americans or the government. you can only hope your family and friends will remain alive- not safe, not secure- just alive. that’s good enough.for me, june marked the first month i don’t dare leave the house without a hijab, or headscarf. i don’t wear a hijab usually, but it’s no longer possible to drive around baghdad without one. it’s just not a good idea. (take note that when i say ‘drive’ i actually mean ‘sit in the back seat of the car’- i haven’t driven for the longest time.) going around bare-headed in a car or in the street also puts the family members with you in danger. you risk hearing something you don’t want to hear and then the father or the brother or cousin or uncle can’t just sit by and let it happen. i haven’t driven for the longest time. if you’re a female, you risk being attacked.i look at my older clothes- the jeans and t-shirts and colorful skirts- and it’s like i’m studying a wardrobe from another country, another lifetime. there was a time, a couple of years ago, when you could more or less wear what you wanted if you weren’t going to a public place. if you were going to a friends or relatives house, you could wear trousers and a shirt, or jeans, something you wouldn’t ordinarily wear. we don’t do that anymore because there’s always that risk of getting stopped in the car and checked by one militia or another.there are no laws that say we have to wear a hijab (yet), but there are the men in head-to-toe black and the turbans, the extremists and fanatics who were liberated by the occupation, and at some point, you tire of the defiance. you no longer want to be seen. i feel like the black or white scarf i fling haphazardly on my head as i walk out the door makes me invisible to a certain degree- it’s easier to blend in with the masses shrouded in black. if you’re a female, you don’t want the attention- you don’t want it from iraqi police, you don’t want it from the black-clad militia man, you don’t want it from the american soldier. you don’t want to be noticed or seen.i have nothing against the hijab, of course, as long as it is being worn by choice. many of my relatives and friends wear a headscarf. most of them began wearing it after the war. it started out as a way to avoid trouble and undue attention, and now they just keep it on because it makes no sense to take it off. what is happening to the country?i realized how common it had become only in mid-july when m., a childhood friend, came to say goodbye before leaving the country. she walked into the house, complaining of the heat and the roads, her brother following closely behind. it took me to the end of the visit for the peculiarity of the situation to hit me. she was getting ready to leave before the sun set, and she picked up the beige headscarf folded neatly by her side. as she told me about one of her neighbors being shot, she opened up the scarf with a flourish, set it on her head like a pro, and pinned it snuggly under her chin with the precision of a seasoned hijab-wearer. all this without a mirror- like she had done it a hundred times over… which would be fine, except that m. is christian.if m. can wear one quietly- so can i.i’ve said goodbye this last month to more people than i can count. some of the ‘goodbyes’ were hurried and furtive- the sort you say at night to the neighbor who got a death threat and is leaving at the break of dawn, quietly.some of the ‘goodbyes’ were emotional and long-drawn, to the relatives and friends who can no longer bear to live in a country coming apart at the seams.many of the ‘goodbyes’ were said stoically- almost casually- with a fake smile plastered on the face and the words, “see you soon”… only to walk out the door and want to collapse with the burden of parting with yet another loved one.during times like these i remember a speech bush made in 2003: one of the big achievements he claimed was the return of jubilant ‘exiled’ iraqis to their country after the fall of saddam. i’d like to see some numbers about the iraqis currently outside of the country you are occupying… not to mention internally displaced iraqis abandoning their homes and cities.i sometimes wonder if we’ll ever know just how many hundreds of thousands of iraqis left the country this bleak summer. i wonder how many of them will actually return. where will they go? what will they do with themselves? is it time to follow? is it time to wash our hands of the country and try to find a stable life somewhere else?


     - posted by river @ 12:38 am


sunday, july 30, 2006

 

      qana massacre...
although the sun is blinding this time of year in our part of the world, the middle east is seeing some of its darkest days…i woke up this morning to scenes of carnage and destruction on the television and for the briefest of moments, i thought it was footage of iraq. it took me a few seconds to realize it was actually qana in lebanon. the latest village to see israeli air strikes. the images were beyond gruesome- body parts and corpses being hauled out from under tons of debris. wailing relatives and friends, searching for loved ones… so far, according to humanitarian organizations, 34 were children. they killed them while they were sleeping inside their bomb shelters- much like the amriya shelter massacre in 1991.we saw the corpses of the children on television, lifeless and twisted grotesquely, what remained of their faces frozen in expressions of pain and shock. i just sat there and cried in front of the television. i didn’t know i could still feel that sort of sorrow towards what has become a daily reality for iraqis.  it’s not iraq but it might as well be: it’s civilians under lethal attack; it’s a country fighting occupation.i’m so frustrated i can’t think straight. i’m full of rage against israel, the us, britain, iran and most of europe. the world is going to go to hell for standing by and allowing the massacre of innocents. for god’s sake, 34 children??? the un is beyond useless. they’ve gone from a union of nations working for the good of the world (if they ever were even that), to a bunch of gravediggers. they’re only good for digging mangled bodies out of the ruins of buildings and helping to identify and put them into mass graves. they won’t stop a massacre- they won’t even speak out against it- they’ll just come by and help clean up the mess. are the lives of arabs worth so little? if this had happened in the us or uk or france or china, somebody would already have dropped a nuclear bomb… how is this happening?where is the security council??? why haven’t they stopped israel? ehud olmert recently told condi that he needs 10 to 14 more days of bloodshed-  and nothing is being done about it! where are the useless arab leaders? can’t the pro-american, spineless emirs crawl out of their gold palaces long enough to condemn this taking of lives? our presidents/leaders are only as influential as their oil barrels are deep.and the world wonders how ‘terrorists’ are created! a 15-year-old lebanese girl lost five of her siblings and her parents and home in the qana bombing… ehud olmert might as well kill her now because if he thinks she’s going to grow up with anything but hate in her heart towards him and everything he represents, then he’s delusional.is this whole debacle the fine line between terrorism and protecting ones nation? if it’s a militia, insurgent or military resistance- then it’s terrorism (unless of course the militia, insurgent(s) and/or resistance are being funded exclusively by the cia). if it’s the israeli, american or british army, then it’s a pre-emptive strike, or a ‘war on terror’. no matter the loss of hundreds of innocent lives. no matter the children who died last night- they’re only arabs, after all, right?right? 


     - posted by river @ 10:16 pm


tuesday, july 11, 2006

 

      atrocities...
it promises to be a long summer. we're almost at the mid-way point, but it feels like the days are just crawling by. it's a combination of the heat, the flies, the hours upon hours of no electricity and the corpses which keep appearing everywhere.the day before yesterday was catastrophic. the day began with news of the killings in jihad quarter. according to people who live there, black-clad militiamen drove in mid-morning and opened fire on people in the streets and even in houses. they began pulling people off the street and checking their id cards to see if they had sunni names or shia names and then the sunnis were driven away and killed. some were executed right there in the area. the media is playing it down and claiming 37 dead but the people in the area say the number is nearer 60.the horrific thing about the killings is that the area had been cut off for nearly two weeks by ministry of interior security forces and americans. last week, a car bomb was set off in front of a 'sunni' mosque people in the area visit. the night before the massacre, a car bomb exploded in front of a shia husseiniya in the same area. the next day was full of screaming and shooting and death for the people in the area. no one is quite sure why the americans and the ministry of interior didn't respond immediately. they just sat by, on the outskirts of the area, and let the massacre happen.at nearly 2 pm, we received some terrible news. we lost a good friend in the killings. t. was a 26-year-old civil engineer who worked with a group of friends in a consultancy bureau in jadriya. the last time i saw him was a week ago. he had stopped by the house to tell us his sister was engaged and he'd brought along with him pictures of latest project he was working on- a half-collapsed school building outside of baghdad.he usually left the house at 7 am to avoid the morning traffic jams and the heat. yesterday, he decided to stay at home because he'd promised his mother he would bring abu kamal by the house to fix the generator which had suddenly died on them the night before. his parents say that t. was making his way out of the area on foot when the attack occurred and he got two bullets to the head. his brother could only identify him by the blood-stained t-shirt he was wearing.people are staying in their homes in the area and no one dares enter it so the wakes for the people who were massacred haven't begun yet. i haven't seen his family yet and i'm not sure i have the courage or the energy to give condolences. i feel like i've given the traditional words of condolences a thousand times these last few months, "baqiya ib hayatkum… akhir il ahzan…" or "may this be the last of your sorrows." except they are empty words because even as we say them, we know that in today's iraq any sorrow- no matter how great- will not be the last.there was also an attack yesterday on ghazaliya though we haven't heard what the casualties are. people are saying it's sadr's militia, the mahdi army, behind the killings. the news the world hears about iraq and the situation in the country itself are wholly different. people are being driven out of their homes and areas by force and killed in the streets, and the americans, iranians and the puppets talk of national conferences and progress.it's like baghdad is no longer one city, it's a dozen different smaller cities each infected with its own form of violence. it's gotten so that i dread sleeping because the morning always brings so much bad news. the television shows the images and the radio stations broadcast it. the newspapers show images of corpses and angry words jump out at you from their pages, "civil war… death… killing… bombing… rape…"rape. the latest of american atrocities. though it's not really the latest- it's just the one that's being publicized the most. the poor girl abeer was neither the first to be raped by american troops, nor will she be the last. the only reason this rape was brought to light and publicized is that her whole immediate family were killed along with her. rape is a taboo subject in iraq. families don't report rapes here, they avenge them. we've been hearing whisperings about rapes in american-controlled prisons and during sieges of towns like haditha and samarra for the last three years. the naiveté of americans who can't believe their 'heroes' are committing such atrocities is ridiculous. who ever heard of an occupying army committing rape??? you raped the country, why not the people?in the news they're estimating her age to be around 24, but iraqis from the area say she was only 14. fourteen. imagine your 14-year-old sister or your 14-year-old daughter. imagine her being gang-raped by a group of psychopaths and then the girl was killed and her body burned to cover up the rape. finally, her parents and her five-year-old sister were also killed. hail the american heroes... raise your heads high supporters of the 'liberation' - your troops have made you proud today. i don't believe the troops should be tried in american courts. i believe they should be handed over to the people in the area and only then will justice be properly served. and our ass of a pm, nouri al-maliki, is requesting an 'independent investigation', ensconced safely in his american guarded compound because it wasn't his daughter or sister who was raped, probably tortured and killed. his family is abroad safe from the hands of furious iraqis and psychotic american troops.it fills me with rage to hear about it and read about it. the pity i once had for foreign troops in iraq is gone. it's been eradicated by the atrocities in abu ghraib, the deaths in haditha and the latest news of rapes and killings. i look at them in their armored vehicles and to be honest- i can't bring myself to care whether they are 19 or 39. i can't bring myself to care if they make it back home alive. i can't bring myself to care anymore about the wife or parents or children they left behind. i can't bring myself to care because it's difficult to see beyond the horrors. i look at them and wonder just how many innocents they killed and how many more they'll kill before they go home. how many more young iraqi girls will they rape?why don't the americans just go home? they've done enough damage and we hear talk of how things will fall apart in iraq if they 'cut and run', but the fact is that they aren't doing anything right now. how much worse can it get? people are being killed in the streets and in their own homes- what's being done about it? nothing. it's convenient for them- iraqis can kill each other and they can sit by and watch the bloodshed- unless they want to join in with murder and rape.buses, planes and taxis leaving the country for syria and jordan are booked solid until the end of the summer. people are picking up and leaving en masse and most of them are planning to remain outside of the country. life here has become unbearable because it's no longer a 'life' like people live abroad. it's simply a matter of survival, making it from one day to the next in one piece and coping with the loss of loved ones and friends- friends like t.it's difficult to believe t. is really gone… i was checking my email today and i saw three unopened emails from him in my inbox. for one wild, heart-stopping moment i thought he was alive. t. was alive and it was all some horrific mistake! i let myself ride the wave of giddy disbelief for a few precious seconds before i came crashing down as my eyes caught the date on the emails- he had sent them the night before he was killed. one email was a collection of jokes, the other was an assortment of cat pictures, and the third was a poem in arabic about iraq under american occupation. he had highlighted a few lines describing the beauty of baghdad in spite of the war… and while i always thought baghdad was one of the more marvelous cities in the world, i'm finding it very difficult this moment to see any beauty in a city stained with the blood of t. and so many other innocents… 


     - posted by river @ 11:43 pm


saturday, june 10, 2006

 

      zarqawi...
so 'zarqawi' is finally dead. it was an interesting piece of news that greeted us yesterday morning (or was it the day before? i've lost track of time…). i didn't bother with the pictures and film they showed of him because i, personally, have been saturated with images of broken, bleeding bodies.the reactions have been different. there's a general consensus amongst family and friends that he won't be missed, whoever he is. there is also doubt- who was he really? did he even exist? was he truly the huge terror the americans made him out to be? when did he actually die? people swear he was dead back in 2003… the timing is extremely suspicious: just when people were getting really fed up with the useless iraqi government, zarqawi is killed and maliki is hailed the victorious leader of the occupied world! (and no- iraqis aren't celebrating in the streets- worries over electricity, water, death squads, tests, corpses and extremists in high places prevail right now.)i've been listening to reactions- mostly from pro-war politicians and the naïveté they reveal is astounding. maliki (the current iraqi pm) was almost giddy as he made the news public (he had even gone the extra mile and shaved!). do they really believe it will end the resistance against occupation? as long as foreign troops are in iraq, resistance or 'insurgency' will continue- why is that so difficult to understand? how is that concept a foreign one?"a new day for iraqis" is the current theme of the iraqi puppet government and the americans. like it was "a new day for iraqis" on april 9, 2003 . and it was "a new day for iraqis" when they killed oday and qusay. another "new day for iraqis" when they caught saddam. more "new day" when they drafted the constitution… i'm beginning to think it's like one of those questions they give you on iq tests: if 'new' is equal to 'more' and 'day' is equal to 'suffering', what does "new day for iraqis" mean?how do i feel? to hell with zarqawi (or zayrkawi as bush calls him). he was an american creation- he came along with them- they don't need him anymore, apparently. his influence was greatly exaggerated but he was the justification for every single family they killed through military strikes and troops. it was wmd at first, then it was saddam, then it was zarqawi. who will it be now? who will be the new excuse for killing and detaining iraqis? or is it that an excuse is no longer needed- they have freedom to do what they want. the slaughter in haditha months ago proved that. "they don't need him anymore," our elderly neighbor waved the news away like he was shooing flies, "they have fifty zarqawis in government."so now that zarqawi is dead, and because according to bush and our iraqi puppets he was behind so much of iraq's misery- things should get better, right? the car bombs should lessen, the ethnic cleansing will come to a halt, military strikes and sieges will die down… that's what we were promised, wasn't it? that sounds good to me. now- who do they have to kill to stop the ministry of interior death squads, and trigger-happy foreign troops? 


     - posted by river @ 12:47 am


tuesday, june 06, 2006

 

      bad day...
it’s been a horrible day. we woke up to unbearable heat. our area averages about 4 hours electricity daily and the rest is generator electricity, which means we can use our ceiling fans, but there’s no way we can use air conditioners.we woke up to an ominous silence- an indicator that the generator isn’t working. e. went next door to check and got a confirmation. it might not work all day. the neighbor responsible for it was going to bring by the ‘generator doctor’ as soon as he was free.the electricity came at 6 pm for only twenty minutes- as if to taunt us. the moment the lights flickered on, we were gathered in the kitchen and we could hear the neighborhood children began to hoot and holler with joy.before that, we heard the news about the dozens abducted from the salhiya area in baghdad. salhiya is a busy area where many travel agencies have offices. it has been particularly busy since the war because people who want to leave to jordan and syria all make their reservations from one office or another in that area.according to people working and living in the area, around 15 police cars pulled up to the area and uniformed men began pulling civilians off the streets and from cars, throwing bags over their heads and herding them into the cars. anyone who tried to object was either beaten or pulled into a car. the total number of people taken away is estimated to be around 50.this has been happening all over iraq- mysterious men from the ministry of interior rounding up civilians and taking them away. it just hasn’t happened with this many people at once. the disturbing thing is that the iraqi ministry of interior has denied that it had anything to do with this latest mass detention (which is the new trend with them- why get tangled up with human rights organizations about mass detentions, torture and assassinations- just deny it happened!). that isn’t a good sign- it means these people will probably be discovered dead in a matter of days. we pray they’ll be returned alive…another piece of particularly bad news came later during the day. several students riding a bus to school were assassinated in dora area. no one knows why- it isn’t clear. were they sunni? were they shia? most likely they were a mix… heading off for their end-of-year examination- having stayed up the night before to study in the heat. when they left their houses, they were probably only worried about whether they’d pass or fail- their parents sending them off with words of encouragement and prayer. now they’ll never come home.there’s an ethnic cleansing in progress and it’s impossible to deny. people are being killed according to their id card. extremists on both sides are making life impossible. some of them work for ‘zarqawi’, and the others work for the iraqi ministry of interior. we hear about shia being killed in the ‘sunni triangle’ and corpses of sunnis named ‘omar’ (a sunni name) arriving by the dozen at the baghdad morgue. i never thought i’d actually miss the car bombs. at least a car bomb is indiscriminate. it doesn’t seek you out because you’re sunni or shia.we still don’t have ministers in the key ministries- defense and interior. iraq is falling apart and maliki and his team are still bickering over who should get more power- who is more qualified to oppress iraqis with the help of foreign occupiers? on top of all of this, rumor has it that the iraqi parliament have a ‘vacation’ coming up during july and august. they’re so exhausted with the arguing, and struggling for power, they need to take a couple of months off to rest. they’ll leave their well-guarded homes behind for a couple of months, and spend some time abroad with their families (who can’t live in iraq anymore- they’re too precious for that).where does one go to avoid the death and destruction? are the americans happy with this progress? does bush still insist we’re progressing?emily dickinson wrote, “hope is a thing with feathers”. if what she wrote is true, then hope has flown far- very far- from iraq…


     - posted by river @ 2:53 am














