




      arctic shield camouflage hunting clothing, work clothing, camo hunting supplies canada
    

































what's new
hunting gear
outdoor wear
work clothing
gloves/mitts
x scent wear
hiking boots
hunting dvds
archery supplies
decoys and lures
trail cameras
wiandmills
specialties
other products










arctic shield
how it works
our clients
how to order
product faqs
deer hunts
photo gallery
outdoor tips
links page










benefits
contact us
sitemap
home page








                      camoflauge
                    



                      hunting supplies
                    



                      workwear
                    



                      boot insulators
                    



                      shooting gloves
                    



                      odor eliminators
                    



                      scent control
                    



                      arctic shield
                    



                      game lures
                    



                      roger raglin
                    



                      koenders windmills
                    




































 
    
  



 
    
  







x scent clothing will keep you warm and comfortable.
    x-static inner lining helps regulate temp and more...
  




goose, duck and turkey - we have acquired skinz as well as all your turkey, duck and goose needs.






    our hunting supplies and camouflage products include jackets,
    boot insulators, hunting coveralls and more ....
  








 
    
  





 
    
  









scent web - an environment- friendly spray string
    scented with deer lure and attractants.
  
 
    
  


deer hunts are now available. hunt for trophy deer with
    rifle, black powder or bow on our 1400 acre private deer hunting area.
  
 
    
  


hearing protection devices offer safety, protection and
    convenience without blocking important communications. shooting, aviation, industy...
  








 
    
  





 
    
  









outdoor workwear and work coveralls for the working man,
    keeping you warm on the job all day long!
  
 
    
  


back packs packs are the finest in the world,
    and made for hunting, fishing or outdoor enjoyment - our packs will hold up.
  
 
    
  


trail cameras - helps your odds in hunting and keep track
    of activity at home and business.
  








 
    
  





 
    
  









tree stands cost effective, fun and safe ways to bring your hunting to new heights
  
 
    
  


top quality, reasonably priced windmill aeration systems
    to ensure that everyone has access to clean water; be it for livestock or for household use.
  
 
    
  


waterfowl -- waterfowl products.
  








 
    
  





 
    
  









archery supplies
    - we carry a complete line of arrows and accessories including lumenok lighted bolts.
  
 
    
  


bear bangers
    provide safe and easy use of flares for both recreational and industrial use.
    protect your family and yourself: deter danger, signal for help, signal for location
  
 
    
  


illusion game call systems
    - give you the ability to create various game call tones and the knowledge to make them work.
  








 
    
  





 
    
  









ice fishing gear
    let us help keep you warm with our new line of ice fishing gear
  
 
    
  


decoys and lures
    - we have a broad range of products which aid in attracting game.
  
 
    
  


deer feeders
    - attract animals for hunting and pleasure.
  








 
    
  





 
    
  









water sports / life jackets

 
    
  


hunting & deer plots & feed  everything you need, all in one place
  
 
    
  


specials
    - see our weekly specials
  








 
    
  
 
    



 
    
  
 
    







hecs patented stealth technology. designed to help you get closer.
  
 
    
  
 
    
rain gear.keeping you dry
  
 
    
  
 
    
size chart.let us help you find your size
  






 
                            
                          



 
                              
                            



 
                            
                          




new - take a look at the new hunter's specialties product line.
                            

new - koenders windmill aeration systems.
                            

                              find out more about arctic shield and our quality products for hunting and outdoor recreation. you can find out more by visiting our x scent products and what's new pages. then have fun shopping our online catalog for hunting and recreation apparel and your favorite accessories.
                            

                              if you would like to become a dealer for arctic shield and retail our products in your hunting/outdoor recreation store or as a home based business, visit our dealer benefits page for more information.
                            



 
                            
                          


 
                            
                          












   




 


 bkk enterprises - canadian distributor
          for arctic shield outdoor wear


site 214 box 29 rr#2 dryden ontario
          canada p8n 2y5


phone: 807-937-4377 or fax 807-937-6020
          or email


or call toll free 1-866-937-4377 


 













home | new | hunting | workwear | gloves | outdoor
    wear | x scent
    wear | game
    lures | order
    info | benefits | contact | gallery

 


