south african safari tours - east africa tour packages - safari.co.za homekenyatanzaniabotswanamalawinamibiasouth africazambiazimbabwemapssafari planningtop ten safarisafrican safari guidegetting married in africaafrican safari tours and lodgesafrica is the ultimate wildlife safari destination. rugged landscapes, vast wilderness areas, plains filled with wildlife and the legendary "big five", fills the senses and assures you of an african safari tour of great diversity.add to this, some of the best beaches on earth and fascinating cultures, and you have an african safari holiday that cannot be matched. 
south africa wildlife safaris
these tours offer superb scenery, the big five wildlife (rhino, elephant, lion, leopard, buffalo) and luxury african safari lodges with a focus on superior service to make you feel at home in the wilds of africa. kruger national park and its surrounding private game reserves, provide an excellent south africa safari. 
tempting tanzania safari tours
experience the dawn of creation exploring ngorongoro crater. see the legendary serengeti migration safaris and mount kilimanjaro, africa's highest peak, on selected safaris to tanzania. this ultimate africa safari destination of spectacular scenery and incredibly abundant wildlife will enchant you. end your safari on the exotic spice island of zanzibar.

kenya - home of the african safariwitness the masai mara from a hot-air balloon. the flat open plains make it easy to spot the great herds of wildlife, making this remarkable kenya safari spectacle all the more breath-taking. explore the mixture of kenya's snow covered peaks, pristine white beaches, lakes and fantastic wildlife. see for yourself where the word "safari" originated. 
victoria falls safaris and tours
the mighty majesty of the victoria falls will take your breath away. lodging options are situated on both the zimbabwe and zambia side of the falls. victoria falls safaris offer both sublime relaxation including sunsets cruise on the zambezi river or adrenaline adventure activities like white river rafting and bungee jumping.

botswana - for the african safari connoisseurfor the "ultimate safari connoisseur", whether you want to stay in luxury or you are the rugged adventurer, you will discover the trip just for you. no african safari in botswana is complete without seeing the spectacular waterways of the okavango delta and the majestic elephants of chobe national park.

namibia dunes and wildlife safari toursself-drive tours are offered for the do-it-yourself explorer, with a 4-wheel drive (yours or hired), who has several days to spare. shorter fly-in tours enable you to explore namibia and its wildlife extensively, in a relatively short time. your namibia safari should include a visit to the etosha national park, the sossusvlei dunes and spectacular fish river canyon. 
zambia - south luangwa safaris
home of the bush walking safari, which is ideal for the active nature-lover. witness spectacular wildlife in breathtaking scenery at south luangwa and kafue national park. end your trip with a stay-over at victoria falls on the mighty zambezi river where you can sight-see or participate in real adrenalin-rush activities.

malawi bush and beach holidaysmalawi offers something unique - a wildlife safari combined with all that lake malawi has to offer - from snorkeling, diving, canoeing and fishing to just swimming in the crystal clear waters while the colourful cichlid fish surround you. top malawi safari wildlife areas include majete wildlfe reserve and liwonde national park.customised. tailor-made. flexible. bespoke.these african safari vacation packages are flexible - choose between fly-in, mobile, self-drive or luxury lodge safaris. all are different, all are excellent for game viewing with abundant wildlife and many exciting ways to enjoy it. special interest safari activities range from walking safaris and canoe safaris to horse-back and elephant-back safaris, as well as including beach and diving excursions. photographic expeditions and participating in veterinary safari operations are even more exclusive.what to budget for a safari in africa?affordability is in the mind of the beholder and the value of desired experiences is a personal matter.because africa is such a diverse and varied destination, there is no easy answer. camping is cheaper than staying in a luxury safari lodge, except when you are heading into remote areas - and then transport logistics costs come into play. if you are pressed for time, and wish to cover just the highlights, a light air charter is the answer. a bit pricey perhaps, but then you are getting what you want.certain mobile african safaris operate on a scheduled departure basis at a fixed cost, while fly-in safaris or tailor-made safaris are planned specifically to meet your own personal budget and needs.get all the travel advice you needour travel experts will guide you through the many safari destinations within africa and help you decide on the best options for your african safari tour. siyabona africa safari experts are here to assist in planning the african safari of your dreams. let us help you start planning. next - contact usafrica mapsview safari maps of africatoggle navigationenquire(current)  contact us         south and east african safaris  customer support tel: +27 21 424 1037 fax: +27 21 424 1036 contact by mail business hours mon - fri. 08:00 - 17:00 saturday. 08:00 - 12:00 booking reservations and bookings booking conditions visa and passport about siyabona africa (pty) ltd    popular safari destinations kenya safari tanzania safari botswana safari malawi safari namibia safari south africa safari zambia safari zimbabwe safari planning your african safari   siyabona popular websites kruger park botswana safari cape town hotels kenya safari holidays botswana safari tours sun city resort south africa nature reserves mozambique holidays lodges near kruger park sabi sand best south african holiday hotels timbavati private game reserve gorilla safari   ©2024 siyabona africa (pty)ltd - private tours and safari   privacy settings


