



free sewing projects, free learn to sew articles, charitable sewing, my sewing room , bridal and more



























free sewing & craft projects, learn to sew, guidelines articles, charitable projects, bridal, kids & more

















 























 


sewing education




 







find a sewing teacherguidelines for sewing


















 


free projects




 







baby & toddlerbridal sewingcharitable sewingdolls, toys, gamesfashion sewingfun projectshome decorjewelrykids projectsmen's sewingpetspillow projectspurses, bags, totesquilt projectsteen projects









 


holiday projects




 







christmas & winterhalloweenthanksgivingother holidays


















features




 







my sewing/craft roomsew-lutions blog


















miscellaneous




 







advertise with uscontact usnewsletter sign-up


















shop




 







body form bookletsewing gifts









 


 


















 


sewing & craft alliance 




 


sewing.orgnationalsewingmonth.orgtrainedsewinginstructor.comsewtrendy.com 































welcome to sewing.org


 




 


                                                         we're getting a makeover! our new site is coming.sewing.org has free sew, quilt and craft projects, learn to sew articles, the sew-lutions blog, guidelines education articles and  my sewing and craft room — a place to share your creative space! don’t forget to sign up for our newsletter to receive notice of our monthly updates... and a great sewing article too!
winter project ideas

fleece chinese slippers for baby
fur muff
fleece hat & scarf for kids



 




 


 




my sewing & craft room
laurie guidry had a surprise when she returned home from sewing school. her niece had given her an extreme sewing room makeover!


 




 


 




 


 




sewing
                                                            





visit the guidelines  page for all download  files 











                                                            guidelines
20.225 multiple hole footif you love working with tiny trims, funyarns and specialty threads, chances aregood you'll enjoy working with a multi-holepresser foot.
see all of the guidelines
guidelines are one- and two-page educational articles in pdf format. view the entire catalog of guidelines — they’re your guide to successful sewing!


 




 


 




about sewing.org
sewing.org is part of the sewing & craft alliance (sca). sca provides education and creative resources to the sewing and craft enthusiast. you can visit our complete line-up of websites at:


nationalsewingmonth.org
trainedsewinginstructor.com
pure whimsy giftables




 




 


 




 



















make your own body  form
learn more or buy now




 





 





 













copy it! duplicate your favorite clothes








































www.sewing.orgprivacy policy |  copyright, reprint, linking
 
















