



excluded income, eliminated items, how to determine taxable income, specific sources, exempt income, eliminated income, deductions, specific guidance, and many other tax code search-term results -- whatistaxed.com































































































 




 
bookmark this site.
add to favorites. 
find it again quickly.
post it
 
 












what 
          ?


the us tax code and the code of federal 
            regulations show that income for most americans is "excluded, or 
            eliminated for federal income tax purposes." you can easily see 
            this with a computer because the income tax has been codified.

 download 26-cfr:
            * orig. source: gpo

search options


text/html 
            version (a repaired copy of the broken original from the gpo, the 
            most accurate, search it on your computer).
pdf 
            version (easy to search, compiled into one file).
gpo ecfr 
            don't download anything. instead, search the ecfr (the most user-friendly, 
            online search tool available from us government source). 
or compile your own copy of 26-cfr (we'll tell you 
            how to make a complete copy of all sections from the gpo, 
            something even they didn't bother to do until late 2004 [2005]... 
            not fun, but possible).

 see how 
            to search












  
not sure what this website is about? 
see a plain and simple diagram...
 
 
want to show others the law? 
                  link to us.
				 

banners for your 
                  blog or website 
 



"the hardest thing in the world to understand is income 
                  tax." 
                  -einstein
wrong! tax is easy. 
				  see: pdf - tax law 
 
do yourself 
                  a favor, don't be so trusting, use open source software...

1. get a safer web browser 




2. prevent viruses & junk mail. get thunderbird.


3. get openoffice. you 
                  can still use, & save word docs, excel sheets, & powerpoint 
                  files. 


4. get an open source, 
                  gnu-linux 
                  operating system.
protect your privacy from others 
 test drive linux, without installing.

                  >try a livecd 
                  first 

                  *not all printers are supported in linux. next time you run 
                  out of ink, get 
                  one.
recommended gnu-linux for 
                  new users:
ubuntu
fedora
livecds for new users:
knoppix
ubuntu livecd
small livecds:
slax
damn small linux
puppy linux
there are dozens of gnu-linux os, try a 
                  few livecds. 
                  1. download iso file.
                  2. burn 'image' to disk.
                  3. insert cd or dvd.
                  4. reboot.
                  5. try linux.
                  6. remove cd and reboot again to return to your os.
see how 
                  to burn iso
free 
                  iso burners

 
did you know the income 
                  tax/money scam has been made into a movie? 
aaron 
                  russo, who made the movies "the rose" with bette 
                  midler, and "trading places" with eddie murphy, made 
                  a movie that exposes the politicians and their income tax fraud.
you can watch this movie free on youtube  
                  video. 

 
download posters


 
what 
                  is taxed?
download t-shirt templates


* save   pdf images then upload to vistaprint.com to make your own high-quality short or long sleeve t-shirts.


















 have you searched tax law for exempt or excluded income?










 
 






 ignorance is no excuse, right? locate the "code" before you judge. its not hard, its your duty. 


search with ecfr.gov - u.s. government publishing office 
click simple search on their left-side menu
enter title 26, search for...        


 exempt income means  -  sec. 861
 excluded income -  sec. 861, (1st  occurrence in statutes or regs)
 eliminated income - sec. 861 
 eliminated items - sec. 861
 eliminated for federal income tax -  sec. 861
 income that is exempt or excluded -  sec. 861
 gross income may include excluded income -  sec. 861
 exempt, excluded, or eliminated -  sec. 861 
 exempt, eliminated, or excluded income -  sec. 861
 sources of income for purposes of the income tax -  sec. 861
 specific sources - sec. 861
 specific guidance - sec. 861
 how to determine taxable income -  sec. 861 
 income that is not considered tax exempt -  sec. 861 
 allocation and apportionment of taxable income - sec. 863-2, refers to 861 
 allocation and apportionment of expenses - sec. 861 
 allocation and apportionment to exempt, excluded or eliminated income -  sec. 861
 allocation and apportionment of deductions -  sec. 861
 deductions to excluded income -  sec. 861
 “deductions”  -  sec. 861 (only result with "quotes", sec. 1.861-8(a))



 


 tax professionals?
		1. "income that is exempt" 
		2. "income that is not"		
		    a real pro would  already know where "exempt income" is legally defined.
is it ignorance of the law?
 exempt income - 
		      26 cfr 1.861-8t(d)(2)(ii)
income that is not - 
		     26 cfr 1.861-8t(d)(2)(iii)

nothing is for sale at whatistaxed.com
no products. no advice. 
		    just pure data mining.










 tax law search result










exempt income
26 cfr 1.861-8t(d)(2)(ii)
		"exempt income means any income that is ... exempt, excluded, or eliminated for federal income tax purposes."
income not exempt (taxable income)
26 cfr 1.861-8t(d)(2)(iii)
"income that is not considered tax exempt. the following items are not considered to be exempt, eliminated, or excluded income
    
		    (a) in the case of a foreign taxpayer ... gross income (whether domestic or foreign source)
		    (b) gross income of a disc or a fsc; [domestic international sales corp, foreign sales corp]
		    (c) gross income of a possessions corporation
		    (d) foreign earned income as defined in section 911"
source: u.s. government publishing office, ecfr.gov



					coincidence? notice, all of the basics, including the codified, legal definition of exempt income are prescribed by law in section 861. 
		  frivolous?
 
 
fact: us  laws, including  statutes and regulations, are "codified". as with all  code they are digitally precise. 
according to  gpo, "the federal government's official, digital, secure resource"...

 only foreigners,  three specific types of corporations, and those making "foreign earned income" can have any taxable income.

 all  income  is "exempt, excluded, or eliminated for federal income tax purposes" except income not exempt.

do you make "foreign earned income"? are you a "foreign taxpayer"? no? according to legal, codified definition of "exempt income", the majority of americans do not owe any income tax!
 
other code search options:

search with your operating system. download our source, or government source. see how to search 
  google it 

 









 have you searched google for legal definition of "exempt income"? 









 
		  
 
try it now, click search. or, check google for "exempt income means" (use quotes) 





 







 









 google search result is ... 861









 
	      google says exempt income is defined by law* in section 1.861-8t computation of taxable income from sources...  
*sec. 861-8t is first result of a statute or regulation listed among other included results. 
 
fact: google  and government  search engines agree 
 according to both the u.s. government publishing office and google, sec. 861 prescribes legal definition for exempt income. regulation 861 is  first gpo "code" result produced by google (currently 2nd and 5th overall result on page 1). section 861 is the same result produced by gpo's own search engine, ecfr, showing both google and us government search engines agree - section 861 prescribes the codified, legal definition of "exempt income". 
following images  are from google's now defunct uncle sam search engine. these images also display a previous version of ecfr.gov. but even today, gpo site links are still found on first page of google search results.          
click image or link to enlarge. 


 1. the electronic cfr 
 
 2. regulation  = sec. 861-8t

 3. actual  u.s. income tax law


source: google's uncle sam. january 2010. 
section 861-8t was  first result according to 'uncle sam', because uncle sam only searched government documents.
now search google for...
	          (include quotes where shown)		      

ecfr "how to determine taxable income"
regulation "excluded income" 
"the sources of income for purposes of the income tax" (look for results from ecfr.gov) 
"income that is exempt or excluded"

 
 
 
 why search regulations? 
  according to irs...


"federal tax law begins with the internal revenue code ... (26 usc)" 
http://www.irs.gov/taxpros/article/0,,id=98137,00.html#irc
"federal tax regulations--pick up where the internal revenue code leaves off"  (26 cfr) 
http://www.irs.gov/taxpros/article/0,,id=98137,00.html#26cfr
"the service is bound by the regulations."
internal 
                  revenue manual, 4.10.7.2.3.4


 
 
 
 
 why section 861? 
"income that is not ... exempt"  "exempt, excluded, or eliminated" 
  everything has a scope. the scope for the income tax is defined (the border line is drawn) between section 861-8t(d)(2)(ii) and (iii) 

		    notice, "proof" of sec. 861 is  found in  the search results  listed above, which were all were placed by lawmakers in just one section, sec. 861. 
 
 
 
 
what's the big deal? 











 
		  according to the "code", only "foreign earned income" is taxable, which means we are being scammed (i.e. defrauded by politicians. surprise, surprise.)









 
 
here is the  map for  u.s. income tax law, as it is actually codified.
 
fact:  only "foreign earned income" is taxable income. poor einstein didn't have a computer. 
what's your excuse?  
 
 
 
 
now search "normal" google





 

http://google.com         (click search button)





 result: 



			    *google search result - january 2010
note:
			      this search result was produced before the searched text was placed on this page. 
 
 
  also google  ... 

income that is exempt or excluded
                  notice, the first google result for a code section of law is 26cfr1.861-8t(d)(2).


"eliminated income" code section
                  currently, first code section of law for "eliminated income" can still be found on first page of results.


"excluded income" code section
			      now moved to 3rd page of google results.

 
google also used to include simply "excluded income" and "eliminated income" in their results, but no longer. 
it would seem  that google is hiding legal definitions, especially since they've stopped their uncle sam search engine from educating america's tax professionals. 
 
tax professional? 
it doesn't take a computer scientist to search tax code for "excluded income" (ecfr.gpoaccess.gov). 
is it just ignorance? or do you love easy money?
 


frivolous? 
	      judges say section 861 is frivolous, regardless of   their own computer-precise results (excluded income, etc). they say, if you follow the tax laws written in  section 861, you're making a 
		      frivolous argument and must be fined, and then imprisoned. 
honestly, "your honor"? ... punishing people 
		  for actually following the law? 
there is no need to pretend  "tax code" is harder than it really is, because "excluded income" occurs for the very first time (within all  tax law, usc or cfr) in  section 861. and, among thousands of sections,   only  one section of u.s. law has "codified" instructions for "how to determine taxable income" ...section 861. frivolous? or just a simple fact? 
 
   stop ignoring regulations
judge, 
		    according to tax "code", regulations  cannot be avoided - including section 861.
a. "taxable income from sources within united states" - 26usc861
b. "gross income from sources within united states" - 26usc861
	

c. 
"deductions ... shall be allocated ... under regulations" - 26usc863
 
source: gpo http://www.gpoaccess.gov/uscode/search.html
notice, "deductions" are missing from 26usc861, because they "shall" be allocated "under regulations". 
 
 
  

"honor"?
 do you even know where "exempt income" is  codified (legally defined)?
have  you  considered...
1. "income that is not considered tax exempt"
		      2. "excluded income"
		      3. "specific sources"
fact:
lawmakers do not read  the laws they pass, and, clearly, neither do judges.   
                be professional - have some "honor". use your computer and search the code! judge, you swore an oath. follow the law. it's  written. it's your duty. it's your job. it is why we pay you.
law is codified, and code doesn't lie. ignorance of the law is no longer acceptable for so-called tax "experts" & "professionals".



  aren't exclusive, one-time code instructions applicable to everyone?

"how to determine taxable income"
"the sources of income for purposes of the income tax"
"deductions to excluded income"
"exempt, eliminated, or excluded income"
source: http://ecfr.gpoaccess.gov 

what  do think your computer (i.e. tax software) would produce if given the actual tax "code" instructions, instead of the fraudulent results produced by all tax software available today? all tax software is fraudulent, if it ignores the legal definition of "exempt income". notice, these code instructions cannot be  confused  with other instructions, because ...they're exclusive. they exist in only one location, sec. 861. 
 
 
 

 judge?  tax professional? ... taxpayer? can an expert really be called "expert" but not   even know where 
		"exempt income" is legally defined  (codified, i.e. actually written)?  is a judge    qualified to  judge a tax case,  and remain ignorant of "excluded income"?
is it "professional" for tax professionals to handle our hard-earned money without  the basic knowledge of their chosen profession, e.g. "eliminated income" and "eliminated items"? ... not to mention, the  rules for allocation and apportionment of deductions? 
whom are you serving? 
don't accept     your ignorance!  it's a duty to know the law.  search  the official source: 
                    u.s. government printing office
http://ecfr.gpoaccess.gov 
 
 
 
 print this ... and show  it to your "tax professional". (source: gpo 2004)
tax law is very easy. so easy that everything most americans need to know about u.s. income taxes fits on just one page. law is codified, and code doesn't lie. 
 
 
 
want to learn more about government income tax fraud?



		    data mining code

simple diagram

legal definitions

whistle blowers

solution


 
 











 
attention researchers
 if any link has disappeared, try to copy and 
                  paste the link address at http://www.archive.org 
                  
-- disclaimer -- 
the intended purpose of this website, whatistaxed.com, 
                  is to data mine with a computer the internal revenue code, and 
                  the code of federal regulations, title 26, for the "codes" (e.g. 
                  taxable income, gross income, excluded income, eliminated income, 
                  exempt income, deductions, allocation, apportionment, etc), 
                  for rules, and instructions, for determining income tax. the 
                  results have been published throughout this website. it should 
                  be evident these search methods may be applied to any title 
                  of law, or large volume of text, and in any country that 
                  has codified laws and rules. see how to search.
nothing is for sale at whatistaxed.com. 
                  information posted at whatistaxed.com should not be 
                  considered legal advice and is solely for educational purposes. 
                  the reader should not rely on information provided herein to 
                  determine tax.
do not accept this 
                  website as tax advice.

                  whatistaxed.com is only tax research from data mining tax 
                  law.
to contribute  - see how to search, and contact 
                  us.
we do not sell, promote, or advise anything, 
                  but data-mining, searching, and reading tax code with the only 
                  appropriate code tool ... your computer.

we do find every occurrence of a particular 
                  code-term to establish precisely what is written, and what is 
                  not written in tax law. when we say, no other rule 
                  or statute exists - for example, regarding excluded 
                  income, we show you how many files contain this important 
                  code term, and how we searched for it with a computer. you can 
                  easily verify any of the laws, rules, or code-terms in question, 
                  and you should verify every result because it is your duty 
                  to know and follow the law. ignorance is no excuse.
 you are 
                  responsible for doing your taxes.   
questions: if you have questions, try asking 
                  your congressperson or senator.
 
                  ask your lawmaker to explain these sec. 861 search 
                  results ...

"eliminated income" - sec. 1.861-8(d), 1.861-8(d)(2), 
                    1.861-8t(d)(2)
"excluded and eliminated items of income" - sec. 
                    1.861-8t(d) 
"eliminated items" - sec. 1.861-8t(d)
"excluded income" - sec. 1.861-8 and 1.861-8t
"income that is exempt or excluded" - sec. 1.861-8t(d)(2)
"specific sources" - sec. 1.861-8(a)(1)
"specific guidance" - sec. 1.861-8(a)(1)
"how to determine taxable income" - sec. 1.861-8(a)(1)
"the rules [of sec. 1.861-8 ...] for determining 
                    taxable income" - sec. 1.863-1(c)
"exempt income ... defined" - sec. 1.861-8t(d)(2)(ii)
"income that is not considered tax exempt" [i.e. 
                    taxable income] - sec. 1.861-8t(d)(2)(iii)

                    source: http://ecfr.gov

 ask your congressman and senator ...
 
                  if "exempt income" is "defined" 
                  in sec. 861, why is sec. 861 frivolous?
find your congressperson: http://www.house.gov
                  find your senator: http://www.senate.gov
answers: if you want answers, you can try 
                  asking the press - the american 
                  media and foreign 
                  media.
 
the code of federal regulations
 when searching tax law, we pay close attention 
                  to 26 cfr...
"the official interpretation"
 "federal income tax regulations 
                  (regs) are the official treasury department interpretation of 
                  the internal revenue code" 
                  - internal 
                  revenue manual, 4.10.7.2.3.1
 "federal tax regulations pick 
                  up where the internal revunue code (irc) leaves off by providing 
                  the official interpretation of the irc" 
                  - http://www.irs.gov/taxpros/article/0,,id=98137,00.html
 the code of federal regulations are the rules, written 
                  in plain english, which both the public and the irs must follow: 
                
 "the service is bound by the 
                  regulations." 
                  - internal 
                  revenue manual, 4.10.7.2.3.4
since "the service is bound," we can be sure that 
                  we are playing by the same rules. it does not require a law 
                  degree to understand them. see how to search and search examples.
 






 
 











whatistaxed.com
 home \ data mining tax law \ taxable or exempt? \ legal definitions \ diagram \ other taxes \ in a nutshell \ who is taxed \ according to law \ videos \ summary \ irs whistleblowers \ the short tour \ search results \ a visual \ graphical view \ compare \ additional results \ examples \ analysis \  how to search \ tax regs 1913-2004 \ statutes 1986-2004 \ official response \ solution \ conclusion \ news & links \ faqs \ who would jesus tax? \ website banners \ contact us  









all data mining research contained 
          herein is copyright © 2001-2016 zolt [at] whatistaxed.com. permission 
          is hereby granted for all use, copyleft 
          © 2001-2016 zolt [at] whatistaxed.com. many logos and images 
          are owned by others and protected by copyright and/or trademark. we 
          believe their use qualifies as fair 
          use under united states copyright law.











