









journeys unlimited | serving the church through travel



















































































1-800-486-8359







followfollow






login











1-800-486-8359





login



followfollow















home
find a journey

standard tours
heritage tours
custom tours
special events
pastor aaron reynolds


lead a journey
about us
from the journey
contact















 











important message: update for travel to israel










walk the path of the biblejoin us for a life-changing experience
















explore our journeys

standard tours
heritage tours
custom tours
special events
pastor aaron reynolds
















featured journeys







 order by :
 
author
title
post id
date
random


 order  :
 
asc
desc










featured tour





































10 day egyptian golden age tour & nile cruise
dr. greg pouncey of the first baptist church of clinton dropped us a line along with some videos and pictures. they are spending their first few days in cairo before they board the h.s. radamis ii for their 4-night cruise up the nile. 
 come with us and explore five thousand years of egyptian culture, while you enjoy the luxury of the hs radamis ll with its 5 decks, deluxe accommodations, and award-winning cuisine. 



book now







why should you choose journeys unlimited
serving the church through travel

for over 30 years, we at journeys unlimited have offered faith-based tours to all denominations nationwide.
join us for a spiritual journey that will enliven your faith and change you forever. receive the joy of fellowship with other christians as you experience the trip of a lifetime.











build christian community
connect with like-minded people in fellowship as you build meaningful bonds with your christian community.













encounter the spirit
feel the power of the lord as you walk the path of the bible.













retrace the history
our christian journeys provide a rich spiritual and historical education. deepen your understanding of the bible and the life and teachings of jesus.









join a journey








standard tours








heritage tours








custom tours









what is included








christian site visits








prayer  opportunity








professional  guides








deluxe a/c buses










daily mass








select hotels








buffet breakfast  & dinners








international  airfare















i want to thank you and journeys unlimited for your excellent, thorough, and professional service. our trip to italy in the spring of 2019 was incredible. no important detail was overlooked, several special surprises were added for us that made the tour that much more special, and your company went the extra mile when one of our couples faced a family emergency back in the states. i highly recommend journeys unlimited and larry marcus to any group wanting to schedule a tour in the future.
 
gary dyer









we are grateful to god for journeys unlimited. we highly recommend this organization and look forward to working with them again. phileo outreach international ministries incorporated had the pleasure of working with journeys unlimited in february of 2017, while seeking to provide an outstanding travel and educational opportunity to its members. from experience we realized that journeys unlimited takes you anywhere virtually or in person and leaves you with an indelible memory. this group of creative travel experts took the wildest dreams, imaginations, fears, doubts and needs of every individual in our group and crafted an educational tour to israel, regardless of our financial, physical, or spiritual needs. their local agent nick gjeca met with poimi members at the church’s location, and with respect, he knowledgeably shared history, geography, climatic conditions, dress code and expected boundaries. these same attributes were consistently displayed by all who served us during air travel, land travel, and throughout our guided tours. hence, the bible was brought alive from genesis to revelation. we are grateful to god for journeys unlimited. we highly recommend this organization and look forward to working with them again.
 
dr gale fordebrooklyn, new york









working and travelling with journey’s unlimited is a real blessing. from the time of decision to take a trip until the trip is over, travellers will find friendly and fast service, answers to their questions, and a caring staff who looks to make the oversight of the trip as easy as possible. we love working and travelling with journeys unlimited!
 
chad perdue
bethel baptist church, cocoa, florida









i have been traveling with journeys since 2013 the quality of the bus, the hotels and the tour itself are excellent. but the real exceptional things fall into two categories. first, our regional director ray masillo, is in touch with me often. he is quick to keep me informed and to check on anything he can do to make our trip easier. he is personally involved with our groups at every point. secondly, the tour guides we have had are fun, friendly and have an unbelievable depth of knowledge about history, the culture and the bible. i have learned so much, and they make it fun. go with ray and journeys. you will love it.
 
beth fitts
chairperson of the board for explorer bible study groups,
oxford, mississippi









i have been traveling with journeys since 2013 the quality of the bus, the hotels and the tour itself are excellent. but the real exceptional things fall into two categories. first, our regional director ray masillo, is in touch with me often. he is quick to keep me informed and to check on anything he can do to make our trip easier. he is personally involved with our groups at every point. secondly, the tour guides we have had are fun, friendly and have an unbelievable depth of knowledge about history, the culture and the bible. i have learned so much, and they make it fun. go with ray and journeys. you will love it.
 
beth fitts
chairperson of the board for explorer bible study groups,
oxford, mississippi









it has been my privilege to host tours to the holy land and throughout europe for forty years. during that time, i have been grateful for the passenger friendly service that my people have received and will continue to receive from journeys unlimited. not only do they put the interests of the passengers first but the same can be said for how i’ve been treated as both a tour host and pastor. the flights, ground transportation, hotels, meals, guides and sites were first class in every respect. like many previous tours, the passengers on my last tour to israel and jordan all agreed that journeys unlimited provided one of the finest travel experiences they’ve ever had and they are ready to go again.
 
pastor merril kindall








 










need assistance or ready to book?
call: 1-800-486-8359








contact us




address
545 eighth avenue,suite 1030, new york, ny 10018






1-800-486-8359






journeys@groupist.com



login



our journeys

standard tours
heritage tours
custom tours
special events



information

faqabout usinsuranceprivacy policyterms & conditions

followfollow




get in touchplease enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *phonename of churchtours interested intour interested in (select one)holy landeuropegreece/turkey/maltanorth americaspecial eventsoberammergaucustom toursaddress *address line 1city--- select state ---alabamaalaskaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawaredistrict of columbiafloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniarhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyomingstatezip codemessagecustom captcha * 




=

 



submit 








subscribe now


please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.first name *last name *email *phone *submit 








copyright © 2009-2024 journeys unlimited & group ist (cst# 2077183). all rights reserved.



 













































