









elkdale country club | salamanca, ny - home


















































 








 home      book a tee time


 specials      (716) 945-5553



 home      tee times 







 



golfcourse
the course book tee timesrates & feescourse facilitiescourse policiescovid-19 informationthe clubmembership
member loginclub historymembershipreciprocalsbar & grillhole in one club club calendaroutings& lessons
golf outingsgolf lessonsjunior program junior resultsleagues& results
mens league maplemens league pineladies leaguemonday league event resultscontactdirections
email specialspromotions & specialscustomer surveyemploymentcontact & directions 
















 
slide 118 holes of championship golftee timestest your skills on our beautiful 18 hole golf course, with great views and a fun layout you can play every day.
book onlineslide 218 holes of championship golfgolf outingshost your corporate or charity event here! professionally run events ranging anywhere from 16 up to 144 golfers.
click hereslide 318 holes of championship golfmembershipwe offer an array of membership plans for individuals, couples, and families! advance tee times &  no monthly minimums and reciprocal privileges.
learn moreslide 618 holes of championship golfemail specialsget elkdale  emails and notices  delivered to your inbox. keep informed of upcoming tournaments and course updates.
sign up todayslide 518 holes of championship golfbook your tee time onlineno calling and waiting on hold, go to our online tee sheet, see what times are available and book it online.
click here 











course updates
2024 golf season:
elkdale country club golf course and clubhouse is closed for the season
driving range hours - closed for the season
plan ahead
tee times can be booked by calling the golf shop at 716-945-5553 x:1 (some restrictions apply)see rates page for 2024 pricing.call the golf shop or go to the tee time booking site for updated information.
members can book on-line 10 days in advancepublic may book on-line 5 days in advance book tee time online
membership info












welcome to elkdale country club
elkdale country club is a semi-private golf club nestled in the hills of cattaraugus county, new york, just a short 1 hour drive south from buffalo. the front nine was built in 1927 and is cut along varied terrain and mature trees. the back nine, added in the mid 1960's, is a bit longer with larger greens. the 6132 yard, par 70 layout is designed to provide an interesting challenge for players of all skill levels. the course includes a difficult 555 yard par 5 followed by a 215 yard par 3. golf at elkdale is available on an annual membership or daily green fee basis. with rare exception for certain tournaments, tee times are available daily, weather permitting.
open to the public 7 days a week
for pricing, please see our rates and fees for 2024please note that a cart fee is in addition to the posted green fee (per golfer)
see the course 










 what's going on @ elkdale country club?





the course

check out our fabulous 18 hole golf course. view our scorecard, photos, and see why the course has been called "a must play".
click here






bar & grill

the elkdale bar & grill is known for good food, fun times & friendly service. open to the public. to-go menu available.
click here






great rates

check out our great golf rates for the upcoming season! go online to see any daily deals offered and check availability.
click here














ready to book a tee time?

click here







 recent news






memberships

thinking of joining elkdale? click the button below and find out why we have the best options anywhere from buffalo to cleveland!
click here






                                                    end of season annual meeting                        
                        
                    
sunday october 20th @ 5:00pm
 






                                                    gift ideas - elkdale 5 & 10 pack golf cards                        
                        
                    

for details click here






                                                    tee it up at elkdale cc                        
                        
                    
elkdale cc offers some of the most spectacular fall picturesque views!
fall golf is fun







 upcoming eventsno events

view full calendar








© elkdale country club • 4676 route 353 • salamanca, ny 14779(716) 945-5553 • contact • sitemap • website by: the rwm companyfollow via facebookfollow on instagramfollow via twittercontact us today!


















golfcourse
the course book tee timesrates & feescourse facilitiescourse policiescovid-19 informationthe clubmembership
member loginclub historymembershipreciprocalsbar & grillhole in one club club calendaroutings& lessons
golf outingsgolf lessonsjunior program junior resultsleagues& results
mens league maplemens league pineladies leaguemonday league event resultscontactdirections
email specialspromotions & specialscustomer surveyemploymentcontact & directions


elkdale country club4676 route 353salamanca, ny 14779












 









×




×




elkdale cc is closed for public play
thank you for a great season
see you in april 2025
 





