




dr. paul fitzgerald, m.d. | san francisco endocrinologist, diabetes & thyroid physician

































paul fitzgerald, m.d.


nationally board-certified in internal medicine, endocrinology & metabolism



skip to content

homewhat is endocrinology?
endocrinology topics
curriculum vitae
location
make an appointment








practice overview

i’m an endocrinologist, nationally board-certified in both internal medicine and endocrinology & metabolism. i’m also a clinical professor of medicine at ucsf and have taught hundreds of ucsf medical students, residents, and fellows over the years.  i author the “endocrine disorders” chapter for cmdt,  a top american medical textbook.  i’ve also written/edited two editions of my own medical textbook, handbook of clinical endocrinology.
my private practice is located adjacent to the ucsf parnassus campus and hospital.
inquire about an appointment
how i practice medicine
most people desire a personal physician, a doctor who knows them well and who really cares about them.  i strive to be that kind of physician. i have a private medical practice, and spend considerable time with each patient.   i see patients myself and do not use pas or nps.   i have a relatively low-volume practice, so i get to know my patients well and usually prefer to take my own calls.  as in internist, i enjoy diagnosing and treating adults and older teens.  as an endocrinologist, i specialize in helping patients with disorders such as:

diabetes mellitus
thyroid (thyroid nodules, hypothyroidism, graves disease)
adrenal (adrenal masses, pheochromocytoma, paraganglioma, addison disease, cushing syndrome)
pituitary (hypopituitarism, pituitary tumors)
osteoporosis
hypogonadism (men and women)

my wonderful patients are the main reason i enjoy coming to work each day. my patients and i enjoy friendly and collegial relationships, based upon candor, trust, and mutual respect. i explain test results and provide copies of reports. i believe in preventive medicine and want my patients to be knowledgeable and responsible about their health. my office is adjacent to the  university of california, san francisco (ucsf), at 350 parnassus avenue, overlooking the city of san francisco.
ucsf & research
for many years, i’ve had the privilege to be a member of the active medical staff at ucsf, where i’m a clinical professor of medicine. ucsf is regularly ranked among the top 10 medical centers in the country. my colleagues are nationally renowned physicians and researchers who help provide my patients with top subspecialty care. i regularly attend the medical lectures at ucsf in order to stay up-to-date. see:  http://profiles.ucsf.edu/paul.fitzgerald
i enjoy medical academics and research as well. i’ve written over 20 editions of the “endocrine disorders” chapter for the textbook  current medical diagnosis and treatment (cmdt) and 4 editions of a chapter for  basic and clinical endocrinology. each is the world’s top textbook in its field. i’ve also published two editions of my own textbook, handbook of clinical endocrinology. my colleagues and i deliver lectures at symposia and publish papers in peer-reviewed journals. see curriculum vitae.
insurance
we don’t accept insurance assignment, but we provide our patients with statements to send to their insurance carrier for reimbursement. we bill insurance for hospitalized patients.



comments are closed.





dr. paul fitzgerald, m.d. 350 parnassus avenue, suite 710
san francisco, ca 94117
415 665 1136
 

 
  topics 

addison disease


hyperprolactinemia


diabetes caused by protease inhibitor therapy for hiv/aids


hypothyroidism


graves disease symptoms & treatment


menopause & hormone replacement therapy


hemoglobin a1c testing


acromegaly & gigantism


hyperparathyroidism therapy with cinacalcet


introduction to pheochromocytoma and paraganglioma


5 questions and answers on male hypogonadism and testosterone deficiency


hypothyroidism: diagnosis & treatment


telemedicine


journal of clinical oncology paper


embolization of a large secretory paraganglioma


 about 
clinical professor of medicine at ucsf
nationally board-certified in both internal medicine and endocrinology & metabolism.
author of 15 editions of the "endocrine disorders" chapter for the textbook current medical diagnosis and treatment (cmdt), and 3 editions of a chapter for basic and clinical endocrinology. 
editor of two editions of handbook of clinical endocrinology.




search for:



 






					paul fitzgerald, m.d.				



					proudly powered by wordpress.				










