







marking whiskers for construction, utility & landscaping
























































0



















































trail chasers® survey markers and  marking whiskers



survey markers marking flags pro shop blog media gallery




trail chasers - the best in ready-to-use survey markers and marking whiskerstrail chasers proudly offers ready-to-use survey markers, marking flags and marking whiskers directly to consumers in usa and canada. our custom-packaged survey markers come with everything you need to start marking immediately, eliminating extra trips for nails or stakes. perfect for a variety of applications, trail chasers survey markers are ideal for construction surveying, trail markers, hunting, ground hazards, garden layouts, landscape designers, property line markers, running courses, social events, and more. unlike flagging tape and wire flags, trail chasers markers are known for their exceptional durability and flexibility, making them a trusted tool for various marking needs. trail chasers are available in all eight apwa and international code colors. our marking flags are whiskers-type and have long been trusted for their durability and flexibility; virtually indestructible.  all our surveying equipment products are made in the usa.18 years providing quality products for home and commercial use















survey markersour original ready-to-use trail chasers branded ground markers are highly durable 6-inch plastic whisker-type marking flags, with either lightweight non-rust aluminum stakes or heavy-duty steel stakes to suit your project requirements:lightweight trail chasers lightweight are the perfect solution when you need a easy to carry and durable ground marker. these feature highly durable 6-inch plastic marking flag whiskers combined with a lightweight, non-rust aluminum stake that can be easily driven into the ground to mark a position.heavy duty our trail chasers lightweight are great for carry, but sometimes the ground is harder than anticipated. for enhanced strength in compacted soil or gravel, our heavy-duty survey markers are ideal. these markers feature the same highly durable 6-inch plastic marking flags but are combined with steel stakes that can withstand tougher soils.whisker marking flagsfor when you just need reliable marking flags and prefer to use your own stakes, stake chaser 6-inch plastic whisker-type marking flags are the perfect choice. these flags can be easily hammered into a wooden stake or quickly fit onto a 60d nail. all marking flags are available in uv-resistant apwa and international code colors, including pink, orange, blue, white, yellow, green, red and purple. we offer convenient packages of 25, 75, 500 and 1000 whisker flags.















trusted - dependable - safethe elusive hunter, llc has been providing quality products for home and industrial use since 2006. trail chasers is rated 4.8 stars across multiple sales channels. trail chasers outbound handling time averages 0.5 days. carriers delivered packages on average in 4.3 days. buyers received packages on average in 4.8 days. b2b customers received 89% of trail chasers shipments within business hours. certified secure by trustedsite. trailchasers.com website is verified using ssl to encrypt communications with industry-standard security protocols.















































































































smi-carr, inc.


































































































follow us



how’d we do?                       scan below and let us know.






























about us terms & conditions shipping & handling     reviews quality controls contact us returns & exchanges



trail chasers® is a registered trademark of the elusive hunter, llc copyright 2020 - 2025



corporateelusive hunter, llc                                                7742 spalding dr. #424                                 norcross, ga 30092-4207                                     usa                                                                       customer service:   404-788-1774              m-f 9:00am to 4:30pm est                   email  us:   info@trailchasers.com
















subscribe
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.




email address






sign up






thank you!















