


family & friends railcard | official retailer | national rail



















































































skip navigation



renew my railcard
manage my railcard



railcard.co.uk 
16-25 railcard
disabled personsrailcard
network railcard
two together railcard
26-30 railcard
senior railcard
16-17 saver
veterans railcard









search:




about railcard

the benefits
are you eligible
travel times & tickets
where to buy
journey planner
renewing your railcard


offers & competitions

offers
days out


blog
help

faqs
railcard terms & conditions
lost/stolen
support










				railcard prices information
			


after being frozen for over a decade, the price of most 1-year and 3-year railcards will increase on sunday 2 march 2025. railcard customers save an average of £158 a year*, over 4 times the new price of a 1-year railcard. find out more.






the official retailer of railcards by national rail
 
get 1/3 off rail travel with a family & friends railcard
 
buy now renew my railcard









 1/3 off rail travel for adults and 60% off for kids
 average annual savings of
up to £116!**
 just £30 for 1 year or
£70 for 3 years
 up to 4 adults travelling together with up to 4 kids






how much can i save?

people with a family & friends save on average £116 per year**, or £5.20 per journey^. if you’re travelling here’s an example of some of the savings you can make on train tickets:





london - sheffield
	



railcard price
£91.50
£52.10*





london - brighton
	



railcard price
£46.20
£25.40*





manchester - blackpool
	



railcard price
£28.50
£16.20*






		check how much you can save
	




get special offers and rewards from our partners







gruum
free sleep & wellness set, worth £36








ambassador cruise line
railcard holders get an extra 5% off with ambassador cruise line








wonky coffee
sustainable coffee from just 16p per cup! save 25% off wonky coffee!





view all







how does using a railcard work?
 




get your railcard





buy your discounted train tickets





have your railcard with you when you travel








eligibility and terms of use

buy a railcard and keep it with you when you travel (on your phone or wallet)
save on most tickets including advance tickets
valid at off-peak for journeys in london & se
railcard holder must travel with a child for discount to apply

read full eligibility and usage terms







need help getting or using your railcard?
need help? can't figure out what card to buy? or just have a question?
get help




can i use my railcard for tickets for travel on the london underground?




with your railcard you can get 1/3 off anytime day travelcard when bought as part of your journey to london from outside london zones 1-9 (subject to a minimum fare which is currently £19.60).

find out more




what happens if my child turns 16 while my family & friends railcard is still valid?




children who turn 16 while your family & friends railcard is valid are still entitled to get a discounted child fare for a time.

if you have a 1-year family & friends railcard, your child who has turned 16 can travel as long as the 1-year family & friends railcard is valid.
if you have a 3-year family & friends railcard, your 16-year old can only travel as a child on the railcard card until the day before they turn 17.

find out more




can i use my family & friends railcard at any time of day?




no. railcard discounts are available throughout britain but they are not available on tickets for morning peak period services, for journeys wholly within london & south east network railcard area on mondays to fridays. (the exceptions to this discounted fare rule are when you travel at weekends and on public holidays).
 
the times of morning off-peak services do vary by route and are normally related to the availability of off peak  day tickets. it's best to check with ticket office staff before buying your tickets.

find out more




am i eligible to use a family & friends railcard?




any adult can buy a family & friends railcard. to use it, at least one of the group travelling must be named on the railcard and there must also be at least one child travelling on a child rate ticket. the named railcard holder must travel for the entire journey with any passengers who have been bought discounted tickets.

find out more






 

 
 






using your railcard


are you eligible
travel times and tickets
where to buy
renewing your railcard






offers


offers






help


faqs
railcard terms and conditions
website terms & conditions
privacy policy
cookie policy






follow us












				 
			

				family & friends railcard not for you? visit railcard.co.uk for other railcards
				 | 
				privacy notice
				 | 
				modern slavery statement
				 | 
				2025 rail delivery group
			










