













home | ohio floriculture





















































skip to main content








the ohio state university




help
buckeyelink
map
find people
webmail
search ohio state



 













cfaes
give today



ohio floriculture 

ohio floriculture
https://ohiofloriculture.osu.edu




college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences












search form

search 





 

 

menu





 

homeindustry statusextensionresearchteachingeventsexperts 







features








        ready to gain hands-on experience growing commercial quality flowers? then check out hcs 5320 floriculture crop production!      

        glimpse into the class      





 
 
 





 




home






the ohio state university’s floriculture team is comprised of experts from a wide variety of departments. we aim to provide ohio’s floriculture industry with the resources necessary to attain sustained profitability and competitiveness. we’re working towards this through a comprehensive program that weaves together extension, research, and teaching. here on our site - you'll find an array of information relevant to the floriculture industry, from cultivar trial results to upcoming floriculture industry events.
 



 



news



  

2023 cultivar trial results
oct 23, 2023
the ohio state university cultivar trials are part of the chadwick arboretum and learning gardens. get the inside scoop on the 2023 cultivar trials results...



welcome, dr. garrett owen!
jan 1, 2023
we are pleased to announce that dr. garrett owen will be joining hcs in january 2023 as an assistant professor in sustainable greenhouse nursery systems at the ohio state university!

 


    more news  

 

 







search form

search 





 



upcoming events



there are currently no upcoming events.

 

 









college of food agriculture and environmental sciences
© 2025, the ohio state university



249b howlett hall
2001 fyffe court, columbus, oh 43210
phone: 614-292-9941
 


 

accessibility accommodation

  if you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this content request accommodation here.
maintenance and support
this site designed and maintained by cfaes marketing and communications.  for technical support please contact the cfaes helpdesk. 
 cfaes diversity  |  nondiscrimination notice  |  site map








give now
login
 

 





the ohio state university
college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
ohio state university extension
ohio agricultural research and development center
ohio state ati







 












