



    paleface.net: fresh vittles
  






 home 
             you got a hankerin' for some spankerin'?
       
 
















 




        shortcut to
the p.o.o.s.map archive


 




                join in the
                pale's place

                24-hour game
                    








            paleface's unsolicited critiques of outlaws
                levels, players, posses, an' everythin'
                else!
            












        fresh vittles!
    
 





	(3/4/2018)
		








            outlaws players lucas arts
            only place i know of where outlaws players still get together
            on the regular for playing the game, as well as for
            all kinds of other outlaws-related
            hootenannies. it's a "closed" facebook group, but i hear
            tell that anyone who clicks and requests an invite with
            a little genuine outlaws love in their heart is quickly welcomed
            with open arms.
        


an' ta get th' latest maps they're shootin' up:

		








            the outlaws hideout
			this snazzy, easy-on-the-eyes huge outlaws map site is still
			posting and even reviewing new outlaws levels! yep these're
			spangly new maps you can't even get in my musty ol' archive
			(they've got all those, too),
			so head over there and check 'em out!
        

x   x   x
 

    thursday 3/19/09
         

hello sunset
    
		i should have done this much, much sooner, and it's
		more or less a moot point now, but at any rate let
		me just "officially"
		and certainly very belatedly ring in the end of updates to
		this site.    
		if you'd like to know just what in heck my excuse for
		putting that off for nearly three years is, well,
		i was working in the game industry and let myself
		neglect pretty much everything else in my life.
		you shouldn't do that kind of thing--it's unhealthy
		and rude--and i hope i've finally learned my
		lesson.    
		so, my apologies to those who sent me maps and news that
		i never got around to posting, and to the readers who found
		the site fallen silent with no explanation. if you'd
		like to give me a piece of your mind, you can do so
		on the forum for my current project,
		supermassive black hole a*,
		an animated webcomic with a ridiculous name. there's also
		more detail there about why i became such a slacker
		here over the past few
		years.    
		now i'm gonna try to post the stuff i was sent since
		my last update, oh so long ago; i'm a little rusty
		at this so bear with me. i don't think my current
		"modern" computer is outlaws-compliant, and i suppose
		i've lost touch with what makes a good ol map anyway,
		so i'm just going to post the levels i was sent, sight
		unseen, and hope they're good and don't contain
		horrible viruses. so please be cautious if you download
		them. they'll stay in my "temp" folder. this will be
		the last outlaws update i post here, so please do
		not send me any more news or files to post, because
		it won't get done.     
		maps:     
		from dog holliday:
dryrot.zip
bayou.zip
m_verde.zip
boxcanyon.zip    
		from molycoat:
ft_sanch.zip
paperbox.zip
robots3.zip
riosanco.zip (sent by dog
		holliday)    
		from captain picky:
fortpicayunectf.zip
fortpicayunenight.zip
seasons.zip
indianheadsaloon.zip
docworld.zip    
		news (years ago):
crow mentioned that "call of juarez," an old west
		first-person-shooter for pc, came out, and he seems to have
		liked it. checking
		the call of juarez site
		now, the forum still looks to
		be quite active, and i see crow himself posting in their
		multiplayer forum
		as
		recently as two weeks ago.
what was "outlaws warzone" (see previous update)
		evolved into "the warzone." thanks to captain picky
		for sending the link.
		








            the warzone
            site that claims to have a matchmaking utility
            (i haven't tried it) which, according to the site,
            supports "multiplayer
            versions of older directplay 7 or earlier
			games," including outlaws. the site also hosts a
			forum to talk about the application,
			matchmaking, and the games.
        


lars fredriksson wrote in from sweden
        to say that he saw outlaws on a store shelf there.
        he says lucasarts was re-releasing some of their
        games, including outlaws, monkey island, and sam
        and max, under the label "lucasarts classics."
        i'm not finding any real information about something
        like that (lars told me about this over a year and
        a half ago), so possibly it was specific to
        sweden or europe or something, or just very
        low-profile.    
        well, that wraps it up for my outlaws updates.
        again, please don't send me any more outlaws
        news or files, because i won't get to them.
        some things around here like the banners and
        the links page are out of date, and that's
        how they'll stay, frozen in time. the site
        and all the files and everything will stay
        up indefinitely, which is to say that
        i don't know exactly how long, since who
        knows what the future holds, but i have no
        intention currently of taking the site down,
        so they'll probably be up for a good long while
        yet at the very least.
        sorry for the ridiculous delay in getting
        this last post done, and thanks to
        everyone who helped me out with news, files,
        and information over the years--all the way
        back to december of 1997.
        this here site helped me get into the game
        industry ten years ago, and i have all of you
        to thank for that, and for the good
        times we had dropping tnt on each others'
        sombreros.
         
        adiós, fellers.
         
 
 
        stealth update 3/20: forgot that i had a bunch of
        signatures to add to the
        outlaws sequel petition:
        436 new ones, to be precise, for a grand total of
        3336 signatures.
        this will be the last update for the petition.
        i sent them the link once upon a time,
        and if you're ever in the
        business of talking to lucasarts about another ol
        game, feel free to send them the link again!
         
        not-so-stealth update 6/24: added that honking banner
        for my a* project to the top of the layout. sorry to
        subject you to my own ads, but hey, i want you people
        to come check it out! =p
         
        stealth update 9/11/16: changed links on the links page that
        were going to dead sites to their archived versions, where
        available, otherwise deactivated the link.
         
        stealth update 6/13/18: replaced the rotating ad banner
        at the top of the site's pages with two static banners (the
        last two remaining that had been rotating "randomly" : p.
        now we're compliant with the eu's online privacy rules, yay!
        also, fixed an alignment problem with search result pages
        on high-resolution screens.
         
        stealth update 7/26/23: fixed the ftp text search--did that ever
		work? anyway, works now. ^ _^ most web browsers these days
		can't actually access ftp links but hey.
         
        stealth update 10/14/23: migrated the site to host's new system. it may take a day or so for the ftp to catch up.
         

* * *
 

    sunday 5/13/06
         

new stolen maps
    
        dog holliday sent me a couple new maps, and then, in
        the best internet tradition, i stole a bunch of maps
        from the outlaw
        dad. most of those are by molycoat, as you can
        tell at a glance by all the custom props everywhere.
        moly does amazing work, although i also noticed in this
        large batch of his that he's been putting in a heck
        of a lot of ammo--i tend to prefer it more on the lean
        side--and he's been using a lot of invisible walls
        to fence off his map areas, and i hate smacking my
        nose into those.    
        
        bear cat  tkmd
        (shot)
        by molycoat: using the lec level "dry gulch"
        as his base, moly turned it into a real ghost town,
        with blown out windows, doors, and walls, and let's
        not forget about the two ghost gunslingers in the
        street. he's also narrowed it down quite a bit.
        a very attractive map, with lots of places to dodge
        around in this fairly small canyon, and the ghost
        effect is impressive.    
        
        chickens!  ctkmd
        (shot)
        by molycoat: you play as an actual chicken,
        here, complete with sunny-side-up-exploding egg
        grenades, running around inside a large barn/henhouse.
        amusing chicken touches abound, oh, and also you make
        clucking and squawking noises while running and jumping.
        who knew being a chicken was this much fun?    
        
        chicken coop  ctkmd
        (shot)
        by molycoat: more chicken play, outside in a
        large coop this time. it's a little bare, although with
        many clumps of powerups. watch out for the stumbling
        headless chicken.    
        
        ctf  cd
        (shot)
        by honored_sheep: odd, very small map with
        two lumpy mounds in the middle.    
        
        devil's rectory ii  ctkmd
        (shot)
        by dog holliday: remake of his "devil's
        rectory" map without the interactive bits that can
        lag things up. spooky graveyard, crypt, and church.    
        
        dry rot  ctkmd
        (shot)
        by dog holliday: small town bursting with
        detail. lots to explore in each little building,
        and don't forget to make it up to the roof level.    
        
        elk pass  ctkmd
        (shot)
        by molycoat: fight on a curving high mountain
        path. down below you can see a crowded, twilight
        town (based again on dry gulch), with people standing
        around everywhere, lights glowing in windows, and so
        forth. really impressive to see, although it drops
        the framerate some. you can't actually get down there
        (invisible barriers), which kind of makes it a neat
        distant view, but is also kind of frustrating. seems
        more like a eye-candy map than one you might spend
        a lot of time playing.    
        
        el plomo  ckmdt
        (shot)
        by honored_sheep: smallish western town with
        a few buildings and custom signs.    
        
        kenny's place  ctkmd
        (shot)
        by molycoat: based from the house and yard
        at the end of the "civil war" historical mission,
        with slews of moly's usual detailed custom graphics,
        and a semi-portable cannon.    
        
        lilstick  ckmdt
        (shot)
        by honored_sheep: tiny little canyon with
        some rudimentary buildings and underground passages.    
        
        lost plantation  ctkmd
        (shot)
        by last1standing: a little farm with actual
        planted parts (tobacco and corn, says the readme).
        got a nice realistic look about it, and i like the
        gradual sloping hill between the crops and the
        buildings.    
        
        minitown  tckmd
        (shot)
        by honored_sheep: canyon with a couple little
        shacks and dramatically slanted lighting around one
        side. the .zip includes a file called "xcredits.txt,"
        which will replace the normal credit roll you see when
        quitting the game--the list here is outlaw player names.
        i find this inclusion of a mod not at all related to the
        map itself rather irritating, since i usually extract
        all the files from a map zip into my game directory
        automatically--and now i've got a screwy credit list.
        bleh.    
        
        saloon  md
        (shot)
        by honored_sheep: you're stuck inside a
        medium-sized saloon, reminiscent of one from one
        of the historical missions. also includes that annoying
        xcredits.txt mod.    
        
        the sands  tkmd
        (shot)
        by molycoat: little hotel, or inn i suppose,
        with custom graphics everywhere, many of them having
        ol player names. some pretty hilarious stuff. so many
        colorful posters and props that it can be tough to spot
        the powerups among them. some of the items are more
        modern-day than western, including cartoon character
        images, etc. make sure you shoot the things you see
        outside through the windows, 'cause they actually
        do something nifty when you do. again an impressive
        map visually, but maybe not one you'd come back to
        repeatedly after you'd taken in all the clever details.
        oh! like the little mouse-hole behind a counter,
        that you can look in (the mouse/rat/whatever is outside
        chewing something) and see his little mousy furniture!    
        
        vaquero  tckmd
        (shot)
        by molycoat: medium-smallish canyon town with
        custom graphics here and there. watch out for the
        chain-reacting exploding barrels lining the street. 

outlaws warzone
    
        vin_egar seems to have changed his
        "outlaws high noon" url, and changed the site, too,
        with his ol "servers" gone, replaced by a downloadable
        app called "outlaws warzone," which appears to be a
        sorta-hacked version of regular warzone, a matchmaking
        service that duplicates the old ms gaming zone lobby
        in a rudimentary way. i couldn't get it to launch ol
        after i hosted a room, but maybe i was doing it wrong,
        or maybe it just doesn't like nt or something to do with
        my ancient and probably weirded-up ol install. it's a
        funky process to install this thing, because the first
        time you run it, it auto-updates to a non-hacked version
        without an ol lobby, and then you have to re-install
        the hacked ol version over that. vin_egar
        is also now hosting some files of which i am rather less
        fond.








            outlaws high noon
            not a great site layout (and watch out for the noisy
            animated banner on the front page), but you can find
            "outlaws warzone" here, which appears to be a special
            version of a "warzone" match-making client that apes
            the general layout and functionality of the old ms zone
            multiplayer lobby, and adds an outlaws lobby to it.
            also has what look to be downloadable versions of
            outlaws and the ol soundtrack, which, err, i'm pretty
            sure isn't exactly legal. oh, and my "liteguns" is
            there, only uncredited, and with the outlaws
            patches thrown into the zip for some reason. :p
        

 

pale moon

        at this time of summer evening, the cows are
        trooping down from the hills, lowing, and with
        their bells tinkling, to the old town, with its
        old moats, and gates, and spires, and chestnut-trees,
        with long blue shadows stretching over the grass;
        the sky and the river below flame in crimson and
        gold; and the moon is already out, looking pale
        towards the sunset. 
william makepeace thackeray,
        vanity fair


* * *
 

    saturday 5/6/06
         

new old maps!
    
        whoa, wait, what year is this? uh-oh. guess i'd better get
        these maps posted then!    
        
        ice water  tkmd
        (shot)
        by molycoat: gorgeous winter map with
        snow-coated canyons running around a broken
        central bridge. lot`s of tricky ledges to
        navigate (gotta get those sniper rifles and
        gatling guns), and the way you can just make
        it across the bridge gap at a run is quite
        well done.    
        
        bill morgan's place  tkmd
        (shot)
        by molycoat: a few cameo appearances on
        the upper ledges around this one-house canyon
        add a little drama to the scene. small map, and
        the inside of the house is slightly cramped,
        but that's partly due to the world of detail packed
        in there, like the fully equipped workshop. the
        three ways you can access the open attic add a lot
        of strategy and flow to the place. i love the
        driftwood bobbing in the pool.    
        
        hoth revisited  ctkmd
        (shot)
        by molycoat: remake or mod or something of the old
        star wars-themed "hoth" map. i don't remember the old
        one having quite this many little icy passages and
        sniping points in the ice walls running around the
        at-at, and i'm pretty sure the little fighters weren't
        hovering around it in the old version. small map, but
        a bunch of people could get lost in the little
        tunnels.    
        
        black river bridge  ctkmd
        (shot)
        by captain picky: expansive rocky plains snowscape
        that plays smaller than it looks, as much of it is
        area you can't get to. the interiors of the three cabins
        are a little bare, but it's mostly about efficient navigation
        of the low ledges around them. slightly lower framerates at
        some of the sniping points around the edge, but considering
        how open the center is, snipers will probably still do pretty
        well here.    
        
        sweeney's  ctkmd
        (shot)
        by molycoat: i've been saying some of these maps
        were small, but this map centered around a high mountain
        cafe in the pines is even smaller, and that gat on the roof
        might be more suckerbait than anything else. i like the
        dark blue pines, the details inside the cafe,
        and the effect of lantern light casting
        through the windows. framerates are quite high.    
        
        tiny sanc  ctkmd
        (shot)
        by sheep, molycoat, and last1stndin: the small map theme
        is on a rampage now, with this perfect re-creation of sanctuary--in
        miniature. or have you just grown to about ten feet tall? you have
        to duck through doorways, and don't even think about fitting down
        into that hole beneath the jail, now (just as well, since that
        crazy rabbit seems to be holed up down there...). i'm not
        so keen on the ease of navigation here, but it's a great joke
        for long-time sanc players.    
        
        knobby garden  ctkmd
        (shot)
        by molycoat: brilliantly unique layout here, with two
        hexacombs (can i say that?) of little knolls facing each
        other across a flower-strewn brook. lovely plants abound,
        but despite the carefully manicured grounds, it also
        gives me a feeling of a wwi trench war, with sort of
        a camo-like pattern in the turf, and a long trench
        running between the two sides. running around the rolling
        terrain has a very different feeling from almost all other
        outlaws maps, you really should give it a try.    
        
        gatfield's  ctkmd
        (shot)
        by molycoat and dog holliday: cool organic map
        with a farmhouse and a barn in a small, curvy-walled
        canyon. the rounded, tiered hill in the middle is
        quite nifty. ah, but this isn't just a tree-hugger's
        paradise; they've given you modified, high-speed
        gatling guns to run around with. interesting how
        the tnt sticks laying around tend to go off with
        all that lead spraying around. the farmhouse interior
        shows moly's usual insane attention to detail. should
        be a very fast, fun map, and it's nice to look at,
        too.    
        
        stonehenge  ctkmd
        (shot)
        by molycoat: another tiny map, and really too
        tiny, but according to the readme, the ol engine just
        couldn't handle the normal skyline and that many
        big rocks all in one go, so moly had to bring in the
        borders and paint on a low, custom sky ceiling. the
        overall effect is unfortunately a little jarring, and
        all the rocks are a little cramped together, making
        it a bit hard to dodge and weave. outlaws acrobats
        will have a challenge navigating
        all the stone-to-stone jumps here.    
        
        tin star  single-player
        (shot 1, shot 2)
        by dog holliday: puzzle fans will love this one,
        as there are pretty tricky puzzles right from the get-go.
        in fact just the first one took me at least a half-hour...
        they're impressive, but sometimes i think they're a little
        unintuitive. the stages are hard on a physical level as well,
        with really deadly boss badguys everywhere, and insta-death
        traps at every step. there are also a few places where you
        can sort of get stuck outside the scripting. still, it's
        highly impressive, and really feels like you're on an adventure.
        now if only i could figure out that crank part on level 2...
        run the map by launching the included .bat file, and then
        choose single-player, or whatever it is on the main menu,
        and you'll see "tin star" in a list. 

            ahah! and it looks like people assumed
        i had died or something, and stopped sending me maps. you can find
        a bunch of more recent maps over at
        the outlaw dad's. i'll see
        if i can steal 'em and get 'em posted here in a week..err...or
        two. 

outlaws servers
    
        outlaws is a peer-to-peer game, so you don't really have
        "servers" like you do in most multiplayer fps games, but that
        doesn't mean you can't run a client on a fat pipe like a server,
        and people can always find a game there. i run my own little
        server like that (see the "domain" page), but there are people
        with a more sophisticated approach, people like vin_egar.
        he's got three servers going now, and he says the hardware specs
        for them are
        "pentium 4 over 2ghz, 512 mhz, ddr dram, dsl, 5  static ips all 80 gig hd."
        which beats the heck out of my little old server. so, go check his
        site, and try 'em out!








            outlaws high noon
            not a great site layout (and watch out for the noisy
            animated banner on the front page), but you can find
            some outlaws ip games hosted here, and the maps they're
            serving.
        

 

lawmaker: the game
    raf let me know about
        lawmaker,
        a western game in development by darkroom studios. it looks like they've
        developed their own 3d engine ("the lawmaker engine"), and are using
        the game to pimp it out to prospective licensees. rather curious coincidence
        there, how it's named the same as outlaws' level maker, eh? anyway, you can
        check out lots of screenshots and stuff at the site. 

other western games
    crow pointed out that they've
        got a closed beta server going for
        wanted: outlaws
        and lawmen, a western mod for half-life 2. and then he also found a
        western game called
        call of juarez, a commercial
        shooter being published by ubisoft in "summer 2006" in the u.s. and
        germany, from developer techland (who might be german?). their teaser flash
        site is really slow to download, but there are a lot of screenshots to
        peruse if you're patient enough. 

pale stout

        she wasn't changed. she was a little pale,
        a little stouter in figure. her eyes were the same,
        the kind trustful eyes. 
william makepeace thackeray,
        vanity fair


* * *
 
miss some news? don't worry, ya kin still
            find it in
            stale vittles.
            impatient? try your luck with a site-wide search:


search for: 
boolean: 
and
or

case: 
insensitive
sensitive






 









    home
    |
    game
    |
    weapon
    |
    character
    |
    strategy
    |
    level
    |
    file
    |
    player
    |
    posse
    |
    domain
    |
    link



 



         home 
    




         you got a hankerin' for some spankerin'?
     



 




this site created by paleface (a.k.a. heap big chief, squaw) who is
breaking all kinds of copyright, trademark and intellectual property
laws as well as the bounds of decency and propriety. if you don't
like something here and you have bunches of lawyers, just
tell me and i'll remove
it. if you don't have any lawyers, tough luck! make yer own
damn web site and bitch me out yourself! :)
simple search created by matt wright and can be found at matt's scriptarchive.






