




  



hostelling international honolulu, hawaii - hostel accommodations in oahu, hi





























rooms & rates
directions
faqs

things to do


contact us

book now!






sorry, your browser does not support html5 video.


we live the
  aloha spirit!
hi-honolulu is the friendliest and cleanest hostel you will find on the island of o'ahu. offering comfortable, en-suite dorms and private rooms, we provide a perfect base for you to explore, enjoy and relax on the island.
book now!


 






hi-honolulu hostel






located in a quiet residential area, the hi-honolulu hostel provides a nice alternative away from the tourist hotspots on the island. situated in lower manoa valley, our hostel is near hiking trails, the university of hawaii, and is only a short bus ride from waikiki and downtown honolulu. the hostel itself contains separate male and female dormitory style accommodation with shared bathrooms and showers. other amenities include a couple of private rooms, a fully equipped self-service kitchen, on-site laundry facility, internet access, and a tv and lounge area.




 









rooms & rates
rates
current members of hiusa get 10% off.
 
2020 rates:

dorms: $30.00
private room: $70.00

2021 rates:

dorms: $34.00
private room: $78.00

note: for private rooms, call the office directly for availability.
dormitories

dorms are separate for male and female guests
all dorms have shared bathrooms and showers
all dorms have small lockers for valuables
lockers require a personal padlock
there are 35 dorm beds in total

private studios

there are 2 private rooms (neither are en-suite)
one has a double bed, the other a bunk and a twin bed
reservations for private studios can only be made by telephone not online

hostelling international is a non-profit membership based organization, promoting peace through hostelling since 1909. non-members will be asked to pay a $3 non-membership fee per night upon check-in. membership cards are available at reception. all rates include taxes.

facilities
stop by reception to meet our friendly staff and to learn more about the hostel facilities and local activities.
reception

reception  is open between 8am - 12 noon and 4pm - 12 midnight. 
guests  must check-out by 11am.
guests  may check-in anytime during office hours. if you arrive before your bed is  available, you may store your bags at the hostel. arrangements can be made for  arrivals after midnight. 
each  guest must show a government issued photo id to check-in. 
the  maximum length of stay is 7 nights during a six-month period. 
limited  food and miscellaneous items (e.g. padlocks, toothbrushes) are available for  purchase from reception.

hostel facilities include:

separate  male and female dormitories
two  private rooms
lockers  - bring your own padlock
internet  access and wi-fi available
fully  equipped self-catering kitchen  - microwave,  stove, refrigerators, pots & pans and utensils
television  room and lounge
parking  is free - first come, first served
washer  and dryer - coin operated
free  sporting equipment for use and quiet board games
payphone
small  library plus travel and reference books
bulletin  boards with local happenings
soda  machine
iron/ironing  board, clothes line and hair dryers
clean  linen is provided
no smoking or drinking on the property


directions
address:
hi-honolulu, 2323a seaview ave, honolulu, hi 96822  t: (808) 946 0591  e: honolulu@hiusa.org
by car from airport:
h1 east to exit 24b.  turn uphill on university ave. go straight through dole st, metcalf st, and turn left onto  seaview ave.
by bus: 
city bus #19 or #20 to  ala moana shopping center then transfer to #a (cityexpress! uh manoa). get off bus at university  bus stop and walk north on university ave, turn left on seaview ave. thebus is $2.50 per ride anywhere on  the island (including one free transfer). weekly and monthly passes are available. note: only small backpacks allowed on the city bus.
map: 


photos





     


faqs
 + what is a hostel?


a hostel is a good quality budget accommodation that offers a comfortable night's sleep in friendly surroundings at an affordable price. hostels provide the perfect way to get to know a location at a low cost and you will meet with many other people who share your love of traveling. 
          


 + what are shared accommodations?


the rooms are bunk-bed style, so you will be sharing your room with other hostellers. your room will have 6 beds. we do not have co-ed rooms, only separate dormitories for females and males.


 + how can i reserve a bed?


making a reservation is simple. you can reserve online or by phone. in order to make a reservation, you need a valid visa, mastercard or american express. reservations are always recommended. for reservations, go to our book now page.


 + am i charged at the time of reservation?


no, a credit card guarantees your reservation. payment is taken at check-in. 


 + how many nights may i stay at the hostel?


in order to make space for other hostellers, there is a maximum length of stay of 7 nights within any six-month period. 


 + what do i need to check-in?


each guest must have a government issued photo id such as a passport, driver's license, state/provincial or national identity card. incoming and outgoing plane tickets also need to be shown on arrival (electronic tickets are acceptable as well). hostelling international membership cards are required for member discounts. unfortunately we cannot accept isic cards, college, school and university ids. 


 + what if i'm not a member?


no problem. you can always buy a membership online. or you can purchase a membership card at the hostel, or choose to pay the temporary membership fee of an additional $3.00 per night. 


 + what time do i check-in and check-out?


guests may check-in at hi-honolulu anytime during office hours. if you arrive before your bed is available, you may store your bags at the hostel. arrangements can be made for arrivals after midnight.


 + i have a late flight and i was wondering if you have a place i could store my bags after checking out at 11am?


hi-honolulu has a small day fee that includes access to the hostel facilities and bathrooms for the day.


 + is there somewhere safe i can leave my possessions?


we provide small lockers for use, but you must bring your own padlock.


 + do i need a sleeping bag?


we include the cost of all bed linen in the overnight fee. we do not allow the use of sleeping bags in our dormitories. 


 + do i need to bring my own towel?


no, you will be provided a towel, pillowcase and sleepsheet during your stay with us.


 + what is your cancellation policy?


cancellations require 48 hour notice. you will be charged for the first night if you do not arrive or call in advance to cancel. 


 + is breakfast included?


no, but we have a fully equipped, self-catering kitchen. supermarkets/grocery stores are nearby. 


 + do you have parking?


hi-honolulu has 3 parking stalls for free.


 + do you have laundry facilities?


hi-honolulu has on-site coin laundry facilities. soap is available for purchase also.


book now!
 





menu

rooms & rates
facilities
directions
photos
faqs
book now!


(808) 946 0591







 




what our guests are saying




"clean, relatively quiet, close to beach, safe and secure. great place to meet people from all over the world. lots of people traveling on their own (like me). met some awesome people."



"i loved my time at this youth hostel. very friendly and helpful stuff with a good knowledge of the area!"



"the staff were very friendly and i enjoyed my stay. it was pretty clean for a hostel. the area and building felt safe which is always important when you are traveling alone. i would definitely recommend this hostel to others."



"when i travel i like to know how the local folk live. here at this hostel, in the middle of honolulu, near a university yet in manoa valley... you get a sense of the modern world that is put on."


book now!
 




local news
tweets by @hawaiinewsnow


weather




» click for surf report

honolulu, hawaii weather forecast hourly */ ?>













our mission: "to help all, especially the young, gain a greater understanding of the world and its people through hostelling"

 


back to top | links | contact us | sitemap









