


kirc's journey


























    
	kirc's journey
	
  
welcome to kirc's blog...don't forget to holla me at the chatterbox ayt! god bless!

about me

name:  christine &gt;kirc 
location:  north county of san diego, california, united states 
tel: 760.990.4496

email: a66914@aol.com
view my complete profile

holla me here aight




talk 
in my flooble chatterbox, a free javascript chat tag board / shoutbox / tagboard program for your xanga, diary, blogger or weblog | 
read free brainteasers



picks piqs pics pix



www.flickr.com

this is a flickr badge showing public photos from kirc. make you own badge here.





what's my mood today?


how many guests?

free website counter

type d color: cliq the sq.!

   


javascript color picker by flooble | avatars






*hugs* total!
give kircsomeofyerhug more *hugs*
get hugs of your own

links



previous posts

afternoons of games, miniature golf & air hockey
my bday & universal studios
difficulties
second coming of jesus
bible truth
9 char. of genuine fellowship
my ever-fave song in my rave...rivermaya: if
tribute to gary rimes
jeremiah 29:11
5 random chika trivia

archives

october 2004
november 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
february 2007







saturday, february 17, 2007



	 
	 afternoons of games, miniature golf & air hockey
	 
    


      my husband decided to go play miniature golf @ boomers and luckily we didn't get lost finding it, passing by the freeway 78. by the way, i don't play golf...never in my life!first stop, hole #1 (my hubby has been so supportive of me, taking pics of him) >getting pic freak!hole #2hole #3hole #4hole #5hole #6hole #7 (the sign along the freeway)hole #7 stillhole #7 last shot...hole #8 his last shot in the hole for the blue lane.this what i almost did in this place! pose.pose @ this small landscapenothing to do here...hehe...pose...my turn???? first time! positioning...then my husband let me try it so maybe i might change my mind about this sport. then i did. i now looking forward in playing it, not miniature but the pro style...real golf course! (chuckles)
    


posted by christine >kirc @ 5:16 am 

      
         0 comments






sunday, february 11, 2007



	 
	 my bday & universal studios
	 
    


      so much things to do and planning, luckily wolf was able to have three weeks leave. we were suppose to go to indy but due to my work, just 2 days off, we'd rather not go there instead start again our new year with a happy baby, going to theme parks...since i can't wait til chloe starts walking (but we'll wait for disney when she starts walking so she will enjoy it much better), we went to universal studios...bought 2-day pass for 30 days. we went there on my birthday. and see it captures below.we got there by 11, it took us 2 hours to get there, we missed our route! tsk tsk tsk...there's a big guitar right in the citywalk, i think it's coolso i should have one toonascarharley davidson store...our new fave!time to eat...mine is dodger's dog: cheeseburger meal, panda express for my hubby (kfc and pizza hut is close, =( we settled for what's open)...next time we go there...we'll try wolfgang puck or bubba gump.1st stop...sa logo ofcourse of the parka toy store that we've mistaken as a hello kitty store.next stop, shrekpose with stormand then there's wolverine and the bad-looking monsterplus capt. americawith spidermanbabe & our babymarilyn monroe likes chloe...hehewith spongebobwith dora and friendala fred and wilma, the couple.my lil wilma-lettelet's join the fear factor challengethere i was (mhangin tlga sa labas + my hard-headed hubby...tsk tsk)too fast...too furious... (grabe, ang taba ko na tlga...this is not me!!!!) wah!!! diet na nga me tlga!!!vin diesel's car...muscle carbass fishing...not!you can have my bag, but you can't have me! wahaa...my fave actors...adam & jim touring the hollywoodhollywood pic of the family!my 25th bday cake from goldilocks of hollywood...@ home: we just got back frm l.a....traffic noh! and tired.chloe wants to open the hawaiian bread...
    


posted by christine >kirc @ 2:22 am 

      
         0 comments






monday, may 30, 2005



	 
	 difficulties
	 
    


so, what now? how will i start saying all the stuff i want to fathom from my very harsh yet fulfilling day at the same time.truly, life is hard here on earth if you're not with christians, and sometimes even christians i'm with aren't open to help out. it's really devastating to live on your own and sometimes it's hard to decide what's the best move. . .only we have the answer if we seek god's whisper. yes, only god will comfort us with all the pain that we have, burdens that we carry daily.the song, "lead me lord" is my theme for tonight! may the goodness and mercy flow upon my life as i strive to become his child, obedient child!you are my light, i cannot live alone, let me stay in your guiding light! lead me lord!----> even when i feel like i've been raped, abused, and ripped off. . .torn into pieces. . .god heals me always, now until forever! i love you lord! may your shining light cross my day tomorrow as i see the day and live again. . .see you!love is such a beautiful word and at the same time hard to live by when you have to face a difficult one, maybe it's not love for love is kind, love understands, love cares, love conquers all! ---> maybe not all can have their love of their lives. . .maybe after life. it's better coz we've got the best person to love who rewards!



posted by christine >kirc @ 9:12 pm 

      
         0 comments






thursday, may 05, 2005




	 second coming of jesus
	 



jesus promised his disciples he would come again. it's in the bible, john 14:1-3, tlb. "let not your heart be troubled. you are trusting god, now trust in me. there are many homes up there where my father lives, and i am going to prepare them for your coming. when everything is ready, then i will come and get you, so that you can always be with me where i am. if this weren't so, i would tell you plainly. and you know where i am going and how to get there."the angels promised jesus would come again. it's in the bible, acts 1:10-11, tlb. "it was not long afterwards that he rose into the sky and disappeared into a cloud, leaving them staring after him. as they were straining their eyes for another glimpse, suddenly two white-robed men were standing there among them, and said, 'men of galilee, why are you standing here staring at the sky? jesus has gone away to heaven, and some day, just as he went, he will return!'"how will jesus come again? it's in the bible, luke 21:27, niv. "at that time they will see the son of man coming in a cloud with power and great glory."how many will see him when he comes? it's in the bible, revelation 1:7, niv. "look, he is coming with the clouds, and every eye will see him, even those who pierced him; and all the peoples of the earth will mourn because of him."what will we see and hear when he comes? it's in the bible, i thessalonians 4:16-17, niv. "for the lord himself will come down from heaven, with a loud command, with the voice of the archangel and with the trumpet call of god, and the dead in christ will rise first. after that, we who are still alive and are left will be caught up with them in the clouds to meet the lord in the air."how visible is his coming to be? it's in the bible, matthew 24:27, niv. "for as the lightening comes from the east and flashes to the west, so will be the coming of the son of man."what warning has christ given so we won't be fooled about the second coming? it's in the bible, matthew 24:23-26, niv. "at that time if anyone says to you, 'look, here is the christ! or 'there he is! do not believe it. for false christ's and false prophets will appear and perform great signs and miracles to deceive even the elect—if that were possible. see, i have told you ahead of time. so if anyone tells you, 'there he is, out in the desert,' do not go out; or, 'here he is, in the inner rooms,' do not believe it."does anyone know the exact time of christ's coming? it's in the bible, matthew 24:36, niv. "no one knows about that day or hour, not even the angels in heaven, nor the son, but only the father."knowing how human it is to procrastinate, what does christ tell us to do? it's in the bible, matthew 24:42, niv. "therefore keep watch, because you do not know on what day your lord will come." what warning has christ given that we might not be taken by surprise by this great event? it's in the bible, luke 21:34-36, tlb. "watch out! don't let my sudden coming catch you unawares; don't let me find you living in careless ease, carousing and drinking, and occupied with the problems of this life, like all the rest of the world. keep a constant watch."why is jesus second coming taking so long? it's in the bible, ii peter 3:8-9, tlb. "but don't forget this, dear friends, that a day or a thousand years from now is like tomorrow to the lord. he isn't really being slow about his promised return, even though it sometimes seems that way. but he is waiting, for the good reason that he is not willing that any should perish, and he is giving more time for sinners to repent."while we wait for jesus, how should we live? it's in the bible, titus 2:11-14, niv. "for the grace of god that brings salvation has appeared to all men. it teaches us to say 'no to ungodliness and worldly passions, and to live self-controlled, upright and godly lives in this present age, while we wait for the blessed hope—the glorious appearing of our great god and savior, jesus christ, who gave himself for us to redeem us from all wickedness and to purify for himself a people that are his very own, eager to do what is good."what will the world be like when jesus comes? it's in the bible, matthew 24:37-39, niv. "as it was in the days of noah, so it will be at the coming of the son of man. for in the days before the flood, people were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage, up to the day noah entered the ark; and they knew nothing about what would happen until the flood came and took them all away. that is how it will be at the coming of the son of man."will christ's coming be a time of reward? it's in the bible, matthew 16:27 and revelation 22:12, niv. "for the son of man is going to come in his father's glory with his angels, and then he will reward each person according to what he has done." "behold, i am coming soon! my reward is with me, and i will give to everyone according to what he has done."why is jesus coming back? it's in the bible, hebrews 9:28, tlb. "so also christ died only once as an offering for the sins of many people; and he will come again, but not to deal again with our sins. this time he will come bringing salvation to all those who are eagerly and patiently waiting for him."at jesus' second coming, we will fully experience the reality of our salvation. it's in the bible, i corinthians 1:7-8, tlb. "now you have every grace and blessing; every spiritual gift and power for doing his will are yours during this time of waiting for the return of our lord jesus christ. and he guarantees right up to the end that you will be counted free from all sin and guilt on that day when he returns."



posted by christine >kirc @ 11:21 am 

      
         0 comments






tuesday, may 03, 2005




	 bible truth
	 



total abstinence from all liqour or strong drink . . . the bible expressly forbids the use of intoxicating beverages. even slight indulgence is sinful and not in keeping with scriptural standards of holiness. "wine is a mocker, strong drink is raging: and whosoever is deceived thereby is not wise." (proverbs 20:1)read also: isaiah 28:7, 1 corinthians 5:11, "nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of god." 1 corinthians 6:10, galatians 5:21, ephisians 5:18.against use of tobacco in any form . . . the use of tobacco in any form is forbidden, as well as the habitual use of narcotics. these sinful practices defile the body, the temple of the holy ghost, and are outward evidence of an impure heart. "having therefore these promises, dearly beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and the spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of god." 2 corinthans 7:1, "wherefore do ye spend money for that which is not bread? and your labour for that which satisfieth not? hearken diligently unto me, and eat ye that which is good, and let your soul delight itslef in fatness." isaiah 55:2 "if any man defile the temple of god, him shall god destroy; for the temple of god is holy, which temple ye are." 1 corinthian 3:17.tithing & giving . . . tithing is the paying of one tenth of our increase into treasury of the church. it began with abraham, continued under the law, and received christ's approval. "woe unto you, scribes and pharisees, hypocrites! for ye pay tithe of mint and anise and cummin, and have omitted th weigthier matters of the law, judgement, mercy, and faith: these ought ye to have done, and not to leave other undone," matthew 23:23. the obligation fo tithing is not fulfilled by giving ten percent to the poor or to some good cause but only by paying it into the church treasury. giving differs from and is in addition to tithing. both are parts of god's plan to finance his work on earth. genesis 14:20, malachi 3:10, "but this i say, he which soweth sparingly shall reap also sparingly; and he which soweth bountifully shall reap also bountifully. every man according as he purposeth in his heart, so let him give; not grudgingly, or of necessity: for god loveth a cheerful giver. and god is able to make all grace abound toward you; that ye always having all sufficiency in all things, may abound to every good work: (as it is written, he hath dispersed abroad; he hath given to the poor: his righteousness remaineth forever." 2 corinthians 9:6-9



posted by christine >kirc @ 12:50 pm 

      
         3 comments










 





