


custom tile murals, accent and outdoor tile murals, tile murals by artists, commercial tile services | tile by design



































							call us
							(260) 918-1784





							email us
							info@tilebydesign.net










home
shop

tile murals
custom murals
stock tile murals
browse by artists
collage series
other
pool tile
trim & border tile
personalized / gift items
clearance


info

tile info
commercial tile services
outdoor mural services
faqs
about us
contact us


gallery
testimonials
news / blog
trade
my cart






















 


 


 










stock tile murals
custom tile murals
collage series
pool tile
trim tile
 



tile by design.  where beautiful art becomes beautiful tile. 



tile murals - any image, on tile in 3 easy steps. 






pick your artworkwe can use any image, painting, photo, logo, pattern, or design.  the sky is the limit!
						    






pick your tilefrom ceramic to porcelain, glass to marble, we have tiles to fit any aestethic or style!
						    






install & enjoyour simple instructions work for diyers or seasoned installers.  once it's up, sit back and enjoy!
						    














custom tile murals our specialty.  bring us your own image, photograph, logo, design or idea.  whether you need 1 tile, or enough to cover the side of a building, we can make it happen. learn more about our custom services














don't have your own artwork?  no problem!  we have thousands of murals, ready to go.






 








 shop our in house collection

  





 









take your outdoor oasis to the next level with our decorative pool tile!






 





 




browse pool tile






every masterpiece deserves a finishing touch






 





 





 




shop trim tile








what our clients say?





i absolutely love how this mural turned out. i get compliments on it every time someone new sees it in my kitchen. it brings a splash of bright color and is a pleasure to look at every time i cook. thanks for doing such a beautiful job creating this piece of art from the photo i took.

				  brenda u.			  




i wanted to forward a few photos of the both the "bear" kitchen mural and the egret bath mural.  i am so pleased with how they came out.  we always get wonderful compliments on both. in addition, you made the process go so smoothly and made the ideas i had in my mind come to life!  thank you so much!  

				  chris j.			  




we are so pleased at how the tile picture we purchased from you really makes our kitchen something special to us.

				  vicki & guy d.			  




we selected a photo and had tile by design blow it up to 8' wide by 5' high using 1' by 1' tiles. we selected a matte finish and it worked perfectly! in shipping we had one small little chip on one tile corner and tile by design replaced it no questions asked.  plus the delivery time was very quick and worked perfectly with our schedule.  i found them on the internet and they have competitive pricing.  i am a general contractor by trade. they did a great job in my wife's kitchen.  

				  barry k.			  









welcome to tile by design... decorative ceramic tiles, custom tile wall murals, kitchen tile backsplash, marble mosaics & more. we have tiles for every application.

decorative fine art tile murals can add a much needed focal point to any room. we offer ceramic, glass, porcelain, tumbled marble and kiln fired tile murals that are ideal for kitchen backsplash, kitchen countertops, shower walls, floors, bathrooms or even bar backdrops. commercial or residential interior design, we have a mural that is perfect for your space. contacts us for all your kitchen or bathroom tile remodeling ideas.
our fine art wall murals feature the works of many current popular artists, monet, van gogh, gauguin, degas and hundreds more. our murals are available in glossy or satin matte finish ceramic tile, tumbled marble tile or tempered glass tile, perfect for countertop or floor applications. choose from over 1000 stock images or your own image to create something truly unique.
you don''t need to be a home improvement specialist to install our murals either. a numbered picture template is included with every ceramic tile mural to ensure an easy installation every time! tips on installation and cleaning can be found on our tile information page. so do it yourself and save money! 
kiln fired muralsany outdoor application requires a kiln fired mural. you may chose from any of our images or send us one of your own. these colorful tile murals are perfect for outdoor use because they will not fade in the harsh sunlight and can withstand harsh environments. try one to liven up your outdoor patio, grill area, pool, or hot tub. they can also turn an unattractive retaining wall into a work of art. 
custom tile muralswe also do custom tile murals to your specification. just send us your high resolution digital photograph or image and we will create a mural just for you. for more information on custom applications, just click on the "contact" tab at the top and let us know your needs!
international shipping? not a problem! from australia to europe, canada to the uk, mexico or south america, we can handle your shipping needs. proceed through our website to see shipping costs or call us for an estimate.





						contact us today with your custom tile mural ideas! (260) 918-1784 or info@tilebydesign.net 







this website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. 
      learn more

accept cookies











decorative ceramic tiles, custom tile wall murals, kitchen tile backsplash, marble mosaics & more.we have tiles for every application


office mailing address:
                                        tile by design, llc
                                        1346 old route 22
										duncanville, pa 16635
                                    
phone: (260)918-1784
fax:      (260)260-4929
email:  info@tilebydesign.net                                




site map

home
shop
news / blog
wholesale
gallery
faqs
testimonials
contact
tile info
clearance
affiliates





recent news




project spotlight: waterfall shower tile murals









decorating with accent tile murals














subscribe to our newsletter to get important news, amazing offers & inside scoops:






subscribe
 








 
like uson facebook 












                        copyrights © 2015 all rights reserved by tile by design.
privacy policy





















 info@tilebydesign.net ·  (260) 918-1784
                    
























