


grandaquatic - freshwater tropical aquarium fish exporter from thailand








































 











 










our quarantine & packing house  | 
      goldfish farm 
      |
      discus farm | 
      koi carp farm | 
      africa cichlid farm |
      betta farm































aquarium 
                fish catagory















our facebook page





 
our facebook page 










www.grandaquatic.net



















































 


:: angel fish 
	:: barb fish 
	:: betta fish 
	:: brackish fish 
	:: cat fish 
	:: cichlid fish 
	:: cichlid-africa fish 
	:: danio fish 
	:: discus fish 
	:: eel fish 
	:: goby fish 
	:: gold fish 
	:: gourami fish 
	:: guppy fish 
	:: guppy specail 
	:: koi fish 
	:: loach fish 
	:: molly fish 
	:: platy fish 
	:: rasbora fish 
	:: sharks fish 
	:: shrimp
	:: swordtail fish 
	:: tattoo fish 
	:: tetras fish 
	:: snail  
	:: other fish 





 



 





 
				 


 
			
			    
			
			
			if you want to know cost for send fish to your country , click here 
			>>



"
			
estimate freight cost "


 
			
			    
			
			
			 


 
			
			    
			
			
			  
clip vdo channel


 
	
			
			
			 



if interesting import fish from our company , please 
			study our company conditions and how to order :  follow this 
			link : 
how to order

















short decision ,fast response of management , full facility of live fish export operations"we deliver the confidence of high quality fish , guarantee alive  and competitive price"





we deliver the 
						best experience in our services for help customers make advantage and profit on business.















freshwater tropical aquarium fish thailand worldwide exporter 
we deliver the 
						best experience in our services for help customers make advantage and profit on business.

we collect & export all kind of freshwater tropical aquarium fish wide variety of species that very popular aquarium fish in the world (betta, guppy ,cichlids, koi fish ,goldfish, discus, shrimp etc).

our network of breeding farm and quarantine & operation packing warehouse certify by aquatic animal health research and development division (aahrdd) , department of fisherues, the ministry of agriculture and co-operative of thailand.

all of fish pass check quality & healthy and free disease that ensure we providing healthy, disease-free fish delivery to customers.

more experience in international shipping and reliable logistics that we help consider the best flight & freight for customers. and we know import/export regulations & paperwork, permits, and certifications.



						we have worldwide tropical fish exports 20 year 
						experience and specialized packing techniques for ensure 
						safe transit for delicate fish and high quality & 
						standard of material for packing (boxes, bag,oxygen 
						supply, and temperature control) 


						we live arrival guarantee and guaranteed by our 
						experience export more than 3,500 shipments to over 40 
						countries.

(ornamental 
						fish for sale, ornamental fish farm collect, ornamental 
						fish export, ornamental fish transportation & logistics)
						












"we are 100% 
					thai company, work & manage by thai team on international 
					standard"


"we know" how to help you successfully in wholesale import 
					freshwater aquarium fish business. 
					if you are and looking for success. 
contact me 
					now. 
  
" 100% satisfaction guarantee "




we are collect and 
						export 						
						freshwater tropical 
						ornamental aquarium fish services 

company.						
						
						 























new page 1






























angel freshwater fish | aquarium fish | fish aquarium













 







         

        update shipment send to our customers and news  











 
            " we operations quarantine and packing aquarium fish for our customers. "

             tag :  
		 

,

 
		  aquarium fish export company






 
            " shipment export high quality aquarium fish to reunion island "

             tag :  
		 

,

 







 
            " shipment send high quality of freshwater aquarium fish to morocco "

             tag :  
		 

,

 







 
            " shipment export freshwater ornamental fish to korea "

             tag :  
		  
		 guppy fish export from thailand
,

 







 
            " koi fish export to official partner at kuwait "

             tag :  
		  
		 koi fish export thailand
,

 







 
            " shipment export ornamental fish to official parter at dubai. "

             tag :  
		  
		 ornamental fish export from thailand
,

 







 
            " shipment export tropical ornamtnal fish to tunisia "

             tag :  
		  
		 no.1 tropical ornamental fish exporter
,

 







 
            " shipment export tropical ornamental fish to poland "

             tag :  
		  
		 ornamental fish export
,

 




























live freshwater 
						aquarium fish services from thailand to worldwide (collector, 
						quarantine, packing, and transportation & logistics )
						










full facility of live freshwater aquarium 
					fish export company and pass health quality control by 
					department of fisheries , thailand.  








we deliver quality of aquarium fish to all 
					customers on reasonable cost of fish and freight cost from 
					the airline.








we send live aquarium fish for customers take profit on business
						
						and already for sell on shop.




(we supply for 
					importer company or for import for business only , not for 
					hobby or personal)











why you must buy freshwater aquarium fish from our company ?



click here !!! 

this is answer..
        
			our business policy for all customers freshwater fish importers :


we only supply high quality of various  freshwater tropical aquarium fish.

we have provide high standard of  live tropical fish exporters process. (quarantine, packing  material 
            and equipment machine , transportation and delivery services , all 
            document provide for all country importer request)

we can offer competitive price for all customers 
            that are aquarium fish importers , aquarium fish wholesalers or
				tropical fish retailers.

we guarantee  alive delivery all freshwater 
			fish on the best condition if had doa , we 
            compensate 100%** 








quality of 
		freshwater aquarium fish export to our customers













koi fish breeding farm for export 

malawi cichlid fish farm for export












       aaaa
        



 tag: tropical fish exporter, freshwater fish exporter 
, ornamental aquarium fish , 
tropical ornamental fishwe supply all kind of aquarium freshwater tropical fish in thailand work with excellence quality aquatic ornamental tropical fish only.
exporter & wholesaler all kind of aquarium freshwater tropical fish in thailand, ornamental fish and aquatic plant in thailand.

we provide you with excellent services and prompt replies. after all, this is a long-term business relationship we're trying to make. send us an e-mail and we'll talk how we can do business together to obtain a "win-win" for both parties.








new page 1





























 






































 







 



new page 1










 

home 
                | about us |
            aquarium 
                fish | 
            | price list |
              fish clip vdo | 

			sample shipment to customer | 
			daily activity & news 
			| 

water quality | 
            business 
                policy  | how 
                to order | contact 
                us | sitemap | 
            
			facebook page  | 
estimate 
			freight cost  
			| hm betta

  


copyright 
                2006 - 2024  by www.grandaquatic.com  alright reserve  




bangkok aqua plus co.,ltd.


109/61 soi. phrayasuren 35, bangchan, khlongsamwa, bangkok, thailand. 10510.


				email 
            :   sale@grandaquatic.com 
			, g.aquatic@gmail.com ,
			grandaquatic@gmail.com  


mobile / sms/whatapp +6681  9317413  
			, office  tel / fax +662 9144491   lind id : 
			grandaquatic
			-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
facebook page :
			https://www.facebook.com/grandaquatic/    
			follow instagram :
			
			grandaquatic_thailand
if you want to visit our 
			company , (please make an appointment in advance. )
please call 081- 9317413 , 
			081-8098849

google map >>> : 

https://goo.gl/dy9yuu
 

             
             



































