


homepage - ben franklin technology partners













































skip to content

 

+-about us





meet ben
our people
support our work
contact us




+-for entrepreneurs





benefits of partnership
what we back
success stories




+-for investors





how we invest
our unique approach
investment partners




partnerships
ben’s impact report 2023
ben franklin by the numbers
portfolio and partner directory
reach out to us
resources for founders
+-ben resources





news and publications
blog
our initiatives
events
careers at ben
building 100




 



search for:








growing the philadelphia region's technology ecosystem for good.




 




at ben franklin, we’re partners with a purpose. growing the philadelphia region is our passion. impact beyond innovation is our goal. we provide capital, counsel, and connections in order to build transformative companies and the communities that help them thrive.
join the circle of benefits
at ben franklin, we accelerate progress by connecting our clients and partners to the programs, organizations, individuals, wisdom, and skill sets that spark momentum. we call this our circle of benefits. when you experience this level of partnership with us, you stand to benefit from the 35 years we have spent building and exploring the innovation and entrepreneurial ecosystem of southeastern pennsylvania, within philadelphia, bucks, delaware, chester, and montgomery counties. joining the circle of benefits means you are securing the best possible partner for building your enterprise, developing your community, and pioneering the growth of new technologies. inside the circle of benefits, you are an active participant in generating industry-leading impact.
learn more









connect to the wisdom, the spark, and the momentum it takes to grow the world's next-level technology.




01
for
entrepreneurs
ben leads in early stage investments.
explore




02
for
investors
ben delivers returns of capital and impact.
explore




03
for
partners
ben aligns with diverse thought leaders.
explore








the latest from ben







startup ecosystem
experian accelerates identity and activation capabilities with acquisition of audigent
view now






social impact
policymap integrates maternal health index to combat disparities
view now






startup ecosystem
biobuzz announces the finalists for its 2024 life sciences awards in the biohealth capital region and greater philadelphia
view now



















ben franklin technology partners of southeastern pennsylvania
building 100 innovation center
4801 south broad street, suite 200
the navy yard, philadelphia, pa 19112
t: 215.972.6700
f: 215.972.5588


join the circle of benefits
portfolio and partner directory
contact
building 100 available lease space


follow ben 









© 2020 ben franklin technology partners of southeastern pennsylvania | privacy policy
ben franklin technology partners is an initiative of the pennsylvania department of community and economic development. in addition to its numerous investment partners, ben franklin receives funding from the ben franklin technology development authority.









 

