























special olympics michigan































      skip to main content
    











secondary navigation


resources


news


search


ways to give


donate


help








home




menu




main navigation


sports



coaches' corner


our sports





programs



unified champion schools (ucs)


special olympics health


somifit


young athletes™


so college


law enforcement torch run®





events



events calendar


state competitions


fundraising events


event hosting form





get involved



our opportunities


become an athlete


become a volunteer





about us



our mission


our history


careers


board of directors


contact us
























revealing the champion in all of us






















 


special olympics michigan 2025 state winter games presented by wertz warriors at the grand traverse resort & spa

special olympics michigan (somi) is thrilled to announce the 2025 state winter games, to be held february 5–7 at the grand traverse resort & spa. this exciting event will bring together more 1,000 participants, including 721 athletes, 177 coaches, 15 unified partners, and 221 chaperones, to compete in five winter sports.







 


support somi: tim hortons serves up special olympics donut 

participating tim hortons u.s. restaurants in michigan will serve special olympics donuts from jan. 31 – feb. 2 with 100% of profits donated to support special olympics athletes.
the tims special olympics donut is a delicious chocolate cake donut dipped in vanilla-flavored icing, topped with rainbow sprinkles and a dollop of whipped topping in the middle. it will be sold at participating tims restaurants in michigan, plus in new york state, and ohio from jan. 31 – feb. 2.






 


make a splash at the 2025 special olympics michigan polar plunge

special olympics michigan (somi) is excited to announce the kickoff of the 2025 polar plunge season, presented by the michigan law enforcement torch run (letr). this year’s plunge season promises to be more exhilarating than ever as brave participants make a splash to support athletes with intellectual disabilities (id) across the state. 











what we do
special olympics michigan provides year-round sports training and athletic competition for children and adults with intellectual disabilities.
athletes develop physical fitness, demonstrate courage and experience joy while participating in the sharing of gifts, skills and friendship among their families, special olympics athletes and the community. the athletes achieve their dreams with the support of caring volunteers, coaches, family members and staff. donations from michigan citizens and businesses provide funding for the program.



23,807 participants
24 sports
2,954 active certified coaches
23,216 volunteers
















somi programs



special olympics michigan has a variety of programs that promote awareness, inclusion, unity, health, and more.






 


special olympics health









 


so college









 


young athletes™









 


unified champion schools (ucs)






















our partners



 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 





















get involved


our opportunities


become an athlete


become a volunteer




somi state office

central michigan university mt. pleasant, mi 48859


office: +1 616 221 7664toll-free: +1 800 644 6404


somi@somi.org




resources


board of directors


regional managers


area dashboard page


high res photos


program guide (2024)


young professionals activation committee (ypac)







created by the joseph k. kennedy jr. foundation for the benefit of persons with intellectual disabilities. 
© 2019 special olympics michigan


footer menu


cookie settings


privacy policy


contact us




social media


sign up for the newsletter


facebook


twitter


linkedin


youtube


flickr


rss














 close





