









home - wine atlas










































home
about us
privacy policy
terms and conditions
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 












blog
our blog

 
 
 
 
 





choosing the correct grout color for your tile
by secure_admin  |  feb 4, 2022  |  tile installation 
when designing your tile project, choosing a tile layout, shape, pattern, and color is one of the best parts. however, people sometimes ignore another crucial design factor. it is the grout color.  

the color of the grout can completely steal the show, fade into the background, or emphasize particular elements of the tile. it does not matter. it’s crucial to pick the correct color of the grout to achieve a high-quality tile design.  
to help you choose the ideal grout color for your detroit tile installation project, here are a couple of tips you can follow: 
multicolored tile 
the multicolored tile might appear extremely difficult when it comes to choosing the grout color. however, you’ve got a couple of attractive options.  
if you choose a veined stone-look tile, you can pick to match the color of the grout with the base color of the tile or with the veining. pick a grout color that blends as much as possible into the tile’s edges for patterned tile. this will help avoid interrupting the pattern. 
choose a grout color dark or light enough that it will contrast with every color in your tile.  match the grout with one of the colors in the tile.  
surrounding interior design 
clearly, you want your grout color to match the color of your tile. however, you shouldn’t ignore the rest of the interior design.  
grout color might appear less bold if it picks up the tones of the room. for instance, grout with red or brown hues can properly coordinate with leather, stone, brick, and wood. 
before choosing a particular color for your grout, ask the designer for grout swatches to compare to the other colors in the room. 
patterns 
you’ve got a lot of options to choose from when you want to play with patterns for your tiles. you might want to utilize thinner grout lines if the tile is patterned itself. also, you can utilize neutral-colored grout to allow the pattern of the tile is the focus.  
meanwhile, grout is an excellent way to capture attention to the layout or shape of your tile. 
the complexity of the design 
though the location and size of your tile affect the design of tile installation, the color of the grout offers you the chance to influence the complexity of the design in any room. 
keep in mind these rules: 
pair the tile with a mid-tone neutral grout color if you want to achieve a look that splits the difference.  utilizing contrasting colors for the grout and tile makes for a more dynamic style.  if you complement tile and grout colors, you can produce a minimalistic appearance with the grout lines fading into the background.  
location of the tile 
the location of the tile can affect the decisions you have for your grout.  
for example, backsplash tile and wall tile might be in your direct line of sight. this makes the grout color decision more noticeable immediately than it may be with some floor areas. in addition to that, it can be overwhelming to have a bold grout color contrast in a huge room. 

 

the cost of insulating a garage
by secure_admin  |  feb 2, 2022  |  spray foam insulation 
do you want your garage to be a more comfortable and conditioned space? well, your best option is to insulate it using foam insulation. 

however, one of the biggest questions that come to mind is how much will it cost?  
well, just like any project, the cost of insulating a garage using foam insulation will greatly differ on the square footage and project. the only material that offers an air seal is spray foam insulation. this makes your garage a conditioned space.  
before you proceed with your garage spray foam insulation detroit project, we’re going to discuss how much it is going to cost. 
cost to insulate the ceiling of your garage 
if there is a room above your garage, a lot of professionals suggest insulating the ceiling as well.  
a lot of homeowners complain too often that the room above their garage is cold. the reason for this is that the cold air coming in through the garage is going up through the floor. insulating the ceiling of the garage using spray foam will help make the room more comfortable.  
the cost of insulating your garage’s ceiling will greatly vary whether or not it’s finished.  
a professional will have to cut strips and spray the cavities if there’s drywall on the ceiling. cutting will not be needed if the cavity of the ceiling is open. a professional will directly spray the foam into the cavity. the cost of installing insulation on the ceiling of your garage will run from around $1,500 to $3,000. 
cost of insulating a finished garage 
the project will need more money if the walls of your garage are finished. 
the reason for this is that the contractors will have to drill holes through the wall, inject the insulation, cover the holes, and create a patch to hide the holes. luckily, you can insulate the walls of your garage without getting rid of all the drywall.  
when it comes to insulating a finished garage, you should expect to pay around $2,500 up to $4,000. 
cost of insulating an unfinished garage 
not every homeowner has a finished garage. perhaps you do not have any plans to finish your garage in the immediate future.  
if so, then the cost of insulating your garage will be a lot cheaper. the contractor will simply spray the foam to the open wall cavities. all you’ve got to do is to pick between closed cell spray foam or open cell spray foam. the choice can also affect the cost of the project. for those who don’t know, open cell spray foam is more affordable.  
when insulating an unfinished garage, you should expect to pay around $2,000 up to $3,000. 
keep in mind that not all garages are built the same. that is why the cost of insulating a garage will vary from one place to another. the overall cost of insulating your garage ceiling and walls differs from the material you want to use. it can run around $3,000 to $8,000. of course, if you want to insulate your garage door, you’ll have to spend an additional $200 to $300.  

 

preparing your house for drywall installation
by secure_admin  |  jan 31, 2022  |  drywall service 
installing drywall can be time-consuming and frustrating. this is particularly true if you don’t prepare for it. however, if you follow the correct steps, your project will move smoothly and quickly.  

when installing drywall, professionals recommend that you hire a certified contractor to ensure a proper and high-quality installation. however, even if you do hire one, you still have to do your part. this means you’ve got to prepare your house before they arrive.  
fortunately, we can help you. here are several tips you can follow to prepare your home for drywall installation by the virginia beach drywall pros. 
have a good vacuum and broom 
even after you sweep up the dust and everything is settled, you will be surprised how much dust will appear out of nowhere once the project is done. it will greatly help you if you vacuum the floors and sweep the walls regularly for a couple of days after the project. thus, you’ve got to prepare a high-quality broom and vacuum. 
cover everything 
installing drywall can be extremely messy. there will be a lot of debris and dust that it can introduce into your house. though any excellent drywall contractor will properly cover your room, it is an excellent idea to move things you do not want to get dirty. if they’re too heavy for you to move, try to tightly cover them in plastic.  
prepare the schedule 
every drywall project will take a different amount of time. however, you should be ready for weeks of sanding, hanging, and demolition if you are having a whole room done.  
thus, you’ve got to plan your schedule depending on the length of the project. 
rely on your contractor 
each room offers new challenges for drywall professionals. there are a lot of factors to consider. this includes the shape of the room, plumbing, and moisture levels. there are tons of guides online. however, a professional drywall contractor has undergone extensive training. you should follow the advice of your contractor once you find the right one.  
trust their guidance once you have hired a reliable contractor. make sure you follow their preparation instructions before the project starts. 
factors that affect the installation time 
here are some of the factors that affect the installation time of your drywall: 
the skill level of the contractor installing the drywall number of individuals installing the drywall 
amount of ventilation number of outlets, cabinets, doors, and windows height and size of ceiling and walls temperature and humidity 
things to consider before hiring a contractor 
experience 
looking around for the ideal contractor to do the installation is important. search for professionals who have a lot of experience and offer high-quality workmanship. with this, you won’t be left scrambling to find another contractor if the first one fails the project. looking for a professional contractor will avoid you from spending more on repairs in the future.  
proper installation 
you need to expect a flawless finish once the drywall installation is done. you should not notice any bubbling, blistering, cracking, or other flaws.  

 

tips on installing kitchen tiles on a budget
by secure_admin  |  jan 28, 2022  |  tile installation 
when you want to change something in your house, one of the first areas you may consider is your kitchen. there are a lot of things you can change in your kitchen. this includes the cabinets, the backsplash, and much more. however, if you’ve got a tight budget, you will have limited options. 

if you are really keen to offer your kitchen a renovation but find that it may be extremely costly, you should consider installing tiles on your kitchen.  
today, we’re going to share with you some tips on tile installation atlanta on a budget. 
you do not have to tile the entire kitchen 
since there are a lot of options to choose from when it comes to tiles, you might be tempted to tile the entire kitchen. however, you should consider not doing it instead. for example, you should try installing tiles on the lower half of your kitchen wall. if you follow this, you can have the budget to purchase expensive tiles to create a feature or buy cheaper tiles to cover a bigger area. you can even combine both of these things.  
if you choose a cheap and plain tile, you can create an impact by interspersing patterned tiles. to create patterns and lines and add a flash of color, use metro tiles or mosaic tiles. on the other hand, you can use various tones and shades of the same color to create appealing features. you can talk to a professional tile installation company if you aren’t sure how your ideas fit together. a professional can help provide excellent ideas for your kitchen.  
ceramic tiles are affordable 
glass, quartz, and porcelain tiles appear fabulous. however, they are a bit expensive. on the other hand, the most affordable one you can purchase is ceramic tile. however, you should not consider them as low-quality. while they’re cheap, they still provide a lot of the same advantages as porcelain tiles. however, they might not last as long. also, you should take precise measurements of the place you want to tile. this will help you purchase the right number of tiles. make sure you buy several additional ones in case of any errors.  
go diy 
you will clearly save on the cost of hiring a tile installation company to do the job for you if you tile your kitchen on your own. a professional tile installation company can offer you a lot of recommendations on the ideal tiles for your budget. they’ll also recommend how to properly do a diy project. it might take more time if you do it yourself. however, you can tile your kitchen and save money with enough patience and practice. 
consider the extras 
if your mind is filled with thrilling ideas, it is easy to ignore the equipment and accessories you require to tile the kitchen. you’ve got to ensure you budget for things such as trims, tile spacers, grouting, adhesive, and tile cutters. this will help you do the job properly if you plan to do install tiles on your own.  

 

the benefits and drawbacks of drywall
by secure_admin  |  jan 27, 2022  |  drywall service 
it’s important that you get the right building materials, whether you’re in the process of remodeling or constructing a new home. ceilings and walls ought to be durable and stable. in addition to that, you should keep in mind that they’re considered permanent constructions.  

one common practice is to install drywall on both walls and ceilings. while there are benefits and drawbacks when you choose drywall, the benefits of this material appear to outweigh the drawbacks. thus, it is only normal that almost every residential and commercial properties use drywall nowadays.  
however, it’s still best that you know the pros and cons of drywall before you proceed. that’s why we’re here to help. before you hire drywall pros atlanta, here are the benefits and drawbacks of drywall that you should know: 
drywall benefits 
you can easily install recessed lighting and hang anything you like with drywall walls and ceilings.  you can use drywall for the construction of regular ceilings and walls. however, you can also utilize it as a partition. you can easily remove and install it and cut it in any size. it is cost-effective. 
since it consists of gypsum, drywall is fire resistant. thus, it can help stop the spread of fire.  while drywall is quite heavy, an expert drywall contractor with the correct equipment and tools can easily install drywall, whether for ceilings or walls. thus, you’ve got nothing to worry about.  drywall is manufactured quicker compared to other materials. thus, you can ensure that this material is always available for your construction needs. 
drywall drawbacks 
drywall isn’t extremely durable. while this is obviously a drawback, it is only fair to say that you can make the surface much stronger with drywall plastering. 
while drywall can be easily installed, professionals need to be an experienced contractor since they’ve got to properly perform finishing or you’ll have issues with the tapes or joints in the future. also, they need to prepare the roof before the project starts since drywall produces dust that can spread easily around your home.  the surface will be prone to damage if you don’t have plaster over your drywall. you can easily damage drywall because it isn’t resistant to impact. thus, you may have issues with joints cracking, tapes coming off, damaged corners, holes, and much more. luckily, you can hire a professional to fix these problems for you.  drywall isn’t resistant to water. its condition may be affected if you install it in basements, bathrooms, or high-moisture areas. also, damp drywall will enable infestations of mold. you have to replace your drywall if it is water damaged. thus, it’s better to install fiberglass drywall rather than paper drywall.  
the drawbacks of drywall are issues that you can fix. you should not have any issues if you take precautionary measures and choose the correct materials and drywall professionals from the beginning. also, small issues are manageable. obviously, the benefits of drywall are a lot and offer you an excellent reason for investing in this material.  

 



 

 



search for:



 

recent posts


choosing the correct grout color for your tile


the cost of insulating a garage


preparing your house for drywall installation


tips on installing kitchen tiles on a budget


the benefits and drawbacks of drywall


 recent comments  wine atlaschoosing the correct grout color for your tilethe cost of insulating a garagepreparing your house for drywall installationtips on installing kitchen tiles on a budgetthe benefits and drawbacks of drywall archives

february 2022
january 2022

 categories

drywall service

spray foam insulation

tile installation


 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 




  

 
 
 














