

  








mrdonn.org k-12 social studies and social sciences for kids and teachers - games, activities, learning modules, lesson plans, powerpoints and more - free lesson plans activities games powerpoints handouts - for kids and teachers









privacy and cookie policy
ancient history
our free lesson plans and classroom activities
archaeology
early humans
mesopotamia
egypt
greece
rome
china
india
celts
myths
gods
games
quizzes
7 wonders
free use clipart
american history
our free lesson plans and classroom activities
native americans 
new world explorers
13 colonies
revolutionary war
creating a new nation and us constitution
western expansion
the civil war
industrial revolution
wwi
roaring 20s
great depression
wwii
more
geography
government
new economics

	   ancient roots modern holidays
religions
world history
incas
mayas
aztecs
african kingdoms
vikings
middle ages
renaissance reformation and more
age of exploration
world wars
main index
quizzes, with answers
faq, about us, contact

show moreshow less






home
games
our lesson plans
stories
faqs
privacy
home
explore



 










mr. donn's sitefor kids & teachers





ancient history: free use lesson plans,
			   kids sections,
			   interactive games


for kids:
	
	ancient civilizations and archaeology 
	for kids - early humans, ancient mesopotamia, ancient egypt, ancient 
	greece, ancient rome, ancient china, ancient india, iron age celts, mongols, 
	7 ancient wonders, ancient stories and myths, archaeology for kids, and more


for kids:  
	original stories about the ancient greeks:  the hercules 
detective agency - the terrible tutor, the amazing matchmaker, the bad 
barber, the stone zoo, and many more. join herc and his buddies as they solve mysteries in 
ancient greece, original short stories by lin and don donn 


for kids:
native american 
	history - stories, myths, legends, festivals, customs, primary tribes, 
	more


for teachers:
free use k-12 lesson plans. 
simulations, classroom activities 
for ancient civilizations, early humans, archaeology, native americans ancient 
civilizations include ancient mesopotamia, ancient egypt, ancient greece, 
			   ancient rome, ancient china, ancient india, iron age celts, 
			   mongols, 7 ancient wonders, american indians in the americans, and more


american history:
 free use lesson plans,
			   kids sections,
			   interactive games


for kids:
american history 
for kidsnew world explorers, native americans, 13 colonies, american revolution, freedom documents, 
                  a new nation, western expansion, slavery, american civil war, industrial revolution, the
                  nation grows, progressive era, gilded age, immigration, factories, roaring 20s, great
                  depression, us civil rights movement, patriotic symbols, wars, economics, 
interactive games, and
                  more


for teachers:
free 
			   use k-12 lesson plans and classroom activities for american 
			   history


american government: 
free use lesson plans,
			   kids sections,
			   interactive games


for kids:
american government for kids
declaration, constitution, amendments, 3 branches, 
			   interactive games, and more


for teachers:
free 
			   use k-12 lesson plans and classroom activities for american government



new section - economics for kids: 
free use lesson plans,
kids sections, 
interactive games


for kids:
	
economics for kids
	economics can be simply defined as the social science of making, 
	distributing, selling, and purchasing goods. in the kids sections, find 
	interactive free online games, activities, and cartoons about economics!



for teachers:

free use k-12 lesson 
	plans and classroom activities for economics


world history: 
free use lesson plans,
			   kids sections,
			   interactive games



for kids and
					teachers:
world history index
					dark ages, medieval europe/middle ages, renaissance, 
					reformation, industrial revolution, world wars, incas, 
					mayas, aztecs, vikings, celts, and more. original free use 
					lesson plans and units, learning sections for kids, 
					interactive games.



geography: 
free use lesson plans,
			   kids sections,
			   interactive games


for kids:
us and world geography for 
kids 5 themes, landforms, maps, map skills, latitude 
and longitude, continents, oceans, regions, human geography,
interactive games,  and more


for teachers:
	
free use k-12 lesson plans 
and classroom activities for geography



ancient roots, modern holidays: free use lesson plans,
			   kids sections,
			   interactive games



for kids 
and 
			   teachers: 
			   	
ancient roots, modern holidays for kids and
                  teachers - games, activities, lessons, and more



free
online interactive games and activities for kids


free interactive games 
			   and activities for kids for ancient history, world history, geography, holidays, 
	economics, geography, and more


ask mr. donn: interactive q&a: free use test prep, unit 
reviews for kids and 
teachers


free interactive q&a - unit reviews, test
                  prep - designed for grades 6-9, middle school


and more


free use social studies classroom activities:
	some ours, some sent to us: classroom activities & 
final projects for teachers for the classroom


myths for kids: 
	myths, legends, stories for kids retold by lin donn 


free use presentations:
			   in powerpoint format 
                  for classroom use


other topics & sections:





					 language arts

sociology

propaganda techniques
					  



frequently asked 
					 questions

copyrights and 
					 fair use

awards



is your material copyrighted or may i use it?

answer:  
yes, our material is copyrighted. nearly all the original material on the web is copyrighted thanks to laws that immediately copyright original work loaded to the web. that's why loading a webpage is called "published". if you copy other people's work and post it on 
			   your own or another site, that work is still copyrighted. you could be in a lot of trouble 
			   copying other peoples work in the wrong way even if you're a kid. 
			   for more information on copyrights, see this site for what you 
			   can and cannot do: 

copyright & fair use laws. 
			   our stories and myths are additionally copyrighted with the u.s. copyright 
			   office, library of congress. 

but, of course you may use our lesson plans, units, and learning modules in your classrooms with some restrictions.
			    restrictions: direct links to our site are always appreciated. however, you may not make a copy of our material, put your name on it, and turn it in as your work. you may not copy our material and post it on your web page or anyone else's web page. you may not mirror our site. you may not frame our site. you may not pass our site through your proxy server in order to block ads. 
			    you may not distribute and/or sell our work without our written permission. to do 
			   any of these things is copyright infringement, which is a crime.


pete's power point
                  station
				  free use presentations
                  in powerpoint format for ancient history, 

				  american history, geography, holidays, religions, and more







with great excitement, we are pleased to
               announce
we're
               published!
besides all the 
				educational materials 
				we have 
				posted freely online for teachers and kids to use, we also have 
				books and educational materials available for purchase. our publisher adds new material all the 
				time to their catalogue and things do get rearranged. we try to 
				keep an eye on it, but if the links below need updating, just search their site for lin and don donn. 
				thank you.mr. donn and
               maxie's always something you can use seriescomplete units 
			for teachers with meaningful classroom activitiesfor the study 
of ancient civilizations, designed for 5th/6th gradesbut can be adjusted for 
any grade
               written by lin & don donn, published by good year books

mr. donn and
               maxie's ancient history powerpoints serieseach notebook 
				includes printouts, plus a computer disc with all the 
				powerpoints and original clipart for use in the classroomwritten by lin & don donn,
illustrated by phillip martin, published by good year books


               donnanciv@aol.com
privacy policy  about us  pppst  free educational games


all rights reserved
have a great year.






