





hazelden betty ford | drug and alcohol treatment centers
















































skip to main content












  
  








search
















graduate school







thought for the day







donate







careers







patient login









1-866-831-5700










getting started






			move back
		









					getting started
						



contact us​
						



take a self-test​
						



check your insurance​
						



our admissions process​
						



refer a patient​
						

















programs & services






			move back
		







teen & young adult treatment tracks






learn about our acclaimed national behavioral health center, with specialized care for patients ages 12-18 and ages 18-25.






contact our referral team 






our referent relations team is ready to assist you! our team can answer your questions and streamline the intake process.


call now
online referral














					our services​
						



inpatient
						



outpatient
						



virtual
						



mental health
						



youth/young adult
						



family & children's services
						



recovery coaching and monitoring
						



detox
						



 admissions process​
						








					learn about addiction
						



how to do an intervention​
						



what is addiction?​
						



types of addiction​
						



addiction signs & symptoms​
						



adderall signs & symptoms​
						



alcohol signs & symptoms​
						



benzos signs & symptoms​
						



cocaine signs & symptoms
						



marijuana signs & symptoms​
						



meth signs & symptoms​
						



opioids signs & symptoms
						








					learn about mental health
						



types of mental health disorders
						



depression signs & symptoms
						



anxiety signs & symptoms
						



bpd signs & symptoms
						



seasonal affective disorder signs & symptoms
						









faq










our locations






			move back
		







our locations






in spring 2025, hazelden betty ford foundation will be opening an outpatient center in hudson, wi specializing in mental health and addiction. 






our center for teens & young adults






welcome to the #1 adolescent treatment center, with specialized care for patients ages 12-18 and ages 18-25.


learn more














					california
						



los angeles
						




rancho mirage (betty ford center)
						




san diego
						




online virtual services
						




					colorado
						




greenwood village (children's program)
						





					florida
						



naples
						




online virtual services
						




					illinois
						



chicago
						




online virtual services
						








					minnesota
						



center city
						




chaska
						




maple grove
						




plymouth (ages 12-18)
						




plymouth (ages 18-25)
						




st. paul
						




online virtual services
						




					new york
						



new york
						




online virtual services
						








					oregon
						



beaverton
						




newberg
						




online virtual services
						




					washington
						



bellevue
						




online virtual services
						




					wisconsin
						



hudson
						




online virtual services
						











learn more






			move back
		







join our team!






learn about our culture and benefits. search our job openings at multiple locations.












not ready to apply? join our talent community for new job updates.


learn more














 about us​
						




faq
						



treatment success rates​
						



our leadership team​
						



contact us​
						



our admissions process​
						



check your insurance​
						








resources
						




events​
						



webinars​
						



articles​
						



alumni services
						











explore our other services














 







search










trending searches







alcoholism




family




signs of addiction











back to navigation

























the nation's #1 addiction treatment center

addiction and mental health treatment services




take a self-test 





call now
1-866-831-5700























how can we help?










        accepted health insurance
    
we are in-network with most major health insurance companies. see our complete list and talk with our experienced staff who can guide you in accessing the maximum benefits available.




check your insurance



















how can we help?
explore our services


















        inpatient treatment
    


our residential level of care is an ideal option if you are at high risk of experiencing alcohol or drug withdrawal requiring detox. 



























        outpatient treatment
    


you have the motivation to get sober, but you can't step away from responsibilities in order to go to an inpatient treatment program. 




























        treatment for teens and young adults
    
our nationally recognized behavioral health center specializes in outpatient  and residential care for teens and young adults, with specific programs for patients ages 12-18 and ages 18-25.




learn more


























        mental health
    


with in-person and virtual appointments available, our mental health professionals meet you where you are with expert care.



















        family support
    


when addiction is in the picture, everyone in your family can benefit from help and support. we specialize in helping you heal and grow, together.























where are we located?

        discover our treatment locations
    







center city, mn





rancho mirage, ca





plymouth, mn





newberg, or





naples, fl





chaska, mn





st. paul, mn





maple grove, mn





chicago, il





san diego, ca





beaverton, or





bellevue, wa





new york, ny















wondering if your alcohol or drug use is becoming a problem? take a quick, confidential self-assessment to get a better idea of your situation.






take a self-test










our numbers speak for themselves

with the right care, support and time, recovery from substance use disorders isn’t just the norm. recovery is the catalyst for an all-around better quality of life.































real people, real stories

        joanne's story of recovery
    
addiction creates an unbearable shame that clouds our vision and makes it hard to believe we deserve love and tenderness. then the magic happens: we form a true connection to someone who’s been where we are now and wants the absolute best for us, and we begin to believe in the hope of recovery. watch to learn more.
 




read more reviews



















frequently asked questions







why choose the hazelden betty ford foundation for addiction treatment?





the experts at hazelden betty ford have developed the recovery field’s most trusted and comprehensive care for you and your family. empathy, evidence-based practices and patient-centered care are at the heart of our treatment approach, with the aim of helping you achieve long-term recovery and well-being.
beyond inpatient and outpatient addiction treatment and outpatient mental health care, hazelden betty ford offers you today’s most innovative recovery support services and resources including virtual and phone-based coaching, web tools, mobile apps, hazelden publishing self-help books and more.
our holistic approach to addiction treatment and recovery has been emulated throughout the world, and we are seen as a standard-bearer of quality and integrity.
when the hazelden foundation, based in center city, minnesota, and the betty ford center, located in rancho mirage, california, merged in 2014, the hazelden betty ford foundation became the nation’s leading nonprofit addiction and mental health treatment provider. learn more about the fascinating history and pioneering work of hazelden and the betty ford center.
hazelden was established in 1949, with a forward-thinking approach to the problem of alcoholism—an approach built on emerging twelve step principles and practices, lay counseling and abiding compassion for the individual receiving care. the betty ford center was established in 1982, with betty ford—"the first lady of recovery"—bringing unprecedented visibility to the problem of drug addiction and the promise of treatment and recovery.
today, with headquarters on the lakeside campus in center city where it all began in 1949, the hazelden betty ford foundation serves patients across the country with locations in california, colorado, florida, illinois, minnesota, new york, oregon and washington. you can easily find a treatment center location near you. in addition, most of our services can be accessed virtually.







what is treatment like at hazelden betty ford?





whether you come to us for inpatient rehab or an outpatient program, your core treatment activities will include:

group therapy
individual therapy
educational presentations and workshops
special-focus groups
mental health services
mindfulness and relaxation practices

your treatment plan will be structured and individualized based on your clinical needs. if you are in one of our residential treatment programs, you will receive a schedule each day with the individual and group sessions to attend.







do you offer online treatment services?





yes. hazelden betty ford provides virtual addiction treatment programs and mental health services. you can access our telehealth services by using your smartphone, tablet, laptop, desktop computer or any device with an internet connection and a camera. in addition to the easy-to-use video conferencing platform, our virtual systems comply with federal and state health care privacy regulations (e.g., meets hipaa-compliant telemedicine standards). 

























harnessing science, love and the wisdom of lived experience, we are a force of healing and hope ​​​​​​​for individuals, families and communities affected by substance use and mental health conditions.




































for help, call:
1-866-831-5700










general info & admissions
1-866-831-5700




publishing
1-800-328-9000




graduate school
1-866-831-5700




media
1-866-831-5700




medical records
1-651-213-4492




philanthropy
1-888-535-9485




























stay in the know with hazelden betty ford foundation emails





sign up:










2025 hazelden betty ford foundation. all rights reserved. 







terms of use


privacy


notice of privacy practices


accessibility


nondiscrimination













 


1-866-831-5700















we use our own and third-party cookies to improve your experience and to analyze the use of our website. find out more about how we use cookies in our privacy policy.







reject cookies






accept cookies

























