



  









mercury telecom » mercury telecom














































888.866.4638 













888.866.4638













										phone
									

business phone
residential phone




										internet
									

fixed wireless internet
dsl internet
residential & small business fiber internet
enterprise fiber internet




										hosting
									

web hosting
domain registration
e-mail hosting




 customers
                                    


account manager
customer support
email
phone manager - pbx1
phone manager - pbx2
phone manager - pbx3
website manager - cpanel
website manager - websiteos







  sales: 888.866.4638 







business phone service

mercurytel
packed with features, exceptionally customizable,and incredibly affordable!
learn more!






click here for

important information
regarding your wisconsin wireless broadband service!
learn more!




web, email, & domain

hosting
easy and affordable hosting with superiorsupport and outstanding reliability!
learn more!










your full-service internet communications company providing customized phone & internet & hosting services





get started now!
or call 866-get-web6








learn more about our services:







fiber internet
mercury telecom fiber internet is the fastest method of connection ever created!







high-speed internet
mercury telecom wireless broadband is the cutting-edge alternative to cable and dsl.










web hosting
easy and affordable web hosting with superior support and outstanding reliability!







e-mail hosting
get exchange-level e-mail, calendaring, and collaboration for a fraction of the cost. with superior support and outstanding reliability.







domain registration
with mercury telecom, we'll help you find the best domain name for your business or personal needs. a variety of domains are available to be registered quickly, easily, and affordably.









business phone service
with our unique combination of phone service, technology, and expertise, and backed by our amazing phonepro support, mercurytel is the business phone service you’ve been longing for. 







home phone service
use your high-speed internet connection to make and receive calls using your existing home phones!











								mercury telecom is 
								


fast!
secure!
dependable!




just ask our customers:





























































































latest news






6
feb

bertram communications
we are excited to announce that our wisconsin wireless broadband customers are joining the bertram communications family! read more 





11
may

social media
making heads and tails of the world of social media: the platforms, the pros, and the cons.read more 











what client’s say





i just had to send this email to you. phil came in this morning and said he called china last night and was thrilled with the quality of the voice and with the ease of the call. i also wanted to let you know that all the phones have been working so good and we are very happy with them:) thank you for all of your energies and kindness getting us up and running correctly!






marlamidland, mi






thank you! last week i could not connect to www.mercury.net.  i called tech help and learned that your experts identified unusual activity. they were about to contact me when i called. over several phone calls, tim, jason and one other guy that i did not write down helped me re-establish connection and helped me get established with malwarebytes, etc.  all three of these guys were terrific! i have been a mercury customer since about 1997 and one reason is the great service provided. thanks mercury team!






jim s.elk rapids, mi






the local rep was very helpful to me when my computer was acting up; he solved my problem in a few minutes. you are a great company and i am very happy with the service provided to me for many years.






barbara k.manitowoc, wi






we have had your service for 6 years and have always been delighted with the professionalism of every person we have met.






marsha b.kewaunee, wi






i have to tell you, the service is awesome. we've been a customer of yours for many years, since (dial-up)... service has been absolutely fantastic.






roger b.washington, mi






jason, thank you so much for all you did ... for being so helpful and pleasant ... that sure makes a difference ... one doesn't always get good service today.






jeanmarie s.manitowoc, wi






this evening, i called mercury support to help troubleshoot a wifi connection from the router. noel was our support person. i wanted to let you know what a great job he did. he was very patient and continued troubleshooting until the issues were completely resolved. he was very pleasant and very knowledgeable. i was very impressed. even when i became frustrated with the router reset not working (when it really was working), he assured me we would resolve the problem. and we did! job well done noel. thank you!






michelle k.casco, wi






thank you so much for all you do for your customers. you are always so helpful when called upon, even for simple frustrations… your employees are quite knowledgeable along with their kind dispositions! many thanks.






anonymousevart, mi






i just wanted to take a moment to thank you for the wonderful service we have received from mercury since we joined mercury. even without all of the recent added enhancements, the service you have provided has been without fault. we sometimes take for granted those things. thanks.






anonymousbrighton, mi






good morning noel. yesterday on open mic on our local radio station your boss was on. i called in and told him what a great job you guys (you and nate) did. maybe he will take you out for breakfast? have a great day!






ronwi






big thank you to brad for taking the time to diagnose and getting my ipad working correctly and able to send my emails. i will definitely recommend mercury telecom to anyone looking for internet service.






cherylwi






thanks for great service without the ads! we are a long time customer and we're grateful we found you.






d.s.k.wi















about mercury telecom
mercury telecom is a privately held company headquartered in midland, mi, founded in 1996.  mercury provides a complete line of telecommunications products and services, including high-speed internet access, hosting, and next-generation telephone services. more about us 



internet

 fixed wireless internet
 dsl internet
 residential & small business fiber internet
 enterprise fiber internet



hosting

 web hosting
 domain registration
 e-mail hosting



phone

 business phone
 residential phone



more

 referral rewards
 latest news










© copyright 2025. all rights reserved.




contact us
866.get.web6
888.866.4638


follow us

facebook
linkedin










contact us
company
careers
site map
 legal 

- broadband info
- terms of service
- privacy policy





















































