

song of songs 2:1-7



		<$blogrsdurl$>
		
		












song of songs 2:1-7
songofsongs217@yahoo.com




11.29.2007
you'd be so nice to come home to by cole porter 

			  you'd be so nice to come home toyou'd be so nice by the firewhile that breeze on night sings a lullabyyou'd be all my heart could desireunder stars chilled by the winterunder an august moon shining aboveyou'd be so nice you'd be paradiseto come home to and love
# posted by cammie @ 9:38:00 pm

5.05.2007
sung by marynne faithful written by m. jagger / k. richards 

			  mailprintvotesmallerlarger(m. jagger/k. richards)it is the evening of the dayi sit and watch the children playsmiling faces i can seebut not for mei sit and watchas tears go bymy riches cant buy everythingi want to hear the children singall i hear is the soundof rain falling on the groundi sit and watchas tears go byit is the evening of the dayi sit and watch the children playdoin things i used to dothey think are newi sit and watchas tears go by
# posted by cammie @ 9:26:00 am

3.17.2007
sweet lilac by anonymous 

			  i ask you whyand you say that is your namei knew that i would crycuz that’s the name of the game for mei asked you to stay and you said, “not dreaming.”i knew that i could playand that’s the name of the game for mei saw you in a shadowyou were singingshadow raysthat’s where you’ll always becuz that’s the name of the game for youoh you’re a cool kidoh you’re a foolknow you’re a handsome manyou’ll teach meyou’re a schoolcome backcome backsomeday come backand i’ll see you in the blackcome back come backcome backand we’ll make it all blackoh you’re a cool kidoh you’re a foolknow you’re a handsome manyou’ll teach meyou’re a school
# posted by cammie @ 2:03:00 am

3.15.2007
we got more by anonymous 

			  (male vocals)oh, what are you going to do when the grass grows darkoh, what are you going to do when the curtain fallsoh, what are you going to do in the summer heathow you going to talk to the people you meetwe don’t need it anymoreno, no, nowe got more and that’s for sureyeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeahoh, we can see the circles running through your eyesoh, we can hear the holes diggin with your liesoh, how you gonna act when you meet your foehow you gonna act when he takes your doughwe don’t need it anymoreno, no, nowe got more and that’s for sureyeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,oh, how are you going to do when the grass grows darkoh, how are you going to do when the curtain fallsoh, how are you going to do in the summer heathow you going to talk to the people you meetwe don’t need it anymoreno, no, nowe got more and that’s for sureyeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah(female vocals)daytime makes it righti see the light of the sun and i wonder while everyone slumbers alone with themselves in the bluesdaytime makes it righti see the light of the sun and i wonder while everyone slumbers alone with themselves in the bluesla la la la lala la la la lala la la la lala la la la lala la la la lala la la la lala la la la la
# posted by cammie @ 2:17:00 am

up to you by anonymous 

			  sometimes i get lostand i think its time to call it a dayand i find and i can’t even start to stop a dreami look back to the times when i couldn’t stand in front of myself and back track to the sound of my most important theme following up to youi see her and i see you and me reflected innocently and i’m shown she’ll discover the world and maybe more she wakes with a cry that just means she wants to be at it againshe makes up with those eyes that i have seen all those times before following up to youi can see the candle glowing i can hear the winds are blowingi still feel my heart a flowingflowing all over youi can laugh and take my fun inplay songs and maybe sun ini feel my heart a runningrun all the way to yourun all the way to yousometimes i get lostand i think its time to call it a daybut i find that i can’t even start to stop a dreamstart to stop a dreamstart to stop a dreamfollowing up to youi can see the candle glowing i can hear the winds are blowingi still feel my heart a flowingflowing all over youi can laugh and take my fun inplay songs and maybe sun ini feel my heart a runningrun all the way to yourun all the way to yourun all the way to you
# posted by cammie @ 1:54:00 am



# posted by cammie @ 1:54:00 am

2.17.2007
i see a darkness by bonnie 'prince' billy 

			  well, you're my friend and can you see many times we've been out drinking many times we've shared our thoughts but did you ever, ever notice, the kind of thoughts i got well you know i have a love, a love for everyone i know and you know i have a drive, to live i won't let go but can you see this opposition, comes rising up sometimes that is dreadful imposition, comes blackening in my mind and then i see a darkness and then i see a darknessand then i see a darknessand then i see a darknessdid you know how much i love you there's a hope that somehow you can save me from this darkness well i hope that someday buddy we have peace in our lives together or apart alone or with our wives and we can stop our whoring and pull the smiles inside and light it up forever and never go to sleep my best unbeaten brother this isn't all i see oh no, i see your darknessoh no, i see your darknessoh no, i see your darknessoh no, i see your darknessdid you know how much i love you there's a hope that somehow you youcan save me from this darkness
# posted by cammie @ 1:17:00 am

1.26.2007
you've got a friend by carol king 

			  when you're down and troubledand you need some loving careand nothing, nothing is going rightclose your eyes and think of meand soon i will be thereto brighten up even your darkest nightyou just call out my nameand you know wherever i ami'll come running to see you againwinter, spring, summer or fallall you have to do is calland i'll be thereyou've got a friendif the sky above yougrows dark and full of cloudsand that old north wind begins to blowkeep your head togetherand call my name out loudsoon you'll hear me knocking at your dooryou just call out my nameand you know wherever i ami'll come running to see youwinter, spring, summer or fallall you have to do is calland i'll be thereain't it good to know that you've got a friendwhen people can be so coldthey'll hurt you, and desert youand take your soul if you let themoh, but don't you let themyou just call out my nameand you know wherever i ami'll come running to see you againwinter, spring, summer or fallall you have to do is calland i'll be thereyou've got a friend
# posted by cammie @ 10:44:00 am

1.09.2007
summersong by jeff eubank 

			  the sidewalk simmers, burning like musk in the air,weeds stick their heads out of cracks in the square,the fair sounds echo with fun as its theme,and windows fan themselves as children scream.everything is just the same as it seems,everything’s the same in summer in a summer dream.the streetside windows open, music rolls out,the prophet on the corner takes another bow,the hydrant’s on so prepare for a drought.the summer blooms with sonic booms and thunder’s tune,while fireflies become the lightning of june.the fading sunset whispers red,from the glass building above my head,trees so high they assault the sky to be fed.the summer blooms with sonic booms and thunder’s tune,while fireflies become the lightning of june.the earthian summer’s like salt in the sea,an endless supply, so a little for me.my clothes are wet now and they stick to my skin,i guess i’ll just go leave myself to a friend,a summerwind…
# posted by cammie @ 9:29:00 pm

9.06.2006
tebi majko misli lete 

			  tebi majko misli lete,preko polja i planina,iz daleka primi pozdravod jedinog tvoga sina.u tudini ja sam sada.sudbina nas rastavila.da li cu te ikad viseja vidjeti majko mila?zaboravit nikad necu,tvoje oci blage, mile,i rucice, majko, tvoje,koje su me othranile.
# posted by cammie @ 12:29:00 am

9.04.2006
a trip by morgansorange 

			  i'd love to be in hendersonwhere anything is possibleand simple ideas become real,real,real,real,real,real.i love the fucking weather therewith a forecast of smilingand a low front with no shame,shame,shame,shame,shame,shame.you hear the world so differentlyit's a hell of a placemaybe i'll visit one soon day,day,day,day,day,day.or maybe,i'll move there and i'll stay.
# posted by cammie @ 8:45:00 pm

8.01.2006
andy warhol by dana gilespi 

			  like to take a cement fixbe a standing cinemadress my friends up just for showsee them as they really areput a peephole in my braintwo new pence to have a goi'd like to be a galleryput you all inside my showandy warhol looks a screamhang him on my wallandy warhol, silver screencan't tell them apart at allandy walking, andy tiredandy take a little snoozetie him up when he's fast asleepsend him on a pleasant cruisewhen he wakes up on the seabe sure to think of me and youhe'll think about paint and he'll think about gluewhat a jolly boring thing to doandy warhol looks a screamhang him on my wallandy warhol, silver screencan't tell them apart at allandy warhol looks a screamhang him on my wallandy warhol, silver screencan't tell them apart at all
# posted by cammie @ 1:30:00 pm

let me stay a while by bergen white 

			  la la la la la la la la la la la la la lacan i stay with you a whilei don't mind behind your smileyou don't have to say the things you used to sayjust let me sleep here for a timein the warmth of your love and mineand tomorrow i'll be on my wayfor now just hold mein the warmth of your gentle smilejust tonight i'm with youand i'll be goin' on my wayfor now just hide me'til i have the strength to gofor now all i want to knowis morning and your sighlet me stay with you a whilei don't mind behind your smileyou don't have to say the things you used to sayno, nojust let me sleep here for a timein the warmth of your lovin' minduntil i find the strength to gola la la la la la la la la la la la la lala la la la la la la la la la la la la lala la la la la la la la la la la la la lala la la la la la la la la la la la la la
# posted by cammie @ 11:19:00 am

7.06.2006
i have been alone by common people 

			  i’ve been groovin’ a long timetime to make my loveto see that she is minegivin’ her all my feelingsgiven too much timei have been alonesay therewhat have i done wrongfor our love to take so longtimes i have waitedtimes i have diedi have been alonesay it nowtell mewhat i am to doseem that that can’t get through to yougiven too much feelinggiven too much timei have been alone
# posted by cammie @ 2:02:00 pm

7.05.2006
hexagon by judy lander 

			  from the highways and jungles the dragons came downto bribed me with diamondsto bribe me with crownsto bribe me with crownsthey wanted to knowjust what i believedi ran away laughing when they let me leavethey let me leavei ran to the mountains i fell into cavesi met all the witches in their black paradesoh, their black paradesone spoke of the anvilone spoke of the stakethey bound me with spellsthat i could not breakand i’m runningoh, runningi’ve got to escape – i’m runnin’i know i’m too latei’m runnin’oh, yeahin fear of these cliffs i fell back to the streetsthese flames at my headah, these flames at my feetflames at my feetthe pied piper screamedyou know it’s coming sooni asked him what is ithe pointed to the moonand i’m runningoh, runningi’ve got to escape – i’m runnin’i know i’m too latei’m runnin’oh, yeahthe hustler and thiefthey were very discretemade it quite clearthat we should never meetoh, never should meetbut the games are all stolenthey own only feareach walked into mirrorsand both disappearedand i’m runningoh, runningi’ve got to escape – i’m runnin’i know i’m too latei’m runnin’oh, yeahthe streets are just skeletonsthey gnaw at my skulli can’t be too sureif there's anything there at allanything there at alli’d ask the man that just set up his boothbut i’m afraid he might tell me the truthand i’m runningoh, runningi’ve got to escape – i’m runnin’i know i’m too latei’m runnin’oh, yeah
# posted by cammie @ 7:29:00 pm

from within by sapphire thinkers 

			  no matter what you feelyou got to feel from withinand everyday you wakeyou wonder how you're gonna feellet me say to youif you feel it from withinyou make it easy for the one you love to reach youno matter how you tryyou're gonna fall a few timesand after all the bad has settled down in your soullet me say to youif you feel it from withinyou make it easy for the one you love to reach youdown to my souldown to my kneeslet me say to youif you feel it from withinyou make it easy for the one you love to reach youdown to my souldown to my heartdown to my knees
# posted by cammie @ 3:49:00 pm

turquoise by joan baez 

			  your eyes - beams like sunlight - on the gull's wingand the leaves - dance and play - after youtake my hand - and hold it - as you would a flowertake care with my heart - oh darling - she's made of glassyour eyes - feel like sunlight - resting on meand the birds - cease to sing - when you riseride easy - your fairy stallion - you have mountedtake care how you fly - my precious - you might fall downin the pastel - shaded of sunlight - skies i have wanderedwith my eyes and ears and heart - strained to the fulli know i tasted the essence - in those few daystake care who you love - oh, darling - he might not know
# posted by cammie @ 3:38:00 pm

frozen love written by l. buckingham and s. nicks 

			  you may not be as strong as me and i may not care to teach you it may be hard to keep up with me but i'll always be able to reach you and if you go forward (if you go forward) i'll meet you there and if you climb up through the cold, freezing air look down below you; search out above and cry out to life for a frozen love cry, love life gave me you; yeah, the change was made and there's no beginning over you are not happy, but what is love? hate gave you me for a lover... and if you go forward (if you go forward) i'll meet you there and if you climb up through the cold, freezing air look down below you; search out above and cry out to life for a frozen love cry, love you may not be (you may not be) as strong as me (as strong as me) and i may not care (i may not care) to teach you (to teach you) it may be hard (it may be hard) to keep up with me (to keep up with me) but i'll always... yes, i'm always going to be able to reach you and if you go forward (if you go forward) i'll meet you there and if you climb up through the cold, freezing air look down below you; search out above and cry out to life for a frozen love cry, love
# posted by cammie @ 3:20:00 pm

6.08.2006
hand in glove by edie shaw 

			  hand in glove the sun shines out of our behinds no, it's not like any other love this one is different - because it's us hand in glove we can go wherever we please and everything depends upon how near you stand to me and if the people stare then the people stare oh, i really don't know and i really don't care kiss my shades hand in glove the good people laugh yes, we may be hidden by rags but we've something they'll never have hand in glove the sun shines out of our behinds yes, we may be hidden by rags but we've something they'll never have and if the people stare then the people stare oh, i really don't know and i really don't care kiss my shades ... oh ... so, hand in glove i stake my claim i'll fight to the last breath if they dare touch a hair on your head i'll fight to the last breath for the good life is out there somewhere so stay on my arm, you little charmer but i know my luck too well yes, i know my luck too well and i'll probably never see you again i'll probably never see you again i'll probably never see you again oh ...
# posted by cammie @ 10:01:00 am

4.14.2006
pyrite pedestal by pretty girls make graves 

			  once, while falling into approvals tricky armsi saw esteem's corpsedeafened by allure's sweet, sweet songon stygian shoresaffixed like i'm under a spell (1x darling)that ain't even like myselfno - things are going to changethat starts todayit seems just yesterday i ate it upyour yarns were dipped in goldi swallowed them wholethe real tragedy is that your act is just boring and oldback and forth with this disdain (1x darling)that ain't even why i came (2x darling)and when i screamyou want me crawling on my kneesi guess these days i'm someone else (hold it x3)i'm better off all by myselfthese days i'm just somebody else
# posted by cammie @ 10:41:00 pm

3.11.2006
punch and judy by elliot smith 

			  a wallflower punch talks to judyin a crowded corner where anybody can listen inbut they don't read page to page or speak easynow they're gonna go say the wordsin the wrong order againthey walk in a circlethrough all the sidewalk scenes theyused to be apart of one timenow everybody just stares and whispersdriving around up and down division streeti used to like it hereit just bums me out to remembercan't you ever treat anyone nicei think i'm gonna make the same mistake twicethey draw the curtain, wait for a callpretty lucky if they get any kind of response at allcan't you ever treat anyone nicei think i'm gonna make the same mistake twicei'm gonna make the same mistake twice
# posted by cammie @ 12:02:00 pm

3.09.2006
age of consent 

			  won't you please let me gothese words lie inside they hurt me soand i'm not the kind that likes to tell youjust what i want to doi'm not the kind that needs to tell youjust what you want me toi saw you this morningi thought that you might like to knowi received your message in full a few days agoi understood every word that it saidand now that i've actually heard ityou're going to regretand i'm not the kind that likes to tell youjust what you want me toyou're not the kind that needs to tell meabout the birds and the beesdo you find this happens all the timecrucial point one day becomes a crimeand i'm not the kind that likes to tell youjust what i want to doi'm not the kind that needs to tell youi've lost youi've lost you i've lost you
# posted by cammie @ 4:45:00 pm

3.01.2006
what difference does it make? by the smiths 

			  all men have secrets and here is mine so let it be known we have been through hell and high tide i can surely rely on you ...and yet you start to recoil heavy words are so lightly thrown but still i'd leap in front of a flying bullet for you so, what difference does it make ? so, what difference does it make ? it makes none but now you have gone and you must be looking very old tonight the devil will find work for idle hands to do i stole and i lied, and why ? because you asked me to ! but now you make me feel so ashamed because i've only got two hands well, i'm still fond of you, oh-ho-oh so, what difference does it make ? oh, what difference does it make ? oh, it makes none but now you have gone and your prejudice won't keep you warm tonight oh, the devil will find work for idle hands to do i stole, and then i lied just because you asked me to but now you know the truth about me you won't see me anymore well, i'm still fond of you, oh-ho-oh but no more apologies no more apology oh, i'm too tired i'm so very tired and i'm feeling very sick and ill today but i'm still fond of you, oh-ho-oh oh, my sacred one ...oh ...
# posted by cammie @ 9:32:00 am

2.22.2006
young lust by pink floyd 

			  i am just a new boystranger in this townwhere are all the good times?who's gonna show this stranger around?ooooo i need a dirty womanooooo i need a dirty girlwill some woman in this desert landmake me feel like a real man?take this rock n roll refugeeooo babe, set me freeooooo i need a dirty womanooooo i need a dirty girlooooo i need a dirty womanooooo i need a dirty girl(phone ringing)[man:] "hello?"[operator:] "yes, a collect call for mrs. floyd from mr. floyd.will you accept the charges from the united states"(phone is hung up)"he hung up. is this your residence, sir?""i wonder why he hung up...""there must be someone else therebesides your wife to answer."(phone ringing)[man:] "hello?"[operator:] "this is the united states calling.""are we reaching?"(phone is hung up)"see he keeps hanging up.""but it's a man answering."(operator cuts connection)
# posted by cammie @ 4:12:00 pm

2.19.2006
i want to do everything for you by joe tex 

			  i want to hold you in my arms ‘till you say “turn me loose”i want to do little things to you ‘till you say “it ain’t no use”i want to wake you every morning with a good morning kissi want to kiss you to sleep the same way cause i, i know you like thisi want to do everything for youcause that’s all that a man can do when he loves a woman like i love youand i love ya, love ya, love yai want to say sweet things to you ‘till you say i’ve said enoughi want to stand right by your side when the goin’ gets toughi want to mend your broken heart till you say the hurt is gonei want tostay with you always so that you won’t be alonei want to do everything for youcause that’s all that a man can do when he loves a woman like i love youand i love ya, love ya, love yai want to work for you every day ‘till you say “come home and rest”i want to buy you pretty little things so you can look your besti want to take you every where so the world can see what i goti want to treat you with tender love ‘till you say i’ve got to stop i want to do everything for you‘cause that’s all that a man can do when he loves a woman like i love youand i love ya, love ya, love yai want to do everything for youcause that’s all that a man can do when he loves a woman like i love youand i love ya, love ya, love ya, love ya
# posted by cammie @ 8:12:00 am

i'm blue by the ikettes 

			  (i'm blue ue ue ue ue ue ue blue be doo be doo be doo)gong gong gong gong gong gong gong gong gong gong gong yeah(i'm blue ue ue ue ue ue ue blue be doo be doo)gong gong gong gong gong gong gong gong yeah)(i'm blue ue ue i'm blue blue be doo be doo be doo)i wanna tell a all you people(i dropped a penny in the well wished that you would come back soon)i couldn't believe what i heard(a fortune teller told me my love with you was through)i hope her reading was wrong(i hope she was wrong 'cause you been gone too long from home)hey gong gong gong gong gong gong yeah(i'm blue ue ue ue ue ue ue ue blue be doo be doo be doo)gong gong gong gong gong gong gong yeah(i'm blue ue ue ue ue ue ue blue be doo be doo be doo)gong gong gong gong gong gong gong gong yeah(i'm blue ue ue i'm blue shoo be doo be doo be doo)i can't sleep at night for thinking of you(every night about 2 my love for you comes tumbling down)i can't stand being here alone(i start to feeling and a fumblin' but you ain't nowhere around)i hope her reading was wrong(i hope she was wrong 'cause you been gone too long from home)hey gong gong gong gong gong gong yeah(i'm blue ue ue ue ue ue ue blue be doo be doo be doo)hey! gong gong gong gong gong gong yeah(i'm blue ue ue ue ue ue eu blue be doo be doo be doo)gong gong gong gong gong gong gong gong yeah(i'm blue ue ue i'm blue blue be doo be doo be doo)mm mm mm yeah(i'm blue ue ue ue ue ue ue blue be doo be doo be doo)fadegong gong gong gong gong gong gong yeah
# posted by cammie @ 8:11:00 am

lucifer sam - pink floyd 

			  lucifer sam saw your catalways sitting by your sidealways by you sidethat cat's something i can't explainjennifer gentle you're the witchyou're the left side, he's the right sideoh nothat cat's something i can't explainwouldn't say we're going to seeme a hip cat, me a ship's catsomewhere, anywherethat cat's something i can't explain
# posted by cammie @ 8:07:00 am

memorablia by soft cell 

			  everywhere i go, i take a little piece of youi collect, i reject, photographs i took of youthe towns that i passed through, i've got to have a memory or i have never been there. i have never had you, had you, had you...i can’t remember, give me a reminderi collect, i reject memorabilia... memorabiliakey chains and snow stormsgive me a reminder, give me a reminderi collect, i reject mmmmmmmmmemorabiliakey chains and snow stormsgive me a reminder... everywhere i go you know i’d like you all to knowthat i’m the one for having fun, just send the bad times on the runto move around to the softest sound, ecstatic dancing all aroundi’m on the town, i’ll give you hell, if you don’t put me in my cell.i may be soft, i made the top, i like my cabaret non-stop, it may be erotic, it may be ecstatic with it down on your floor or in your attic.you take it low or shut our eyes, and let our love materialise, and i don’t mean love on a chocolate box, i mean the love that really rocksi say call me the baby, the good time lady,just look at me and it’s easy to see why they call me cindy ecstasy.because i’ve got the eyes, the where's, the why's to make your love thing really rise, you don’t need your speed or your pair of wheels.you’ve got the prize that will brighten your skies.so look me up and i’ll tell no lies, coz i’m the lady with the hot surprise, if you don’t believe me, ask soft cell, because i shook them up and i gavethem hell. so call up cindy ecstasy if you’re looking for a memory so call up cindy ecstasy if you’re looking for a memorygo turn the beat around, got to hear percussion, turn it upside down, got to hear percussion, got to hear percussion...memorabilia...memorabilia
# posted by cammie @ 8:04:00 am

you dont miss your water 

			  this is a song by william bell from his album "the soul of a bell." subsequently, it was covered by the byrds in a country version on"sweetheart of the rodeo" and by otis redding on "otis blue." [intro]g c g[first verse]       em                    gin the beginning, you really loved me          c                      gbut i was blind, and i could not see             em                cbut when you left me, oh how i cried                    gyou don't miss your waterd                   gtill your well runs dry[break][second verse]i was a playboy, i could not be truei didn't believe, i really loved youbut when you left me, oh how i criedyou don't miss your watertill your well runs dry[repeat first verse]
# posted by cammie @ 5:34:00 am

2.11.2006
stay out of trouble by kings of convenience 

			  (one, two...one, two...)i walked around for hours, two ten pence pieces in my hand i was alone and freezing, still trying hard to understand you i left the others knowing, i had to work this by myself but now the feeling's growing, i would be better off with their help so baby, what we've got has lately not been enough not been enoughi wish i had your scarf still, that once embraced and kept me warmi wish you could be with me, in these last days when i am still hopelessly poor stay out of trouble stay in touch try not to think about me too muchstay out of trouble stay in touch try not to think about me too much
# posted by cammie @ 1:45:00 am

1.21.2006
jump (cover of a van halen song) by the tender buttons 

			  i get up, and nothing gets me down.you got it tough. i’ve seen the toughest around.and i know, baby, just how you feel.you’ve got to roll with the punches to get to what’s realoh can’t you see me standing here,i’ve got my back against the record machinei ain’t the worst that you’ve seen.oh can’t you see what i mean ? might as well jump.go ahead, jump.hear me now, jump.go ahead, jump.you say you don’t know, you won’t knowuntil we begin.oh,  can’t you see me standing herei’ve got my back straight and i wanna diedon’t ask me twice, i can’t tell you why.i don’t care if i’m gonna die. might as well jump !go ahead, jump.!jump, jump.go ahead, jump.
# posted by cammie @ 7:39:00 pm

1.07.2006
good friday by coco rosie 

			  i once fell in love with you just because the sky turned from gray into blue it was a good friday the streets were open and empty no more passion play on st. nicholas avenue i believe in st. nicholas its a different type of santa clause
# posted by cammie @ 11:20:00 am

bridges and balloons by joanna newsom 

			  we sailed away on a winter's daywith fate as malleable as claybut ships are fallible, i sayand the nautical, like all things, fadesand i can recall our caravela little wicker beetle-shellwith four fine masts and lateen sailsits bearings on cair paraveloh my loveoh it was a funny little thingto be the ones to've seenthe sight of bridges and balloonsmakes calm canaries irritableand they caw and claw all afternooncatenaries and dirigiblesbrace and buoy the livingrooma loom of metal, warp - woof - wimbleand a thimble's worth of milky mooncan touch hearts larger than a thimbleoh my loveoh it was a funny little thingto be the ones to've seen oh my loveoh it was a funny little thingit was a funny, funny little thing to be the ones to've seen
# posted by cammie @ 11:11:00 am

12.09.2005
armour of the shroud by bobb trimble 

			  here i am, my loveand i'm just a moment awayand i've waited so longnow my heart is here to stayjust a matter of time, my lovedon't let it confuse us or our lovethere you are, my lovei can feel you drawing nearand how long you have waitedat last your heart is finally hereand i'll fulfill all of your fantasiesin this, the twentieth century b.c.so you've waited so longnow you know it was well worth the waitand you come gather aroundand you just congregatewell, the rolling stones come to towndon't throw the prefab messiahs out-of-boundsgod save those dreamersthey're all that's left sometimesgod save those dreamersthey're all that's left in lifepurple feathers in your eardon't mean nothin' 'round heregod save you dreamershere we are, my lovewe can see the stars in the skybut we did not see them shineuntil the heavens opened our eyesit's time for the world to have to realizeabout a man who they immortalizedto which beliefs he was sacrificedupon a cross which still crucifies in a.d.
# posted by cammie @ 1:39:00 pm

12.08.2005
peaceful, easy feeling - the eagles 

			  i like the way your sparkling earrings layagainst your skin so brownand i want to sleep with you in the desert tonightwith a billion stars all around'cause i got a peaceful easy feelin'and i know you won't let me downcause i'm already standin'on the groundand i found out a long time agowhat a woman can do to your soulah, but she can't take you any wayyou don't already know how to goi get this feelin' i may know youas a lover and a friendbut this voice keeps whisperin' in my other eartells me i may never see you againi get a peaceful easy feelin'and i know you won't let me downcause i'm already standin'yes i'm already standin'yes i'm already standin'on the ground
# posted by cammie @ 9:22:00 am

12.04.2005
honesty by billy joel 

			  if you search for tenderness it isn't hard to find you can have the love you need to live but if you look for truthfulness you might just as well be blind it always seems to be so hard to give honesty is such a lonely word everyone is so untrue honesty is hardly ever heard and mostly what i need from you i can always find someone to say they sympathize if i wear my heart out on my sleeve but i don't want some pretty face to tell me pretty lies all i want is someone to believe i can find a lover i can find a friend i can have security until the bitter end anyone can comfort me with promises again i know, i know when i'm deep inside of me don't be too concerned i won't ask for nothin' while i'm gone but when i want sincerity tell me where else can i turn because you're the one that i depend upon
# posted by cammie @ 3:02:00 am

11.28.2005
boats and birds by gregory and the hawk 

			  if you be my star, i'll be your skyyou can hide underneath me and come out at nightwhen i turn jet black and you show off your lighti live to let you shine, i live to let you shineyou can skyrocket away from meand never come back if you find another galaxyfar from here with more room to flyjust leave me your stardust to remember you byif you'll be my boat, i'll be your seathe depth of pure blue just to probecuriousityebbing and flowing and pushed by a breezei live to make you free, i live to make you freeand you can set sail to the west if you want topast the horizon til i can't even see youfar from here where the beaches are widejust leave me your wake to remember you byif you be my star, i'll be your skyyou can hide underneath me and come out at nightwhen i turn jet black and you show off your lighti live to let you shine, i live to let you shineyou can skyrocket away from meand never come back if you find another galaxyfar from here with more room to flyjust leave me your stardust to remember you bystardust to remember you by
# posted by cammie @ 11:11:00 pm

love to see you by suzzy roche 

			  it may be what i wanna do but i won't fall in lover with you you are never gonna be mine but i just love to see you old moon shining starlight but i can't have my wish tonight you are never gonna be mine but i just love to see you can you hear me can you hear me can you hear me friend no one nowhere can take your place the happy sad look on your face you are never gonna be mine but i just love to see you
# posted by cammie @ 4:23:00 pm

11.03.2005
love song by vashti bunyan 

			  i love your eyes when you look awaythinking somewhere else of what ought to bewhen they’re suddenly blue for a moment of timethen the colour goes when you look at mei love your hands as a part of youas they write a word just by staying stillwhen you talk they move, painting what you sayso i understand more than words can telli love your hair in the dark it’s softin the light it moves, red and green are brownall the time it takes for a night to passand a lifetime grows as the day comes downi love you now as you don’t love mei can’t let you know you’re too far awaybut i wonder now just what did you seewhen you looked at me in that loveless way
# posted by cammie @ 7:54:00 am

10.30.2005
god is alive magic is afoot by buffy sainte-marie 

			  god is alive; magic is afootgod is alive; magic is afootgod is afoot; magic is alivealive is afoot.....magic never died.god never sickened; many poor men liedmany sick men lied magic never weakenedmagic never hidmagic always ruledgod is afootgod never died.god was rulerthough his funeral lengthenedthough his mourners thickenedmagic never fledthough his shrouds were hoistedthe naked god did livethough his words were twistedthe naked magic thrivedthough his death was publishedround and round the world the heart did not believemany hurt men wonderedmany struck men bledmagic never falteredmagic always led.many stones were rolledbut god would not lie downmany wild men liedmany fat men listenedthough they offered stonesmagic still was fedthough they locked their coffersgod was always served.2..magic is afoot. god rules. alive is afoot. alive is in command.many weak men hungeredmany strong men thrivedthough they boasted solitudegod was at their sidenor the dreamer in his cellnor the captain on the hillmagic is alivethough his death was pardonedround and round the worldthe heart did not believe.though laws were carved in marblethey could not shelter menthough altars built in parliamentsthey could not order menpolice arrested magicand magic went with them,for magic loves the hungry.but magic would not tarryit moves from arm to armit would not stay with themmagic is afootit cannot come to harmit rests in an empty palmit spawns in an empty mindbut magic is no instrumentmagic is the end.many men drove magicbut magic stayed behindmany strong men liedthey only passed through magicand out the other sidemany weak men liedthey came to god in secretand though they left him nourishedthey would not say who healedthough mountains danced before themthey said that god was deadthough his shrouds were hoistedthe naked god did live3...this i mean to whisper to my mindthis i mean to laugh with in my mindthis i mean my mind to serve 'tilservice is but magicmoving through the worldand mind itself is magiccoursing through the fleshand flesh itself is magicdancing on a clockand time itself the magic length of god
# posted by cammie @ 11:20:00 pm

fall 1982 

my name is cammie. i'm 7. i like reading books about outer space, nature and geography that my grandmother gives me. i go to a christian school but my parents are not religious. i think jesus was an alien and i'll never tell my teachers. my parents divorced when i was 2. i stay with 1 one week and then the other the next week, back and forth. so i have 2 homes. i have a lot of toys and clothes because i have 2 houses and my friends say i'm spoiled. i like going to plays with my mom and out on the boat with my dad. i hate sports. i'm in art class and like drawing portraits. my grandma is a painter. my dad is an architect and my mom is the most beautiful woman in the world. i hope i'm as pretty as her someday, but funnier like my dad. i think boys are funner than girls. but sometimes boys are too rough. that's the only reason why i don't really like them. they like to whip me with my braids and that's so annoying. it's not funny at all really and it hurts my head. but girls are brats. they like to say mean things about each other behind their backs and i thinks that's really ugly. basically i don't have many friends because i'm not in the neighborhood so much and when i am i'm too busy going out to dinner or the movies with parents to play after school. i'm an only child but i like it. i'm a loner. i prefer adults. i like talking with my parents friends. they are all very nice people from all over the world. when i grow up i don't think i will ever get married because i don't like to share a bed and i'm afraid to have kids. it seems like it would hurt too much. i might like to adopt if i do get married. if i do get married i want to live in separate houses or a mansion because i don't want someone always right next to me. i'm worried because i've only read that some people do that but i've never met anyone that really has. i might be the first person to try it different. all my friends have divorced parents. a lot of kids only have 1 parent, that i know. i think that's so sad and i don't want that to ever happen to a kid i could have. i'm lucky. my parents just don't like each other because my mom is serious and my dad is a joker. it makes me sad, but what can you do? my aunt doris thinks she's psychic and says i'm going to be famous someday! i never want to be famous because a person can never have any privacy if they are famous. it seems like it would be really hard being brook shields or oliva newton john, to me. when i grow up i want to help people find what they are looking for. i don't know why. i also want to write stories about life for all the other people like me that don't have too many friends. i don't want to go to college because i hate math. the end.
# posted by cammie @ 8:37:00 pm

8.16.2005
on her knees doing what by bangmaster5 

			  i showed up at her house at half past 2 and her friend said to me, shes down by the river with him.she told me not to go. but i had to see. what she was doing to him was proabbly what she use to do to me.there they were.and she was on her kneesdoing to him what she use to do only to me.taking it back.knocking it back.and she did this till half past 3.
# posted by cammie @ 10:47:00 am

sandstorms by viking moses 

			  i love her little brown hairs every freckle every fold in her skin there and the scent of her lifting, dancing up to my nose so i got the idea to dig a hole and watch all the life there i said a lonely prayer and i left them there on their own o i want to be in heaven i hope there's some one there when i hold her bless her little heart keep it goin'willful and strong and the sun beats down its hot, as you know and the sandstorms tear through skin as they blow yes i understand fear i get plenty of it built up right here but when the sun goes down and the wind dies we're left polished and clear
# posted by cammie @ 10:20:00 am

totally together by jackie mittoo 

			  listen herei’m totally together!hey!listen to me!i’m totallytogether!right onbabyyeah, yeah.
# posted by cammie @ 10:10:00 am

there is a light that never goes out / redondo beach lyrics by morrissey 

			  (check the schneider tm vs. kpt. michi. gan version)take me out tonight where there’s music and there’s people and they’re young and alive driving in your car i never never want to go home because i haven’t got one anymore take me out tonight because i want to see people and i want to see life driving in your car oh, please don’t drop me home because it’s not my home, it’s their home, and i’m welcome no more * and if a double-decker bus crashes into us to die by your side is such a heavenly way to die and if a ten-ton truck kills the both of us to die by your side well, the pleasure - the privilege is mine take me out tonight take me anywhere, i don’t care i don’t care, i don’t care and in the darkened underpass i thought oh god, my chance has come at last (but then a strange fear gripped me and i just couldn’t ask) take me out tonight oh, take me anywhere, i don’t care i don’t care, i don’t care driving in your car i never never want to go home because i haven’t got one, da ... oh, i haven’t got one [repeat *] oh, there is a light and it never goes out there is a light and it never goes out there is a light and it never goes out there is a light and it never goes out there is a light and it never goes out there is a light and it never goes out there is a light and it never goes out there is a light and it never goes out there is a light and it never goes out
# posted by cammie @ 9:58:00 am

7.06.2005
sandstorms by viking moses 

			  is my favorite song.
# posted by cammie @ 2:49:00 pm

4.10.2005
sweet janes - the velvet underground 

			  standing on the corner, suitcase in my hand,jack is in his corset, and jane is in her vest, and, me,i'm in a rock'n'roll band. huh!ridin' in a stutz-bearcat, jimy'know, those were different times!oh, all the poet, they studied rules of verse,and the ladies, they rolled their eyes.sweet jane! whoa! sweet jane, oh-oh-a! sweet jane!i'll tell you something,jack, he is a banker,and jane, she is a clerk.both of them save their monies, ha,and when, when they come home from work!ooh! sittin' down by the fire, oh!the radio does play,the classical music there, jim."the march of the wooden soldiers".all you protest kids.you can hear jack say, get ready, ah,sweet jane! come on baby! sweet jane! oh-oh-a! sweet jane!some people, they like to go out dancing,and other peoples, they have to work. just watch me now!and there's even some evil mothers,well they're gonna tell you that everything is just dirt.y'know that, women, never really faint,and that villains always blink their eyes, woo!and that, y'know, children are the only ones who blush!and that, life is, just to die!and, everyone who ever had a heart, oh,that wouldn't turn around and break it.and anyone who ever played a part, whoa,and wouldn't turn around and hate it!sweet jane! whoa-oh-oh! sweet jane! sweet jane. sweet jane.sweet jane. sweet jane.
# posted by cammie @ 9:23:00 pm

crimson and clover - the velvet underground 

			  ah and i don't hardly know herbut i think i could love hercrimson and cloverah, when will she come walking overnow i've been waiting to show hercrimson and cloverover and overyeahmy mind's such a sweet thingi want to do everythingwhat a beautiful feelingcrimson and cloverover and overda da da da da da...crimson and cloverover and overcrimson and cloverover and over...
# posted by cammie @ 9:18:00 pm

3.13.2005
look at miss ohio - gilian welch 

			  oh me oh my oh, look at miss ohioshe’s a-running around with her rag-top downshe says i wanna do right but not right nowgonna drive to atlanta and live out this fantasyrunning around with the rag-top downyeah i wanna do right but not right nowhad your arm around her shoulder, a regimental soldieran’ mamma starts pushing that wedding gownyeah you wanna do right but not right nowoh me oh my oh, would ya look at miss ohioshe’s a-runnin’ around with the rag-top downshe says i wanna do right but not right nowi know all about it, so you don’t have to shout iti’m gonna straighten it out somehowyeah i wanna do right but not right nowoh me oh my oh, look at miss ohioshe a-runnin’ around with her rag-top downshe says i wanna do right , but not right nowoh i wanna do right but not right now
# posted by cammie @ 10:16:00 am

baby you've been on my mind - jeff buckley (version) 

			  perhaps  it's the color of the sun cut flat,uncoverin' the crossroads i am standin' at,or maybe it's the weather or somethin' like that,but baby you've been on my mind.i am not asking  you to say words like yes or noplease understand me, i've got no place for you to go.i'm just breathin' to myself pretending not that i don't  know,baby, you've been on my mind.even  though my mind is hazy and my thoughts they might be  narrowwhere you been, don't bother me or bring me down in  sorrow.it don't even matter to me where you're wakin' up  tomorrow,baby, you've been on my mind.when you  wake up in the mornin' baby look inside your mirroryou know i won't be next to you, you know i won't be near.i'd just be curious to know if you can see yourself as  clear,as someone who has had you on his mind.
# posted by cammie @ 9:29:00 am

8.27.2004
you keep me hanging on - the supremes 

			  set me free why don't you babyget out of my life why don't you babyyou really don't want meyou just keep me hanging onyou really don't need meyou just keep me hanging on why do you keep coming aroundplaying with my heartwhy don't you get out of my lifeand help me to make a new startlet me get over youthe way you got over me set me free why don't you babyget out of my life why don't you babyyou really don't want me childyou just keep me hanging onyou never, never, never needed meyou just keep me hanging on you said when we broke upyou just wanted to be friendstell me, how can we still be friendswhen seeing you just breaks my heart againand there ain't nothing i can do about it you really don't need meyou just keep me hanging onyou really don't need me babyyou just keep me hanging on set me free why don't you babyset me free why don't you babyget out of my life why don't you honeyyou just keep me hanging on
# posted by cammie @ 12:23:00 pm

8.24.2004
attention men 

			  do not read the next post.  it can make a man have a seizure.
# posted by cammie @ 8:32:00 pm

wedding bell blues by laura nyro 

			  bill, i love you so, i always will. i look at you and you see the passion eyes of may. oh, but am i ever gonna see my wedding day? (wedding day) oh, i was on your side, bill, when you were losing. i'd never scheme or lie, bill, there's been no fooling. but kisses and love won't carry me till you marry me, bill.  i love you so, i always will, and in your voice i hear a choir of carousels. oh, but am i ever gonna hear my wedding bells? (wedding bells) i was the one came running when you were lonely. i haven't lived one day not loving you only.but kisses and love won't carry me till you marry me, bill, i love you so, i always will. and though devotion rules my heart, i take no bows, oh but, bill, you’re never gonna take my wedding vows. (wedding vows) come on, bill (come on, bill) so come on, bill (come on, bill).come on and marry me, bill, i love you so, i always will.come on, i got the wedding blues, yeah, the wedding bell blues.come on and marry me, bill, i love you so, i always will. i wanna marry you, bill
# posted by cammie @ 8:28:00 pm

8.22.2004
last night sleep by can 

			  dreams seen by a man-made machine  how does it seem, how does it seem  that we can see each others dreams  that we can see each others dreams  (last night sleep, only to the beat)  she hold green onions in her hand  she listens to the sound of the band  a bed of green spam grows in her head  talking to the rising sun  yes she's talking to the rising sun  (oh papa-papa there, yeah yeah papa-papa cares)  (oh moma-moma there, yeah yeah moma-moma cares) 
# posted by cammie @ 3:50:00 pm

6.28.2004
blagged! by peter sarstedt 

			  and as i blagged a cigarette from her and gazed upon her nakednessshe moved her lovely head from side to side and said, i was just like the rest "you got what you came for," she said."and that's what you're here for." i said. "arn't you?" she pulled a sheet across her body and told me to leave the way i camei gave a rueful grin and found my clothesand mumbled, "yes you're all the same." "i am but a man." i said. "i do what i can." i said. "always, always." "there's a time for deeds and a time for talking wordsbut if i said that i loved you would all your morals then be pacified would the act of love be then more true?" "oh, yes, you are smart," she said."but where is your heart?" she said"you better go now." and as i walked outside and closed the doori wondered if i'd won or lost and if the status quo was still in tact and was it worth the time is cost. "always, yes, i know. always, always"    
# posted by cammie @ 9:12:00 pm

5.06.2004
leaning on a lamp post by george formby 

			  lyrics composed by george gay i'm leaning on a lamp, maybe you think, i look a tramp,or you may think i'm hanging 'round to steal a motor-car.but no i'm not a crook, and if you think, that's what i look,i'll tell you why i'm here, and what my motives are. (tempo change) i'm leaning on a lamp-post at the corner of the street,in case a certain little lady comes by.oh me, oh my, i hope the little lady comes by.i don't know if she'll get away, she doesn't always get away,but anyhow i know that she'll try.oh me, oh my, i hope the little lady comes by,there's no other girl i would wait for, but this one i'd break any datefor,i won't have to ask what she's late for, she wouldn't have to leave meflat,she's not a girl like that.oh, she's absolutely wonderful, and marvellous and beautiful.and anyone can understand why,i'm leaning on a lamp-post at the corner of the streetin case a certain little lady passes by. (tempo change) i'm leaning on a lamp-post at the corner of the street,in case a certain little lady comes by.oh me, oh my, i hope the little lady goes do do do dah dah dee dee dee.....i don't know if she'll get away, she doesn't always get away,but anyhow i know that she'll try.oh me, oh my, i hope the little lady comes by,there's no other girl i would wait for, but this one i'd break any datefor,i won't have to ask what she's late for, she wouldn't have to leave meflat,she's not a girl like that.oh, she's absolutely wonderful, and marvellous and beautiful.and anyone can understand why,i'm leaning on a lamp-post at the corner of the streetin case a certain little lady passes by. (ukulele)
# posted by cammie @ 4:36:00 pm

good life - tony bennett 

			  oh, the good life, full of fun seems to be the idealmm, the good life lets you hide all the sadness you feelyou won't really fall in love for you can't take the chanceso please be honest with yourself, don't try to fake romance it's the good life to be free and explore the unknownlike the heartaches when you learn you must face them aloneplease remember i still want you, and in case you wonder whywell, just wake up, kiss the good life goodbye 
# posted by cammie @ 3:03:00 pm

4.17.2004
jenny- lyrics by cammie 

			  jenny, jennygirl with skin the color of copper penniesi asked her what she doshe says she paints volcanoesit's true oh, jenny how do they blow?cus i don't knowi ain't like no volcano i'm like a dragonwith a belly of firei smoke at the nosethere's a furnace in mei'm like a mythical creaturenobody believes or sees or knows jenny, jennygirl with skin the color of copper penniesi asked her what she doshe says she paints volcanoesit's trues oh jenny, how do they blowi don't knowi aint like no volcanoi aint like something that's dormant and cold how do they blowi wouldn't knowi aint like thank you for telling meat the garden cliffsin the clean sunlightabout your canvass and paintsyou made me thinka woman could be so simpleyou made me think i aint like
# posted by cammie @ 11:27:00 am

4.16.2004
the rapture - the jam  

			  is what you reap what you sow?
# posted by cammie @ 11:23:00 pm

iggy pop - the passenger lyrics  

			  i am a passengerand i ride and i ridei ride through the city's backsidei see the stars come out of the skyyeah, they're bright in a hollow skyyou know it looks so good tonight i am a passengeri stay under glassi look through my window so brighti see the stars come out tonighti see the bright and hollow skyover the city's a rip in the skyand everything looks good tonight singin' la la la la la-la-la lala la la la la-la-la lala la la la la-la-la la la-la get into the carwe'll be the passengerwe'll ride through the city tonightsee the city's ripped insideswe'll see the bright and hollow skywe'll see the stars that shine so brightthe sky was made for us tonight oh the passengerhow how he ridesoh the passengerhe rides and he rideshe looks through his windowwhat does he see?he sees the sided hollow skyhe see the stars come out tonighthe sees the city's ripped backsideshe sees the winding ocean driveand everything was made for you and meall of it was made for you and me'cause it just belongs to you and meso let's take a ride and see what's mine singing... oh, the passengerhe rides and he rideshe sees things from under glasshe looks through his window's eyehe sees the things he knows are hishe sees the bright and hollow skyhe sees the city asleep at nighthe sees the stars are out tonightand all of it is yours and mineand all of it is yours and mineoh, let's ride and ride and ride and ride... singing... 
# posted by cammie @ 11:15:00 pm

johnny cash - hurt lyrics 

			    album: american iv: the man comes around   i hurt myself today  to see if i still feel  i focus on the pain  the only thing that's real  the needle tears a hole  the old familiar sting  try to kill it all away  but i remember everything    what have i become?  my sweetest friend  everyone i know  goes away in the end  you could have it all  my empire of dirt  i will let you down  i will make you hurt    i wear this crown of thorns  upon my liar's chair  full of broken thoughts  i cannot repair  beneath the stain of time  the feeling disappears  you are someone else  i am still right here    what have i become?  my sweetest friend  everyone i know  goes away in the end  you could have it all  my empire of dirt  i will let you down  i will make you hurt    if i could start again  a million miles away  i would keep myself  i would find a way 
# posted by cammie @ 11:03:00 pm

4.15.2004
leave me alone (ruby red dress) by helen reddy 

			  words and music by linda laurie big ole ruby red dress wanders round the towntalkin to herself now, sometimes sitten downdon't you get too close now, ruby runs awaypoor ole ruby red dress born on a sorry dayi can hear her say leave me alone, won't you leave me aloneplease leave me alone now, leave me aloneleave me alone, please leave me alone, yes leave meleave me alone won't you leave me aloneplease leave me alone, no leave me aloneleave me along, just leave me alone, oh leave me big ole ruby red dress, everybody laughssay she's got no future and never made no pastsomething hurt that ruby, shomething she can't bearya look at her real close now, you see a little tearwhen she says now leave me alone, won't you leave me aloneplease leave me alone now, leave me aloneleave me alone, please leave me alone, yes leave meleave me alone won't you leave me aloneplease leave me alone, no leave me aloneleave me along, just leave me alone, oh leave me some folks say some farm boy up from tennesseetaught it all to ruby, then just let her beher daddy tried to hide it, tried to keep things coolbut something happened to ruby, she broke down to a foolwho just said now
# posted by cammie @ 6:28:00 pm

all i want by joni mitchell 

			  i am on a lonely road and i am travelingtraveling, traveling, travelinglooking for something, what can it beoh i hate you some, i hate you somei love you someoh i love you when i forget about mei want to be strong i want to laugh alongi want to belong to the livingalive, alive, i want to get up and jivei want to wreck my stockings in some juke box divedo you want - do you want - do you wantto dance with me babydo you want to take a chanceon maybe finding some sweet romance with me babywell, come on all i really really want our love to dois to bring out the best in me and in you tooall i really really want our love to dois to bring out the best in me and in youi want to talk to you, i want to shampoo youi want to renew you again and againapplause, applause - life is our causewhen i think of your kissesmy mind see-sawsdo you see - do you see - do you seehow you hurt me babyso i hurt you toothen we both get so blue i am on a lonely road and i am travelinglooking for the key to set me freeoh the jealousy, the greed is the unravelingit's the unravelingand it undoes all the joy that could bei want to have fun, i want to shine like the suni want to be the one that you want to seei want to knit you a sweaterwant to write you a love letteri want to make you feel betteri want to make you feel freehmm, hmm, hmm, hmm,want to make you feel freei want to make you feel free 
# posted by cammie @ 6:23:00 pm

4.13.2004
who am i by fred engelberg 

			  hi my name is fred englbergwhen i want it to besometime i feel like salvador seekerwho seeks the world’s bright lightin the world’s darknessgenerally trips on a rock called ego,falls head first into a bottomless pit marked“enter all ‘ye here who would know illusion from reality”de dah de de de de...or i may become jason complacent,he’s the fat man who lived in contentment and peacenext door to a graveyardhe was born there, he lived there and when he died therethey just buried him next doorbut they shipped his fortunate furnitureto a distant cousin in johannesburg, south africaor maybe i’d turn into bartholomew bitterwho was born with a sigh, learned how to cryand forever followed the tear in his eye...then, on the cloudy rebellious mornings i might turn intomatthew muscle,whose answer to the confusing hustle and bustle of thehuman raceis thirty five push-ups and a punch in the face,any face, any placeor perhaps; with a little effort...sylvester sedation;he’s a new face in the nationwho when peyote and pot were being legally soldgot himself arrested for smoking dried cranberriesrolled in parking tickets 3 years old...but between who i am, who i would be, who i can,who i could besomewhere in that gray neighborhood, mistythat’s who i am.who are you?
# posted by cammie @ 11:50:00 pm

2.21.2004
 margerine melodie by stereolab 

			  when two people have a projectthey begin a competitionin which there will be a winner and a loserstate of dominance over one or the other this dominance is integral toall human's ways and actionsthe necessity to keep at dispositionan object or being desired by another knowing through training that he wants to keep itlearning everyday, he will have to dominate our brain makes us actbehave and reacta pulsion that drives us to stay alive need to satisfy our fundamental needsthe nervous system enables that drive through consumerism, escape and struggleas well as inhibition all these mechanisms that preserve balancebiological well being seems that until now we have used our brainjust to dominate, just to dominate knowing through training that he wants to keep itlearning everyday, he will have to dominatewhen two people have a projectthey begin a competition we've to widen the knowledge ofhow our brain works to understandor nothing will, will ever change(?)will to an end give birth without seizingact and except nothingthey flower let them freeunite with the dust and be give birth without seizingact and except nothingthey flower let them freeunite with the dust and be.
# posted by cammie @ 12:05:00 pm

2.08.2004
 kelis - milkshake (dj zinc 114 mix) 

			  my milkshake brings all the boys to the yard,and they're like, "it's better than yours"damn right, it's better than yours,i can teach you, but i have to chargei can teach you, but i have to charge verse 1:i know you want it...the thing that makes me,what the guys go crazy for,they lose their minds, the way i whine, spoken:i think it's time. vamp:(la-la-la-la-la)warm it up,(la-la-la-la-la)the boys are waiting, the boys are waiting. chorus:my milkshake brings all the boys to the yard,and they're like, "it's better than yours"damn right, it's better than yours,i can teach you, but i have to chargei can teach you, but i have to charge. verse 2:i can see you're on it...you want me to teach the,techniques that freaks these boys,it can't be bought,just know thieves get caught, spoken:watch if you're smart. vamp:(la-la-la-la-la)warm it up,(la-la-la-la-la)the boys are waiting,the boys are waiting. chorus:my milkshake brings all the boys to the yard,and they're like "it's better than yours"damn right, it's better than yours,i can teach you, but i have to chargei can teach you, but i have to charge. bridge:oh, once you get involved,everyone will look this way so,you must maintain your charm,same time maintain your halo,just get the perfect blend,plus what you have within, spoken:then next his eyes will squint,then he's picked up your scent. vamp:(la-la-la-la-la)warm it up,(la-la-la-la-la)the boys are waiting,the boys are waiting. chorus:my milkshake brings all the boys to the yard,and they're like, "it's better than yours."damn right, it's better than yours,i can teach you, but i have to chargei can teach you, but i have to charge.
# posted by cammie @ 2:50:00 am

1.23.2004
your algebra by the shins 

			  your algebra you may notice certain things before you die. mail them to me should they cause your algebra to fail.  cole and macey lost their eyes on the finer points roll them up in coffee cake and dine.
# posted by cammie @ 6:39:00 pm

vai (menina amanhã de manhã) 

			  english translation:she goes (girl of tomorrow morning)(tone zé and perna)  girl of tomorrow morningwhen people wake up to you i want to say that the happiness goesto fall down on the men, goesto fall down on the men, goesto fall down on the men in the hour nobody escapesunderneath of the bed, nobody is hiddenthe happiness goesto fall down on the men, goesto fall down on the men, goesto fall down on the men girl, it puts feargirl it closes the wheelgirl does not have exitfrom above, of band or sidegirl looks at pra frontoh! girl, takes careshe does not want to sleep in the pointshe holds the game, attentionof morning... girl the happinessshe is full of squareshe is full of tracesshe is full of canshe is full of favour girl the happinessshe is full of clothshe is full of i suffershe is full of bellshe is full of sleep girl the happinessshe is full of yearshe is full of enoshe is full of hymnshe is full of onu girl the happinessshe is full of anshe is full of enshe is full of inshe is full of on she is full of ahshe is full of éshe is full of ishe is full of ó girl tomorrow of morning vai (menina amanhã de manhã) (tom zé e perna) menina amanhã de manhãquando a gente acordarquero te dizer que a felicidade vai desabar sobre os homens, vai desabar sobre os homens, vaidesabar sobre os homens  na hora ninguém escapadebaixo da cama, ninguém se escondea felicidade vaidesabar sobre os homens, vaidesabar sobre os homens, vaidesabar sobre os homens menina, ela mete medomenina ela fecha a rodamenina não tem saídade cima, de banda ou de ladomenina olhe pra frenteoh! menina, tome cuidadonão queira dormir no pontosegure o jogo, atençãode manhã... menina a felicidade é cheia de praçaé cheia de traçaé cheia de lataé cheia de graça menina a felicidadeé cheia de panoé cheia de penoé cheia de sinoé cheia de sono menina a felicidadeé cheia de anoé cheia de enoé cheia de hinoé cheia de onu menina a felicidadeé cheia de an é cheia de ené cheia de iné cheia de on é cheia de aé cheia de éé cheia de ié cheia de ó 
# posted by cammie @ 6:18:00 pm

1.22.2004
we can fly by the do-ri-mi children’s choir 

			  see how the puffy clouds move by ussee how the morning mist can hide us awayand the day is so much fun, what fun!isn’t it groovy, in a day dream?doesn’t the day seem like it could never end?and so my friend we're warmmaybe its funnyhow i can feel so sunnywhen you’re flyingwe can fly hey, mr. wind just keep us sailinghigh in the sky there’s no curtailing our funso everyone come on!hey you on the groundtake a look up, see what we foundnothing can tie usblue birds come up to fly by uswhen you’re flyingwe can flyoh, we can fly!everyone on the ground let’s flywe can fly!hey!
# posted by cammie @ 10:40:00 pm

cloudy by lindy michaels 

			  cloudy, the sky is gray and white and cloudysometime i think it’s hanging down on melet’s hitch hike a 100 miles (hitch hike a 100 miles)all ragamuffin childspointed finger-painted smilesi left my shadow waiting down the road for me awhile cloudy, cloudymy thoughts are scattered and they're cloudythey have no borders, no boundariesthey echo and they swell from tolstoy to tinkerbelldown from berkeley to carmelgot some pictures in my pocketand a lot of time to kill hey, sunshine (sunshine) i haven’t seen you for a long time (long)why don’t you show your face and bend my mindthese clouds stick to the skylike a floating western windand they linger they to diethey don’t know where they are goingand my friend neither do i hey, sunshine (sunshine) i haven’t seen you in a long timewhy don’t you show your face and bend my mindthese clouds stick to the sky (clouds stick to the sky)like floating western windand they linger there to diethey don’t know where they are goingand my friend neither do i(coudy) cloudy
# posted by cammie @ 10:39:00 pm

here i am (take me) by the sweet inspirations 

			  i may not be able to give you all you deserve to havebut i’m willing to do with outand ask nothing for myselfthat’s why i sing here me baby when i sayi’m telling youhere i am (take me)i never wanted anythingnot the way that i want you so if i’m being a fool, a fool, a foolthat’s just what i’ll have to doyeah, that’s what i sayhere me baby when i sayhere i am (take me)i never wanted anythingnot the way that i want you so now if i’m being a fool, a fool, a foolthat’s just what i’ll have to doyeah, that’s what i saylisten baby that’s what i sayhere i am (take me)for a poor girl with nothin’you wonder what i have to givesometimes nothin’ can be everythingwhen you’ve got a reason to livei just want to be that reasonfor everything that’s goodcuz’ you know you can make me do the things i never thought i wouldwell, i’m gonna say, hear me when i sayi’m telling you hear i am i want you to take mehear i am i want you to take mehear i am i want you to take mehear i am i want you to take me
# posted by cammie @ 4:41:00 am

1.19.2004
dominoes by donald byrd 

			  pretty baby dry your eyesdon’t cha know it can’t be that badhow it hurts me pretty babywhen i see you sittin’ there so sad don’t need to worry ‘bout tomorrowisn’t the day gone?so raise your chin up darlin’we will work the fellows out one by one hold me tight (hold me tight)don’t let me goturn me loose, heaven no, no, no we’ll stand our problems all in a rowand watch them fall like dominoesdominoes pretty baby dry your eyesdon’t cha know it can’t be that badhow it hurts me pretty babywhen i see you sittin’ there so sad but they will make the same mistakeeverythings all rightso let’s not worry about tomorrowwhile we’ve got each other here tonight hold me tight (hold me tight)don’t let me goturn me loose, heaven no, no, no we’ll stand our problems all in a rowand watch them fall like dominoesdominoes fallin’ like dominoesdominoesfallin’ like dominoesdominoes
# posted by cammie @ 11:33:00 pm

is you or is you ain’t my baby by dinah washington 

			  i’ve got a man who is always late anytime we have a datebut i love him, yes i love himi’m gon’ walk up to his gateand see if i can get this thing straightcuz’ i want himan’ i got’a have himsay is you is or is you ain’t my babythey way you actin’ lately makes me doubtif you still my baby, babyguess my baby found someone new i’ve got a man who is always late anytime we have a datebut i love him, yes i love himi’m gon’ walk up to his gateand see if i can get this thing straightcuz’ i want himan’ i got’a have himsay is you is or is you ain’t my babythe way you actin’ lately makes me doubtif you still my baby, babyguess my babys found someone new is you is or is you ain’t my babymaybe babys found somebody newor is my baby still my baby true now is you is or is you ain’t my babymaybe babys found somebody newor is my baby still my baby truei guess my babys found somebody new and i better get right up and go and find me somebody tooi said i’m gonna find me somebody too
# posted by cammie @ 11:07:00 pm

three by the wedding present off of hit parade 

			  yes i want toi'm down here on my kneeswell why can't youjust think about it please? i'm yoursshe's minetwo's companybut three have a better timewe've got a mountain to climb you're so rightwe get what we deserveand that's just whyyou've got to have some nerve i'm yoursshe's minetwo's companybut three have a better timeno it isn't a crime there's no hurrywe can make this slowand don't worryno one has to know i'm yoursshe's minetwo's companybut three have a better timewe've got a mountain to climbwe're going to have a good timeand it isn't a crime 
# posted by cammie @ 10:39:00 pm

1.11.2004
bonnie and clyde by brigette bardot 

			  artist: serge gainsbourg (duet w/brigitte bardot) lyricssong: bonnie and clyde lyrics vous avez lu l'histoirede jesse jamescomment il vecutcomment il est mortca vous a plus heinvous en d'mandez encoreet bienecoutez l'histoirede bonnie and clyde alors voilaclyde a une petite amieelle est belle et son prenomc'est bonniea eux deux ils formentle gang barrowleurs nomsbonnie parker et clyde barrow bonnie and clydebonnie and clyde moi lorsque j'ai connu clydeautrefoisc'etait un gars loyalhonnete et droitil faut croireque c'est la societequi m'a definitivement abime bonnie and clydebonnie and clyde qu'est c' qu'on a pas ecritsur elle et moion pretend que nous tuonsde sang froidc'est pas drol'mais on est bien obligede fair' tair'celui qui s'met a gueuler bonnie and clydebonnie and clyde chaqu'fois qu'un polic'manse fait buterqu'un garage ou qu'un' banquese fait braquerpour la polic'ca ne fait pas d'mysterc'est signe clyde barrowbonnie parker bonnie and clydebonnie and clyde maint'nant chaq'foisqu'on essaie d'se rangerde s'installer tranquill'sdans un meubledans les trois joursvoila le tac tac tacdes mitraillett'squi revienn't a l'attaqu' bonnie and clydebonnie and clyde un de ces quatr'nous tomberons ensemblemoi j'm'en fousc'est pour bonnie que je tremblequ'elle importanc'qu'ils me fassent la peaumoi bonnieje tremble pour clyde barrow bonnie and clydebonnie and clyde d'tout' faconils n'pouvaient plus s'en sortirla seule solutionc'etait mourirmais plus d'un les a suivisen enferquand sont mortsbarrow et bonnie parker bonnie and clydebonnie and clyde
# posted by cammie @ 1:24:00 am

augusta, angélica e consolação  

			  augusta, angélica e consolaçãoaugusta, angélica and consolationtom zé augusta, thank god, thank godbetween you and angélicai found consolationwho came to look out for meand give me a hand augusta (how i miss you)you were vain (how i miss you)and you spent my money (how i miss you)on imported clothes and other foolish thingsangélica (how wicked)you never cared about me (how wicked)you even wore the clothes (how wicked)smelling like a doctor’s officeangélica augusta, thank god when i sawthat the plaza of the afflictedwasn’t wide enoughto hold my afflictioni went to live at the staion of lightbecause everything was darkinside my heart augusta, graças a deus, graças a deusentre você e a angélicaeu encontrei a consolaçãoque veio olhar por mim e me deu a mão augusta, que saudadevocê era vaidosa, que saudadee gaastava o meu dinheiro, que saudadecom roupas importadas e outras bobagensangélica, que maldadevocê sempre me deu bolo, que maldade,e até andava com a roupa, que maldade,cheirando a consultório médico,angélica, augusta, graças a deus... quando eu vique o largo dos aflitosnão era bastante largopra caber minha alição,fui morar na estação da luz,porque estava tudo escurodentro do meu coração
# posted by cammie @ 1:18:00 am

1.07.2004
"lay lady lay" original lyrics by bob dylan. cover by magnet 

			  lay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bedlay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bedwhatever colors you have in your mindi'll show them to you and you'll see them shine lay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bedstay, lady, stay, stay with your man awhileuntil the break of day, let me see you make him smilehis clothes are dirty but his hands are cleanand you're the best thing that he's ever seen stay, lady, stay, stay with your man awhilewhy wait any longer for the world to beginyou can have your cake and eat it toowhy wait any longer for the one you lovewhen he's standing in front of you lay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bedstay, lady, stay, stay while the night is still aheadi long to see you in the morning lighti long to reach for you in the nightstay, lady, stay, stay while the night is still ahead
# posted by cammie @ 8:08:00 pm


baby - (em inglês)
caetano veloso - versão: mutantes 

			  you know, you must take a look at the new landthe swimming pool and the teeth of your friendthe dirt in my landyou know, you must take a look at me baby, babyi know that's the way you know, you must try the new ice-crem flavourdo me a favour, look at me closerjoin us and go farand hear the new sound of my bossa nova baby, babyit's been a long time you know, it's time now to learn portugueseit's time now to learn what i knowand what i don't knowand what i don't knowand what i don't know i know, with me everything is fineit's time now to make up your mindwe live in the biggest city of south americaof south americaof south america look here read what i wrote on my shirtbaby, babyi love you you do!
# posted by cammie @ 8:00:00 pm

"cold hearts" by club 8 

			  take away the prideand leave your old ideascause you won't use them stand up straight for thosewho keep you cleancause they're the ones who need you i'll go on my own herestill there's too much undone cold heartsit's leaving timeit takes too much from you to make it rightcold heartsdrift awaywhen distance grows too bigwe'll have to part step into the lineyou said that you would hatethat we'd refuse towith your eyes closedyou will take advicefrom those who'll only use you i'll go on my own herestill there's too much undone cold heartsit's leaving timeit takes too much from you to make it rightcold heartsdrift awaywhen distance grows too bigwe'll have to part
# posted by cammie @ 7:55:00 pm

12.17.2003
hairy trees by goldfrapp 

			  you give me this loveyou give me this love touch mygardenrain cloudsmountainssunshineall day long sunrisemeadowsoceansrainbowsstarlightall day long goldennew worldrain cloudsmountainsride myponyride himslowlysmilingall day long you give me this loveyou give me this loveyou give me this loveyou give me this love... 
# posted by cammie @ 7:54:00 pm

ban marriage by the hidden cameras 

			  i was late getting to church on the morning of my ceremony stayed up too late the night before from fingering foreign dirty holes in the dark.the morning sun blinded my eyes and made my skin look pale and tainted in the light and there were steps to climb as i unloosened my tieas i began to walk the aisle the congregation looked behind but i continued past the pews and met my angel in a suit with a smile and as i looked him in the eye i heard my bestfriend crythat we aren’t fools to fall in love but let the ‘coupledom’ die ban marriage, ban marriage the minister was drunk and high from his rewrite of holly verse with more liesbut the organist she played with a tenacity and grace that was fine thh whole room was filled with the thunder and floodof just one chord; the thrill and clarity of sound but soon the song went slowly dead and i was forced to take a stand on one side; it wa shim or my fag hag, oh well, i guess she was never that good of a friend after my fag hag friend fled the minister looked mighty fed and content we said his rewritten vows that i could hardly pronouncebut was soon drowned out by that organ and the shout of ban marriage, ban marriage, ban marriage, ban marriage the congregation, stunned and dumbed, looked upon me with an innocuous stare i wept and on my knees i prayed that there be truth and there be light in my dayin my hung over haze i felt the thunder of godit was the orders that i take the wrath upon my own rod then i repeated my own vows, they were perverted and the smelle dof myself that there is splendour in the harshness of bumthat the consummation makes a grumble and the sound that i have learned called: ban marriage, ban marriage, ban amarriage, ban marriage,ban marriage, ban it all!    
# posted by cammie @ 6:49:00 pm

12.16.2003
mathias fain's gray 

			  ...is so fucking hot!
# posted by cammie @ 7:28:00 pm

12.13.2003
tom the model 

			  from the album 'out of season' [3:41]------------------------------------------------------------------------ lyrics: how can i forget your tender smilemoments that i have shared with youour hearts may break but they're on their wayand there's nothingi can do so do what you gotta dodon't misunderstand meyou know you don't ever have to worry 'bout mei'd do it again i can understand that it can't beguess it's hard as you were meant for mebut i can't hidemy own despairi guess i never will just do what you gotta doand don't misunderstand meyou know you don't ever have to worry 'bout mei'd do it again so tired of lifeno fairytaleso hold your firecos i need you so do what you gotta doand don't misunderstand meyou know you don't ever have to worry 'bout mei'd do it again do what you're gotta doand don't misunderstand meyou keep going over every word that we've saidbut you don't have toworry about me
# posted by cammie @ 6:36:00 pm

11.17.2003
beside you by van morrison 

			  little jimmy's goneway out of the backstreetout of the windowthrough the fallin' rainright on timeright on timethat's why broken arrowwaved his finger down the road so dark and narrowin the evenin'just before the sunday six-bells chime, six-bells chimeand all the dogs are barkin'way on down the diamond-studded highway where you wanderand you roam from your retreat and viewway over on the railroadtomorrow all the tippin' trucks will unloadevery scrapbook stuck will glueand i'll stand beside youbeside you childto never never never wonder why at allno no no no no no no noto never never wonder why at allto never never never wonder why it's gotta beit has to beway across the country where the hillside mountain glidethe dynamo of your smile caressed the barefoot virgin child to wanderpast your window with a lantern lityou held it in the doorway and you cast against the pointed island breezesaid your time was open, go well on your merry waypast the brazen footsteps of the silence easyyou breathe in you breathe out you breathe in you breathe out you breath inyou breathe out you breathe in you breathe outand you're high on your high-flyin' cloudwrapped up in your magic shroud as ecstasy surrounds youthis time it's found youyou turn around you turn around you turn around you turn aroundand i'm beside youbeside youoh darlin'to never never wonder why at allno no no no noto never never never wonder why at allto never never never wonder why it's gotta beit has to beand i'm beside youbeside youoh childto never never wonder why at alli'm beside youbeside youbeside youbeside youoh child
# posted by cammie @ 2:28:00 pm

let it be me by roberta flack or nina simone 

			    i bless the day i found you,i want to stay around youand so i beg you, let it be me. don't take this heaven from one,if you must cling to someonenow and forever, let it be me. each time we meet, love,i find complete love.without your sweet lovewhat would life be? so never leave me lonely,tell me you'll love me onlyand that you'll always let it be me. if for each bit of gladnesssomeone must taste of sadnessi'll bear the sorrow, let it be me. no matter what the price isi'll make no sacrifices.through each tomorrow let it be me. to you i'm praying,hear what i'm saying.please, let your heart beatfor me, just me. and never leave me lonely,tell me you'll love me onlyand that you'll always let it be me,let it be me.
# posted by cammie @ 2:19:00 pm

10.26.2003
rose i love you by greenfields of foreverland 

			  around the worldthere's millions like youright under our feethow should you compete? there's pictures to showthe big brains who knowand newspapers tellof fashion and wealth around the worldi love you the sameit's not for your looksit's not for your name the thorns won't helpto me you're uniquethe tigers will gothe tigers are weak around the worldbefore we were tamedwe were very smallbut now we stand tall
# posted by cammie @ 1:11:00 pm

10.24.2003
cela obscurcit l'objet de desir (1977) par luis bunuel 

			  merci m. bunuel pour faire ce film. il restera un rappel constant me de ce que désire est. les hommes sont si bêtes dans leur désir pour une femme. nous la femme doit les taquiner pour rester leur objet de désir. j'adore aussi que le conchinta de caractère a été lancé par un sophistiqué et une femme terrestre. les hommes désire et pour une femme pour pouvoir donner tant de de s'a du succès dans l'idylle d'annonce d'amour. la folie est empathiquement créée aussi. merci. 
# posted by cammie @ 1:36:00 pm

10.12.2003
angel flying too close to the ground 

			  if you would not have fallenthen i would not have found youangel flying too close to the ground and i patched up your broken wingsand hung around for a whiletrying to keep your spirits upand your fever down and i knew someday that you would fly awayfor love's the greatest healer to be found so leave me if you need toi will still rememberangel flying too close to the ground fly on, fly on past the speed of soundi'd rather see you upthan see you down so leave me if you need toi will still rememberangel flying too close to the ground
# posted by cammie @ 7:17:00 pm

10.09.2003
sunday girl - blondie 

			  i know a girl from a lonely streetcold as ice cream, but still as sweetdry your eyes, sunday girlhey, i saw your guy with a different girllooks like he's in another worldrun and hide, sunday girl hurry up, hurry up and waiti stay away all week and still i waiti got the blues, please come seewhat your loving means to me she can't catch up with the working crowdthe weekend mood and she's feeling proudlive in dreams, sunday girl "baby, i would like to go out tonightif i go with you my folks'll get uptight"stay at home, sunday girloooh oooh oooh he, j'ai vu ton mec avec une autre filleil semblait dans un autre mondecours te cacher sunday girl quand je t'ai revu l'e te j'ai de cidesi ton amour e tait pareil au mienje pourrais e tre sunday girl de pe che - toi, de pe che - toi et attendstoute la semaine absent et pourtant j'attendsj'ai le cafard, je t'en prie viens voirce que ton amour repre sente pour moihe, j'ai vu ton mec avec une autre filleil semblait dans un autre mondecours te cacher sunday girl i got the blues 
# posted by cammie @ 7:34:00 pm

car - catherine wheel 

			  if i touch you will you break,if i touch you will you take,my fears away, my fears away.i can hardly wait for you.i can't hear the moving mind.i've been sitting here for years to find.steal myself a car, ferrari or a jaguar,drive it a crazy speed,straight over a cliff and into the sea.i can hardly wait for you.i can't hear the moving mind.i've been sitting here for years, to findi've been sitting here for years, to find such big thoughts.i'll steal myself a car,ferrari or a jaguar,drive it at a crazy speed,straight over the cliff and into the sea. maybe i'll be happy, maybe i'll be happy,if that was guaranteed , i'd do it today,right now, just this once.today.
# posted by cammie @ 7:10:00 pm

10,000 maniacs - like the weather 

			  =================================  the color of the sky as far as i can see is coal grey.lift my head from the pillow and then fall again. with a shiverin my bones just thinking about the weather. a quiver in my lipsas if i might cry. well by the force of will my lungs are filledand so i breathe. lately it seems this big bed is where i neverleave. shiver in my bones just thinking about the weather.quiver in my voice as i cry, "what a cold and rainy day. where onearth is the sun hid away." i hear the sound of a noon bell chime.now i'm far behind. you've put in 'bout half a day while here ilie with a shiver in my bones just thinking about the weather. aquiver in my lip as if i might cry, "what a cold and rainy day.where on earth is the sun hid away?"do i need someone here to scold me or do i need someonewho'll grab and pull me out of this four poster dull torporpulling downward. for it is such a long time since my betterdays. i say my prayers nightly this will pass away.the color of the sky is grey as i can see through theblinds. lift my head from the pillow and then fall again with ashiver in my bones just thinking about the weather. a quiver inmy voice as i cry, "what a cold and rainy day. where on earth isthe sun hid away?" i shiver, quiver, and try to wake.
# posted by cammie @ 6:40:00 pm

9.08.2003
song of songs 2:1-7 

			  song of songs 2:1-7    i am a flower of sharon         a lily of the valley.     as a lily among thorns,          so is my beloved among women.       as an apple tree among the trees of the               woods,           so is my lover among men.         i delight to rest in his shadow,            and his fruit is sweet to my mouth.     he brings me into the banquet hall           and his emblem over me is love.      strengthen me with raison cakes,           refresh me with apples,           for i am faint with love.      his left hand is under my head            and his right arm embraces me.       i adjure you, daughters of jerusalem,           by the gazelles and hides of the               field.         do not arouse, do not stir up love            before its own time.
# posted by cammie @ 8:33:00 pm

8.19.2003
songs for a hot country summer 

			  by bonnie 'prince' billiefrom ease down the road album at break of day i know the sun's about to come up/i close my eyes anyway/my mouth is dry and the sheets are cold/and will be still come break of day//you called me upjust to surprise me/to hear my voice. see what i'd say/i only whispered, and then hungup/whispered  "wait till break of day"//at break of day/i'm ending all of it/and so don't say/you've had a ball/dawn is mine, but i will share it/with whatever bird will wear it/onher body bare and pink/ now what do you think of break of day//i locked my door, ishould unlock it/what if you should come this way/ and in and have a drink anddancing/dancing till the break of day//and then to bed we'd dance towards/and tiredlykiss and roll in hay/but waking in the evening i see/you left after break of day//at breakof day/i'm ending all of it/and so don't say/you've had a ball/dawn is mine, but i will share it/with whatever bird will wear it/on her body bare and pink/ now what do you think of break of day//at break of day/i'm ending all of it/and so don't say/you've had a ball/dawn is mine, but i will share it/with whatever bird will wear it/on her body bare and pink/ now what do you think of break of day//i hate myself when i'm alone/it's justwith you i feel okay/and tomorrow ill you feel sorrow/when i'm gone at break ofday a man needs a maidi was thinking that maybe i'd get a maidfind a place nearby for her to stay.just someone to keep my house clean -fix my meals and go away.a maid - a man needs a maid. to give a love, you gotta live a love.to live a love, you gotta be "part of."when will i see you again. a while ago somewhere i don't know wheni was watching a movie with a friend.i fell in love with the actress.she was playing a part that i could understand -a maid. a man needs a maid. when will i see you again? harvestby neil young from the harvest album did i see you down in a young girl's townwith your mother in so much pain?i was almost there at the top of the stairswith her screamin' in the raindid she wake you up to tell you thatit was only a change of plan? did i see you walking with the boysthough it was not hand in hand?and was some black face in a lonely placewhen you could understand?did she wake you up to tell you thatit was only a change of plan?dream up. dream up. let me fill your cupwith the promise of a man. will i see you give more than i can take?will i onlyy harvest some?as the days fly past will we lose our graspor fuse it in the sun?did she wake you up to tell you thatit was only a change of plan?dream up. dream up. let me fill your cupwith the promise of a man. out on the weekendby neil young from harvest think i'll pack it in a buy a pick-uptake it down to l.a.find a place to call my own and try to fix up.start a brand new day. the woman i'm think'n of - she loved me all upshe's so fine she's in my mind. i hear her callin'. see the lonely boy, out on the weekendtryingg to make it pay.can't relate to joy, he tries to speak and can't begin to say. she got pictures on the wall-they make me look upfrom her big brass bed.now i'm running down the road trying to stay upsomewhere in her head.
# posted by cammie @ 9:51:00 pm













archives

12.0201.0302.0303.0304.0305.0306.0307.0308.0309.0310.0311.0312.0301.0402.0404.0405.0406.0408.0403.0504.0507.0508.0510.0511.0512.0501.0602.0603.0604.0606.0607.0608.0609.0601.0702.0703.0705.0711.07





