creditman - the uk's leading resource for credit professionals | creditman    contact us       insolvency   early warning signs   creditor support   liquidation   personal debt   restructuring   finance   invoice finance   asset finance   maf finance group   fintech   debt   uk debt collection & recovery   international debt collection & recovery   insurance   advice hub   frequently asked questions   document downloads   red flag alert free search   news   guest blogs   events   about us   meet the team   subscription     insolvency   early warning signs   creditor support   liquidation   personal debt   restructuring   finance   invoice finance   asset finance   maf finance group   fintech   debt   uk debt collection & recovery   international debt collection & recovery   insurance   advice hub   frequently asked questions   document downloads   red flag alert free search   news   guest blogs   events   about us   meet the team   subscription   one stop shop for credit managersproviding support for financial controllers throughout the uk since 1999      creditman daily newsletter get the latest notices and insolvency news to your inbox  sign-up today  search all notices for a company:       search  recent appointment of administrators notices    view all view all view all view all view all view all recent winding up petitions (companies) notices    view all view all view all view all view all view all recent appointment of liquidator notices    view all view all view all view all view all view all recent winding up order notices    view all view all view all view all view all view all who we are tailored solutions with years of experience and a large network of contacts we pride ourselves on being able to provide tailored solutions. we are here to support with actionable information, so you know what to do. people you can talk to our dedicated team are on hand to provide help and advice on all matters relating to business recovery and insolvency, finance, credit insurance and debt both domestically and internationally. resource tool we have created a 'one-stop-shop' for business credit management - a directory and resource portal for all business credit management needs. find out more      our services  business recovery & insolvencywe have a growing reputation for providing practical solutions to the problems faced by financially distressed and underperforming businesses.  debtour carefully selected partners can assist with debt recovery and collection in uk and overseas. they are also able to assist with enforcement issues and tracing missing debtors on your behalf.  financeno longer are businesses reliant upon bank lending alone. they now have the flexibility to go out and source finance from various offerings taking in to account what is right for their business and its needs.  credit insurancefinancial protection is usually top of the agenda for the majority of business owners. credit insurance transfers the risk away from a business to the credit insurer, protecting the policyholder. find out more  speak to an expertconcerned about your company? call simon lowes, insolvency specialist, or fill out the form below for a callback.    submitting …       contact simon     thank you for contacting us, we will be in touch soon.  free company review and strategy planconcerned about a company? contact us for a full free review of their financial position and strategy plan. help@creditman.co.uk contact us      recent news   15th july 2024 guest blog by ian carson of harper james guest blogs   4th june 2024 new guest blog by shaun barton of company closure  guest blogs   22nd may 2024 guest blog by karl hodson of uk business finance guest blogs   18th april 2024 new guest blog by chris bristow from scotland liquidators guest blogs   11th march 2024 new guest blog by ian carson from harper james guest blogs   27th november 2023 new guest blog by ian carson of harper james guest blogs   25th july 2023 new guest blog by sharon mcdougall of scotland debt solutions guest blogs   17th july 2023 new guest blog by paul williamson of selling my business guest blogs view all news  creditman daily newsletter the latest notices to your inboxsubscribing to creditman guarantees that you can stay up to date with insolvency notices, news, articles and events relating to your industry.daily business recovery & insolvency noticesrelevant business news and expert commentaryevents and training to improve your network and skills sign-up today        creditman approved servicessolutions based business financeuk's leading business fundersfree brokerage servicefull market access   get a finance quotecorporate insolvency support for uk businesses35 years experience100+ uk officesconfidential director supportinsolvency market leader   learn more struggling to get your invoices paid contact us for a free consultation today!   get support today     help@creditman.co.uk contact us31st floor, 40 bank street, london, e14 5nr   twitter      linkedin      business recovery & insolvency   finance   credit insurance   debt     about creditman   news   events     terms & conditions   privacy policy   sitemap  this site uses cookies to monitor site performance and provide a more responsive and personalised experience. you must agree to our use of certain cookies. for more information on how we use and manage cookies please read our privacy policy accept all & close