



































































albany democrat-herald | breaking news| | read albany, or and oregon breaking news. get latest news, events and information on oregon sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















49°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



education



politics



business



nation & world



news tip



wildfires




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



beavers sports



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



mid-valley live



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



games & puzzles



play



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



outdoors




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

sports

opinion

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires








49°
cloudy
























        
        
            housing proposal from 'the aughts' draws community criticism

even so, it was tentatively approved. will it get an official sign-off? and will neighbors appeal it again?

















        
        
            fed agency months overdue on dam report

despite years of ongoing pressure, the corps has flouted congress’ deadlines, leaving some to question how a federal agency can ignore multiple congressional mandates.

















        
        
            here's what's wrong with corvallis' swimming pools

and what it'll take to fix it. 

















        
        
            oregon state coach tanya chaplin pays extra attention to judging

oregon state gymnastics coach tanya chaplin is working to make sure her team is as prepared as possible for the postseason.

















        
        
            sweet home man, target of police search, crashes motorcycle near police

the sheriff said deputies were surrounding the scene in east linn county when a motorcycle drove by at a high rate of speed.

















        
        
            mid-willamette valley, say goodbye to the snow

it was fun while it lasted. don't believe us? check out these pictures.


















        
        
            photos: snowy times in corvallis 2025

corvallis residents and osu students made the most of a snow day in practical and mostly fun ways.  










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            here's what's wrong with corvallis' swimming pools


















        
        
            albany approves the big bucks to upgrade outdated park


















        
        
            housing proposal from 'the aughts' draws community criticism















                
                the latest


















        
        
            interfaith voices: numbers and counting are a key to gaining clarity

as a shamanic practitioner, there are a few things i would like for you to understand. our world is wonder filled, transient, precious and sacred. 





















        
        
            mid valley neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published today in democrat-herald. 





















        
        
            mid valley speaks up: letters to the editor for the week of feb. 14, 2025

our weekly round-up of letters published in the democrat-herald. 





















        
        
            photos: corvallis comes out to play after snow blankets mid-willamette valley











                
                interact with us


















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 




















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit




















        
        
            the day after: 'robust post-war reintegration plan critical for sustainable free democratic ukraine'




















        
        
            doge website lacks detailed records despite musk’s 'maximally transparent' promise












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            photos: district swimming finals highlights




















        
        
            photos: south albany girls take the w at home against corvallis




















        
        
            photos: south albany and corvallis boys hash it out on the court



















        
        
            jaxson dart ends his ole miss career with 4 td passes and a 52-20 romp over duke in the gator bowl

jacksonville, fla. — jaxson dart's final college pass was a 69-yard touchdown that got him chewed out by coach lane kiffin on the sideline.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?




















        
        
            movie review: 'heart eyes' tries for laughs but ...

franchise first, concept second. that’s the thinking behind “heart eyes.”

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            understanding student loan repayment: a guide for graduates

contributor content. discover student loan repayment strategies to reduce interest, explore forgiveness programs, and choose the best plan for your financial future.




















        
        
            16 best shilajit gummies

affiliate content. discover the 16 best shilajit gummies, expertly crafted to enhance energy, support vitality, and promote overall well-being naturally.




















        
        
            20 best colostrum supplements

affiliate content. discover the 20 best colostrum supplements, curated to enhance immunity, support gut health, and promote overall well-being.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



























        
        
            mega foods (albany)



                                        2215 national way, woodburn, or 97071
                                    






 website






















        
        
            wells fargo & company/agenti media services



                                        two carlson parkway, ste. #400, plymouth, mn 55447
                                    






















        
        
            barbara jenkins tax consultant



                                        340 se 3rd ave, albany, or 97321
                                    

































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


special sections

mid-valley live

beavers sports

corvallis gazette-times

lebanon express

online features

get healthy




services


e-edition

contact us

advertising rates

forms

subscribe

work here

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        democrat-herald, po box 130 albany, or 97321-0041
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alert

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























