


cemar: center for ecosystem management and restoration



 

















home |
who we are |
what we do |
publications |

contact






programs






steelhead



restoration






conservation



hydrology






ecological



indicators




 
 
the board of directors of the center for ecosystem management and restoration (cemar) has concluded that 2016 will be cemar’s last year of operations. when cemar’s founder and executive director andrew gunther announced his intention in 2015 to step down as of june 30, 2016, the board of directors determined that several other cemar staff were also planning professional transitions. the board decided that such a significant loss of key staff made it unlikely that cemar would be able to maintain the quality and effectiveness of our operations.
we are proud of our programmatic accomplishments and the collaborative relationships we have created, and how we have demonstrated the value of scientific knowledge in pursuit of the sustainable management of coastal ecosystems. this website will continue to be maintained into the future so that regional practitioners can access the information it contains.
 
what's new at cemar
  

clean and healthy bay measure on june ballot
the san francisco bay restoration authority        voted to place the san francisco bay clean water, pollution          prevention, and habitat restoration program, known as the clean          and healthy bay ballot measure, on the june 2016 ballot in        all nine bay area counties. passage of the measure will require        approval by 2/3 of the total voters casting ballots cumulatively        across all nine bay area counties in the june 2016 election. the        measure would raise $500 million over 20 years to fund critical        bay restoration and flood protection projects. for more        information go to: https://www.savesfbay.org/secure/restore
october, 2015
restored wetlands and the floods in our future
    cemar’s executive director andrew gunther published an op-ed in the san francisco chronicle (october 26, 2015) regarding the importance of wetlands restoration as flood protection for the bay area.
june, 2015
letter to the editor published
    the san francisco chronicle published a letter to the editor from   cemar’s executive director andrew gunther in response to a op-ed   promoting the opinion that those seeking action on climate change are   part of a religious orthodoxy. read the letter.
 
 












learn about






steelhead in



coastal california






streamflow measurement



in key coastal watersheds






climate science








center for ecosystem management and restoration
rehabilitating california's coatal streams




home |
who we are |
what we do |
publications |

contact





cemar: center for ecosystem management and restoration
pursuing innovative, collaborative approaches to restore california's coastal ecosystems.

 



email: questions "at" cemar "dot" org



 











