ï»¿






miniature goldendoodle puppies | family friendly and low shedding















sandy ridge mini 
goldendoodles


email : 
		



		sandyridge@gmail.com 

phone : (319)759-6129





 




sandy ridge mini goldendoodles home

specialize in mini goldendoodles - 
20 years experience

 

 
we are planning for f1. f1b, and 
multigen miniature goldendoodle puppies in the spring, 2025. 

 
please email, call or text to reserve your puppy!! 

 or call to reserve your 









								 





 























 
 




	 

sandy ridge miniature goldendoodles





sandy ridge goldendoodles is located 
					in southeast iowa, in the beautiful mississippi river 
					valley. our goldendoodle puppies are raised to be the best 
					pet for their new owners and come well socialized. these 
					goldendoodles get lots of attention from a large family and 
					are raised in a relaxed rural setting.

health guarantee

	our goldendoodle puppies come with a 7 day health guarantee and a 2 year 
	genetic guarantee. 





	we never want any of our goldendoodles to have to go through any physical 
	pain, especially that which is caused by careless breeding of unhealthy dogs 
	or the mistreatment of the puppy. health of a puppy is our first concern, 
	followed by the temperament which is explained below in the training 
	section.
	 
our goldendoodle puppies









we raise goldendoodles. our 
					doodles are first generation, a cross between a labrador or 
					golden retriever and a standard or 

					miniature poodle. the 
					first generation goldendoodles have a hybrid vigor common to 
					first generation crosses. hybrid, or f1, goldendoodle are 
					less susceptible to common illnesses that are common to 
					purebreds and are generally more allergy friendly than the 
					retrievers. most shed little and all are very intelligent. 
					the type of coat on each of our goldendoodle puppies ranges 
					from slightly wavy to extremely curly.

 
update: we are no longer 
	raising miniature labradoodle puppies due to inconsistent coat qualities. we 
	have been more successful in achieving lower shedding and softer coats with 
	the miniature goldendoodle breed.

miniature doodles
we started out breeding the 
					standard labradoodle and goldendoodle breeds, but we now 
					specialize in miniature goldendoodles. these are also a 
					first generation, first generation backcross, or multigen 
					hybrid crosses, but between the golden retriever and a
					
miniature poodle 
					breeds. miniature, also known as mini, goldendoodles have 
					become increasingly popular because they retain the same 
					retriever doodles temperaments and coat qualities only in a 
					little smaller package. these mini goldendoodles make ideal 
					pets for families looking for a mid-sized dog. we have 
					experienced a little more size variation with the miniature 
					doodles, but most should stay in the 30-50 pound range (f1 
					miniature goldendoodle, 15-35 pound range (f1b miniature 
					goldendoodle), or 10-25 pound range (multigen miniature 
					goldendoodle).

					we have had a number of miniature goldendoodle litters 
					without the health problems that many breeders like to warn 
					pet seekers of. as far as we know, there has been no proven 
					health or genetic issues differing from standard breeding 
					except that of irresponsible breeding of unhealthy golden 
					retriever adults with unhealthy 

					miniature poodles.

training

					one of the greatest qualities of goldendoodles is their 
					ability to be easily trained. this results from their 
					natural affection and desire to please. despite this, 
					training is one of the most important aspects of a 
					goldendoodle puppy's life.











temperament: when a puppy 
					is first born, it requires most of its attention from its 
					mother. by the time a goldendoodle reaches 4 weeks old, they 
					become quite playful. it is at this age that we begin 
					playing with and socializing each one individually. 
					socialization is the most important training a goldendoodle 
					can have between 8 and 12 weeks old. this is where 
					goldendoodles develop their temperaments that will stay with 
					it for the rest of their dog life.

					obedience: starting from 8-12 weeks old, goldendoodles 
					should begin obedience training, whether with a 
					professional, or at home. it is here a goldendoodle will 
					learn which types of behavior are accepted and which are 
					not. it is essential that goldendoodles learn who is the 
					boss, yet the owner must treat a puppy with respect and care 
					to achieve the best results for temperament and obedience. 
					potty training is also a type of obedience training. you 
					must create a schedule or perform a certain activity to get 
					the puppy accustomed to its potty routine. other simple 
					obedience training areas that must be addressed include: 
					nipping, jumping, digging, chewing, and yard boundaries.











purchasing

					please search through our puppies available and email at
					


sandyridge@gmail.com 
					or call us at 319-759-6129. we accept a deposit of $500 as a 
					nonrefundable down payment to hold a spot on a litter when a 
					list is opened. the balance the payment is due when puppies 
					are 6 weeks old. you may pick out your puppy when they are 6 
					weeks old and may take your puppy home when it is 8-10 weeks 
					old, depending on the size. new owners are handled on a 
					first come, first serve basis. those who place a down 
					payment first on a new litter will receive pick of the 
					litter. our closest 
					airport is moline, il (mli) which is about 1.5 hours from 
					us.

					thank you for visiting sandy ridge puppies. please enjoy 
					your stay. you may visit the goldendoodle puppy page for 
					more information on availability. mini goldendoodles tend to 
					be sold quickly when available, so please contact us if you 
					are seriously interested in a one of our miniature 
					goldendoodle puppies.

	 




 

sitemap

 

 

 

 


