








housing initiative partnership, inc. development & counseling in maryland





















































 


skip to content



30 years of housing security | financial stability | community success
 


search for:








toggle navigationaboutwhat we dowhat we doour historyour founderannual reportsawardship newswho we are30th anniversary celebrationmeet the teamboard membersorganizational documentsmission videoswho we serveresident profilestestimonialsget in touchour officescareer opportunitiescontactcounseling & educationprogram overviewmontgomery county home sharinghomebuyer education & counselingmortgage counseling & foreclosure preventionmaryland homeowner assistance fund (haf)rental counseling & eviction preventionfinancial capability coachinggaithersburg financial empowerment centerclass registrationfirst-time homebuyer orientationhomebuyer education workshopsehome online homebuyer educationforms and surveyshomebuyer surveycounseling intake packetsrental opportunitiesbladensburg commonsbirchwood at elktonbirchwood at newton greenmount rainier artist apartmentsrenaissance square artists’ housingresidences at springbrooktowne courtsthe willows at ceciltonthe willows at north east housing developmentresident servicesmultifamily developmentsingle-family homespalmer parkfairmount heightshousing rehabilitation assistance program (hrap)how to helpvolunteervolunteer opportunitiesdonatecommunity investment tax creditsways to give – support hipdonate nowdonate 


search for:









 


loading...







net zero energy homes in fairmount heights -- for sale in late february 2025 



attn: first-time buyers!  

join the interest list now 












residences at springbrook in clinton...
now open! 



beautiful new senior community for ages 62+ 


learn more
ribbon cutting











more "hip homes" coming spring 2025... join the interest list to get notified. 












the gaithersburg fec is celebrating 2 years of service! 



schedule your appointment with a financial counselor... 





















 



homeowners, do you have a spare room to share? 
let hip help you identify a compatible housemate. 












montgomery county's covid rent relief program is closed... 



join hip for tenant info sessions on tuesdays @ 7pm - click here. 












renting in maryland? 



you might be eligible for a state tax credit 


learn more











register for hip's next homebuyer education workshop 



we've taken the saturday classes virtual on zoom!!! 


learn more














homepagetamara rice2023-02-28t06:09:49+00:00 
our missionhousing initiative partnership, inc. (hip) develops innovative affordable housing, revitalizes neighborhoods, and equips people to achieve their housing and financial goals.
our vision is that every person lives in high-quality affordable housing in a thriving community.
we maintain offices in hyattsville in prince george’s county, and in germantown and gaithersburg in montgomery county, maryland.
learn moreupcoming events 




first-time homebuyer orientation session – virtual (free) march 5, 2025, 7:00 pm - 8:00 pm 




hip’s homebuyer education workshop – virtual zoom class, saturday march 8, 2025, 9:00 am - 3:00 pm 


 

latest newslesia bullock2024-10-09t00:39:31+00:00hip named “community impact business of the year” – prince george’s county chamberlesia bullock2024-10-09t13:20:03+00:00gaithersburg financial empowerment center releases its 2-year reportlesia bullock2022-10-04t01:33:53+00:00towne courts grand opening and ribbon cutting in annapolismore newstestimonialshere’s what our community has to say:

i cannot stress enough the amount of good that it did me to work with an angel like zulma, and to have an agency like hip suddenly give me a voice when my own attempts to get help had virtually fallen on deaf ears.  the work that agencies like yours do truly makes a positive impact in people’s lives and are critical to saving our communities.  getting approved for my (loan) modification was by far my biggest blessing this year and i owe it all to zulma and hip.  words will never suffice to express my extreme feeling of gratitude but from the bottom of my heart, thank you, thank you, thank you!
patricia in montgomery village


dear zulma,
thank you for all your help and hard work throughout this process. since the moment we spoke on the phone… you have been there for me and for my husband, helping us every step of the way and always finding the best solution for us. as first time homeowners, it was an amazing experience to work with someone like you that took the time to explain everything to us. i can say that this would not have been possible if it was not for your hard work since day one. i know that there are many others like my family that are truly grateful to you for your dedication and your excellent customer service. it was a pleasure meeting you and having you as a mentor.


glendys in montgomery village
i can’t express how elated i am to be in my home!!!! it has proven to be by far one of the best things that has ever happened to my family, and is truly a blessing. the kids are loving the yard and for the first time they can play to their hearts content in their own area. i tell everyone i know about hip and the wonderful things that your organization does within the community. to be completely honest, if i wasn’t currently employed i would apply to work at hip. i love to see people happy, i often get on my computer and look at your website to see what you all are up to. my aunt and my best friend are interested in hip, and i encouraged them both to register for the homebuyer workshop.  so, of course i spoke extremely highly of your program. i can’t say how proud i am to have been a part of hip.
jada, new homeowner in temple hills
jada in temple hills
thank you, and everyone at hip, for all of your help in getting us back on track financially over these past few years. your energy and dedication to the community is only unmatched by the compassion, empathy and respect of dignity with which you provide service.
homeowner in laurel
i am writing to say thank you and express my tremendous appreciation for the outstanding assistance that housing initiative partnership, inc. (hip) and my housing counselor provided in connection with my recent mortgage loan modification. zulma was extremely professional, efficient and supportive throughout the process, and helped me achieve a favorable outcome during an extremely stressful period. i cannot imagine how difficult (and prohibitively expensive) it would have been to go through that process without her assistance. the services that zulma and hip provide are absolutely essential to home owners in our community. i hope these services will continue to be available permanently in the future.
j. s. in montgomery county
dear sonia:
thank you for all your help with my loan modification, directing me to all the programs that have been so helpful and saving me so much money.
specifically, the homeowner’s tax credit saved me $200 a month on my mortgage payment, thanks to you. the energy assistance program is paying my electric and gas utility bills during desperate times for me, thanks to you. the energy efficiency program replaced most of my appliances and light bulbs with energy efficient ones at no cost to me, thanks to you. the latter is truly an amazing program. they replaced my old refrigerator, dishwasher, furnace/central air, hot water heater, washer and dryer, all for free.
it’s true that i am going through very difficult times right now, but without your help, things would be a lot worse. i was truly blessed the day i walked into your office. you have treated me with kindness and understanding at a time when i really needed it, and you are a credit to your profession. i just wanted to thank you and let you know that your help has meant so much to me. i wish you all the best.
matthew, homeowner in germantown
mr. perez was outstanding in every respect.  he was extremely knowledgeable and well-prepared with specific questions to gather the information in the most efficient and effective manner… in addition to being knowledgeable and courteous, he actually listened carefully. his subsequent questions and advice were focused on what i thought the pertinent questions were – and more importantly led me to critical questions that i was too ignorant of the subject to know to ask.
this combination of subject expertise and communications skill is rare. all of these i found in abundance in my conversation with mr. perez.
win, lose, or draw on a case by case basis, you are doing good.
jim×
covid-19 resources in maryland
hip is open for business and serving clients remotely. let us help you!
important information




 
 





 
info@hiphomes.org


newsletter signup
×sign up for updates!



rent relief info
×rent relief information



 

class registration first-time homebuyer orientation homebuyer education workshops ehome online homebuyer education
 


 
 

hyattsville, md 

6525 belcrest road, suite 555
hyattsville, md 20782



301-699-3835


germantown, md 

upcounty regional services center
12900 middlebrook road, suite 1500
germantown, md 20874



301-916-5946


 

 
 
 





		copyright 2020 housing inititative partnership	

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link




































































































 


go to top




