

anti corruption politics fraudulent judges courts police injustices human rights masons land law














 





 
        













 
        
the
        citizen's voice in the united kingdom - from those affected by slapp
        actions & discrimination

 
      





 
        home  |  
cases  
        |  
history 
        |   law 
 |   police  
        |   politics  
        |   rights  
|  sussex 
        |  waste 
        |  wood
 

                 please
                use our site index
to navigate
                the dirt on this site
 
 



 
 

 
societal
                rodents - transparency

                -  is the key to identifying councillors, council staff and
                police officers who might be abusing
                their positions of trust, to nip organized crime in the bud. the
                more a council, police force or other government official seek
                to cloud answerability, the more likely that office is to
                be corrupt. we advocate zero tolerance to all persons in any chain of corruption that
                follows, including police officers, court officials and judges. let's get rid
                of the rats in the system who are
                bleeding the ordinary person in the street dry.
 
 
                 
                 it
                appears from media reports and the evidence echoed on this site
                that britain is slowly turning into a nazi like police
                state, despite our forefather fighting so hard to prevent it
                in two world wars. police forces that are complicit in failing
                to investigate planning crime, and then help to bury legitimate
                criticism are nothing less that gestapo
                thugs, the brotherhood of which may be secret societies like the
                masons.
 wealden
                council's jackboots
                rained down substantially more than the 185 recorded storm trooper
                visits on one of their victims because he might be able to
                reveal the level of dishonesty in a race to bankrupt their
                target before he was able to uncover the evidence of their
                treachery. unfortunately
                for wealden, the victim was able to gain the proofs as to the
                history attaching to a generating building in sussex, before
                they could bury him. but not before those officers could make
                off with enhanced pensions for their part in a micro holocaust. but
                that was not the end of it. this council's next move was to
                enlist the help of sussex police
                to discredit the man who with support from a local action
                group had uncovered a whole mess of corrupt cases and
                planning consents for those in positions of trust, or for friends
                of those on the appropriate committees.   
 
 
it's
                official - the uk is the most corrupt country in the world;
                the drug money laundering capital of the world. and guess what?
                the government are are doing nothing about it. indeed, where you
                suppose the extra cash is coming from for military procurement
                fraud? submarines and aircraft carriers - all paid for by drug
                money.
   english
                history
 the
                history of england tells the tale of a land that is constantly
                beleaguered by plotting and treachery, struggles for political
                gains and  royal
                wrangles, not least of which was henry
                viii with his six marriages and appointment of himself as
                head of the church. this sets the scene for the civil war and a
                democracy that is not that far removed in political back
                stabbing from that we see today in national and local government. constitutional
                crisis
the
                present british system violates the bill
                of rights 1689 and the united
                nation's universal declaration of human rights in that there
                is no
                written constitution to make the police and courts answerable
                to a set of legal rules that is reliable. not having any rules
                that they must follow, judges can ignore human rights in one
                case and apply them in another - "taking a view." there is no
                consistency, with the law
                changing from day to day as one court decides on thing one
                day with one view and another decides the near opposite at some
                point in time on another day, taking a different view,
                effectively reversing case precedent. the police are answerable
                to nobody. no policeman
                has ever been prosecuted successfully for manslaughter or murder
                for example. no policeman has
                ever been prosecuted for not investigating a crime scene negligently.
                police officials are routinely rewarded with medals by the state
                for maintaining the present system, regardless of investigative
                failures that perpetuate  white collar
                crime, in that there is no statute of limitation on past crimes, where injustice still prevails.
 

organised crime in the uk  - 
when you hear about organised crime, you think of tough gangsters
                with knives and guns beating people up in dark alleys. you should be thinking about council staff
                in smart buildings and suits, who are on the take and crooked police officers who back them
                up in the taking. yes, it is criminal and it is part of our
                culture, just as much as bribery is said to be part of the culture of
                russia,
                brazil,
                india, and many other countries, including the
                 us where military
                contracts are involved - indeed courses
                are run on the subject of keeping bribery down to an acceptable level. an acceptable level! this must surely be zero tolerance.
                unfortunately, that is not the case. bribery and treachery are part of everyday life in the uk.
 
local councils -  
we are sure that if you take a close look at the
                councils in your area that there will be relatives of builders,
                architects and landowners on the committees. look even closer
                and you will find that  declarations of interest are rarely made
                and when those exist, that the councilor concerned, or maybe even
                a  planning officer with an interest, will not leave the room. records
                of interests may even be re-written retrospectively and in
                the case of wealden district, entries may be retrospectively
                tippexed and re-written. it is
                all about manipulating  property values so that only certain
                people benefit where discrimination is institutionalised, but
                well hidden so that you have to look for it.    
                










 
 
the
                wishes of the many

                - in our view mr edmonds and the ministers contacted were justifiably
                concerned as to  wealden district council ignoring the wishes of
                the public and the needs of our wounded soldiers. council
                officers are civil servants, not  gods sitting on a throne
                deciding who gets what and the price it is going to cost them.
                all to often, councils put a legal spanner in the works just to
                hike up those costs to make whatever the proposal is too
                expensive to pursue. in this manner they retain their seated
                thrones at the expense of the taxpayer who is more than likely
                not being fairly represented by the members of these councils.
                typically, members have conflicts of interest that are
                under-reported. wealden is the only council who refused a
                researcher copy of their register when he found an entry changed
                with tippex to reflect what should have happened but did not. a
                totally different outcome was retrospectively logged in the
                register to that which had actually
                happened. going back to our  royal
                marine, joe townsend's
                case was taken up by the television show following criticism of the planning decision by wealden district council in east sussex. more than 8,000 people
                had signed a petition on the 10 downing street website calling on the council to reverse its decision.
                this shows just how out of touch with reality wealden's officers
                and members are. surely, now is the time to change the system
                where the same old members get re-elected year after year. we
                need new blood. young members who know what emerging families
                need and at least the drive to pursue a fairer society. the
                older and more entrenched a member becomes, the less in touch
                they are. being a councilor could be a modern form of community
                service for the those with suitable qualifications who are
                temporarily out of work - rather than a pastime for the retired.
 
 
                 affordable
                housing  - nobody gets 
                reasonably priced accommodation in the uk. you either buy a house where all the
                professionals in the chain have had their cut of your wages, or you apply for
                planning permission - where once again all those in the chain
                insist on a slice of your cake. yes, your cake - a slice of your
                life. and that is why millions of youngsters will never break
                free of the  renting society that these
                 crooked officers have operated
                for years to create and control and make  english landlords fat
                from what many might describe as  immoral
                earnings. it's
                a great system for those in positions of trust, and as with 
                jimmy saville and the bbc, they
                get the protection of the state. the history
                of uk housing deficit and  slums in the uk was boosted after
                wwii by sir
                winston churchill, but after that the rot set in again with 
                maggie thatcher allowing a sell off of essential social housing
                stocks. plutocratic
                control  - to
                keep control, executive officers in councils have a secret
                agenda to resist any
                development that has not been approved by them - unless they've
                had their pound of flesh. if you develop a
                site without paying them first (applying for planning permission
                with back handers or other favours), councils come down on you
                like a ton of bricks, even though such development may be
                lawful. a hit order may be given to slapp
                you, to silence disent. corrupted
                courts
  - councils,
                and other agencies who with them, employ the courts to obtain orders using  false
                evidence, and for the most part the judges are in on it - more
                than happy to help the old boys brigade with a masonic
                handshake or two in the mix. the
                courts are not independent as they are supposed to be, neither are the police
                and never will be unless membership of secret societies is
                outlawed. all
                uk agencies work
                together to pile on the pressure to discredit and demoralize any
                person who challenges their right to profit from a system that
                is supposed to be fair. these agencies are immune from data protection and privacy
                laws and routinely abuse your rights. nothing new there, with mi6
                and the cia
                routinely doing the same.
 
 
 
 

 
 
un
      agendas -  with blue
      growth and the climate
      change and sustainable energy act 2006  firmly on the political map, we wonder how
                conservative, labour
                and liberal mps might face the challenges ahead.
                what we probably need is a green
                prime minister to make up for greed driven president
                trump doing his best to incinerate americans, causing the
                rest of the intelligent world to have to work harder to allow
                the third world to catch up with technology.    climate
                change  - while the rich get richer building mansions the
                planet's temperature is soaring melting the polar ice caps.
                traditional housing design and choking cars and trucks got us
                into this mess. wealden and other councils cannot change their
                dirty habits to clean energy for a circular
                economy, despite the climate
                change act 2008 making it law to do so. councils
                are skilled at involving mappa agencies to enforce mercilessly
                against anyone mentioning the important global issues until they break you, both mentally and
                financially. but, every once in a while a citizen fights back.
                in one case we are following, the citizen was unlucky enough to
                buy an old building in the wealden area. that was in 1982. more
                to the point, having beaten them into a corner on the origins of
                the building by about 2000, they tried first to  bankrupt the
                citizen in 2003 using costs obtained by a defective (fraudulent)
                enforcement notice with the help of  dame butler-sloss, then
                when that failed to stop him winning client cases, they did their hardest to discredit the citizen,
                because he was winning cases for clients by using their own
                tactics against them, even to the point of effecting citizens
                arrests at illegal site visits - and this they knew would lead to an
                eventual prosecution of their officers - and exposure of the
                corruption in the system: organized crime, with a few masons
                in the mix to add yet more intrigue. the
                worst case of local authority corruption  - in all the cases we have reviewed on this website,
                this is by far the worst of institutionalized discrimination
                that we have witnessed. as the case is so scandalous, we know
                that readers will not believe it. we also know that the
                perpetrators will seek to deny any and everything and again try to
                discredit the  victim and say his claims are unsupported. for
                that reason, we are publishing the key documents - so that you
                can see for yourself the level of conspiracy between agencies -
                here supported by
                documentary proof to the criminal standard. we hope that the
                general public might learn from this tragic tale of  mental
                torture how it is that your council
                and local police work together using the courts, to pervert the
                course of justice. you will also be amazed to learn that crime
                commissioners almost never take chief constables to task for
                their criminal involvement. it is of course a crime to fail to
                investigate a crime.    
 
 
the
                head of state -
                
                when fresh evidence shows that a conviction is unsafe it falls
                to the criminal
                cases review commission to test the evidence in the court of
                appeal. unfortunately, the corruption is so strong and at such a
                high level where masonic influence is involved (as in this case)
                that even the ccrc
                may not be counted on to act impartially and without
                discrimination, or to act at all.
 
if
                it is that the ccrc have also become entangled in a cover up,
                then the only recourse for any victim is the head of state. a
                prime minister is only a temporary head of state. if no
                satisfaction may be obtained from such a temporary appointee,
                then the matter devolves the the permanent head of state, which
                at the time of writing is her
                majesty queen elizabeth on england. article
                13 of the convention of human rights provides every european
                citizen with the right to an effective remedy. if you take a
                look at the uk's human rights act 1998, you will find that there
                is no article 13. this is another
                example of english organised crime at the very highest level. as
                a country we helped draft the convention to bind all of the
                other countries in europe to our will, but then opted out
                ourselves. who can you place your trust in knowing that? god?
                in england you are deprived of the right to an effective remedy.
                europe will say that in such cases the effective remedy resides
                with the head of state. if the temporary appointee fails to act
                (any prime minister) your effective remedy devolves to her
                majesty - or so logic dictates. it is worth writing to the head
                of state to ask who it is that guarantees your article 13 rights
                - and please let us know what you are told - if anything. be
                warned, that with a dysfunctional monarchy, one cannot expect an
                efficient service. be prepared to be given the bums rush. see
                the a to z
                of shit for more reference.
    how
                does the queen feel about that at the age of 96? why
                the  queen you
                might think? because the  queen is head of state in every case. the 
                buck stops with her at the moment. it will eventually be her
                successor. the get out for the queen, is that she transfers her
                power to an elected government and from that point on the  prime
                minister is ultimately responsible. acts of parliament, no
                matter how unjust - or in some cases unlawful under european or
                international law, receive royal assent - and only then pass
                into law with support of the spiritual
                lord bishops. the queen is responsible for appointing the prime minister
                (at present theresa
                may) after a general election or a
                resignation. in a general election the queen will appoint the candidate who is likely to have the most support of the
                 house of commons,
                and must have a majority of votes even if only via a coalition.  dissolution (the act of dissolving) happens when: the government's fixed four-year term is
                complete, the government loses a vote on important bills – the budget, for example – in the house of commons, or impropriety is uncovered. typically, the queen will avoid such scandal with an arrangement that a minister will resign, such as when
                 tony blair's is called
                a  war criminal by protestors for invading
                iraq.  to
                be continued ......
 
       
 
 
 
      
 
us
      sex case evidence - the
      testimony on myron t scholberg fbi,
      invoked the certainties of science to guide a jury and the ruse did its job: the verdict came in
      guilty - sending kirk odom to jail for 22 years on bogus hair evidence. on the basis of
      a single hair kirk odom was to spend the next 22 years in prison and a further nine living the half-life of a paroled sex offender.
      the trouble is that scholberg’s testimony wasn’t scientific, and it wasn’t true. fast forward to 2009, by which time odom had spent 28 years in prison and on parole. in that year the national research council of the national academy of sciences
      (nrcnas) released a landmark report into the practice of forensic analysis in the us. the
      nrcnas report pointed out a basic problem with the idea that you can compare two hair samples and produce a positive match. no statistics
      exist that map the distribution of hair properties in the general population, and that renders it impossible to make any meaningful calculations about the probabilities of a particular hair type being found. as a result, “all analyst testimony … stating that a crime scene hair was ‘highly likely’ to have come, ‘very probably’ came, or did come from the defendant violates the basic scientific criterion that expressions of probability must be supported by data”.
      to put that in plain english, scholberg’s statement to the jury at the odom trial – that the match he had found between the defendant’s and the rapist’s hair was a “very rare phenomenon” – was complete fantasy.
 
the fbi’s 1977 pamphlet microscopy of hair: a practical guide and manual. 
      the assumption running through its 53 pages is that with the help of a microscope a skilled examiner can positively match two hairs to the same person with a high probability of
      accuracy. clarence kelley, then director of the fbi, wrote a starry-eyed foreword to the manual in which he expressed his hope that it would promote “maximum use of physical evidence in our criminal justice system of america”.
      at its peak the microscopic analysis unit in washington had 11 special agents devoted entirely to hair comparisons, working on up to 2,000 cases a year and testifying 250 times annually. between 1972 and 1999, the unit produced at least 2,500 positive hair matches that were used in criminal cases, and tens of thousands more may have resulted from fbi
      “so-called experts” training detectives to use the technique in states across the country.

      in april 2015, spencer hsu of the  washington post
      reported that the fbi and the us justice department formally acknowledged that it had given flawed testimony in almost all the criminal trials in which its agents were involved. those cases included 32 that put defendants on death row – nine of whom have already been executed.
 
 
 
      
 
uk
                  prime ministers - in
                our opinion david cameron
failed
                to tackle accountability for the ordinary taxpayer. 
                  will theresa
                may give every citizen an equal
                  opportunity in dealings with their local council
                  and the police?
                hardly! she called a general election not long after taking
                office. why?
 
julian
                  assange - if
                  you go about revealing all about politicians and their sneaky
                  tactics, you are bound to find yourself accused of something unsavory.
                  wikileaks! nice one julian. freedom of speech and transparency
                  in office. if they abided by those principles for real, the
                  world would be a safer place.
 
uk

      sex case evidence similarities  - substitute myron scholberg for
      
      melanie liebenberg and anatomical evidence, rather than the
      matching of a hair
      - mr odom's conviction was obtained using the same methods used in the uk
      by the cps.
      the cps knowingly called out of date medical evidence to seal a
      wrongful conviction, the   fbi
 used outdated anatomical evidence.
      it's time the uk did the needed
research to not only convict those guilty of
      offences based on scientific data rather than fantasy opinion, but also to
      protect those falsely accused of crimes. ref: extracts from a guardian

      article by ed pilkington
 
 











 
 




 
                our
                new year message 2018 - the uk economy
 
                as
                of 2015 uk government debt amounted to £1.56 trillion,
                or 81.58% of total gdp, at which time the annual cost of
                servicing (paying the interest) the public debt
                amounted to around £43bn (which is roughly 3% of gdp or 8% of
                uk government tax income).
 you
                should bear in mind that irresponsible public spending, so more
                borrowing,  will result in higher taxes for you, the man in
                the street. these politicians are costing you more to live. that
                is more money you have to earn for them to squander on empire
                building that is un-sustainable. at the moment the uk's policies
                are robbing you blind.
 
                how
                have did we get here? let's
                start at local level: in the wealden district around  hailsham
                between 1998-1999 around 10 cases of abusing the citizens rights
                were costing the taxpayers upwards of £100,000 a year. one case
                exceeded £500,000
                by 2001 and is still unresolved in 2016. let
                us stay with just 10 cases we know of in 1998, which totals a cool £1million. we
                believe that just about all council planning
                departments were operating the same discriminatory practices
                country-wide. now let us multiply the hailsham area by the number
                of councils in england & wales: 455 x £1m = £455m. then let's multiply that by the years from 1999 to 2013 = £6.37
                billion. that's a lot of money down the drain. and this is just
                corrupt planning departments. imagine what else is lurking in
                other departments, social services and the like?




 it
                gets worse. all the while those councils were working to prevent
                lawful development, they were stopping houses, etc, being used
                that were needed. remember the housing shortage? yup, that is all
                down to councils trying to keep development in the hands of
                their chums and at premium rates. chums are called 'favoured
                developers.' favoured developers hand out sweeteners to planning
                officers,  councillors and the like to keep their consents
                flowing -
                usually for unsustainable
                developments = high price houses. the
                national debt is proof of practices that are unsustainable.
                it is up to council chief executives to prevent corruption, but
                they are at the top of the pile, more than likely orchestrating
                cover ups, etc.
 
                in
                order to keep house prices artificially high, it is necessary to
                abuse the rights of the ordinary citizen to develop land for
                himself. that is the hidden agenda that is ruining our country
                and making financial  slaves of most of us. what
                is worse, is that the experts predict a national debt of 99% of
                gdp within four years if we continue to allow corrupt
                officials to live off the fat of the land. please note that
                several websites give different gdp and debt figures.
 one
                solution is to stop paying council officials high salaries
                (including gov ministers & nhs consultants). rotate staff and perhaps consider
                zero
                hour contracts for all. that would give us a level playing
                field, lower wage bills and pay for performance. no more fat
                bums on chairs for doing nothing but obfuscate and procrastinate. rotating
                staff with audits on planning consents, cross linked with
                enforcement, would show us where policies are not being applied
                consistently. i.e. where the favors are being handed out, to
                who by whom. and lastly, fines for councils who do not conform
                to government dictums. what
                all this amounts to is an appalling lack of understanding of
                administration across the land, or rather a "blind
                eye" policy, so long as the mps are nice and comfy and the
                public don't realize what is going on. the corruption appears to
                be cross party, by which we mean that each successive government
                has failed to tackle the grass roots issues.
 
                 
                 site index
 
                 prisons
                & injustices - noble cause corruption it
                costs a fortune to keep a prisoner, though it costs virtually
                nothing to convict a person, provided that the police do not
                spend time on investigating the crime scene. legal aid is capped
                at £1,500 for preparation and trial no matter what type of case or the complexity of the
                trial. for example, a simple burglary trial could be concluded
                in one day, with preparations and pleas also taking one day. in
                which case the £1500 fee would cover that type of
                representation. but, complex cases mean that solicitors have to
                justify expenses - which they don't like, and so will not do the
                extra work and risk being out of pocket.     now
                let's look at a complex case involving historical sex
                allegations. there will be umpteen witness statements to
                collect, forensic analysis of computers, medical reports - the
                same for the defence. do you think £1500 will cover that? of
                course not, and that is the  inequality of the system, where a
                defendant in such a case will not get proper representation. in
                addition, in the burglary case, the defendant is deemed innocent
                until proven guilty, whereas, in the sex case he/she is deemed
                guilty. the burden of proof shifts to the defence, and on £1500
                that is hardly fair - and that is why the state are virtually
                guaranteed a guilty verdict. and, that is why lord denning and
                other high ranking persons in the british justice system say:
                "it is better that some innocent men remain in jail that
                the integrity of the english judicial system be impugned."
                what he really means is with the loaded dice, he knows that he
                will be convicting a significant number of innocent men. and, we
                have not even taken a peek at the fit-up angle. that's all very
                well lord denning, but what about article 6; the right
                to a fair trial? those wrongly convicted take years to get
                their names cleared, in the process their lives are ruined - and
                even with their convictions overturned, many people will still
                not believe that they were innocent. how does the state
                compensate for that? surely that is degrading
                treatment! is it any wonder the the prison population is
                exploding - and we know what that means. yup, more state
                borrowing.
 
                 
                 
                

 justice
        is about funding a decent defence
 
        those
        who cannot afford a full and proper defence will more than likely be
        convicted. legal aid lawyers get so little money to defend a case that
        the defence they mount is almost non-existent. the result is that the
        cps, who have unlimited funding, will trounce the defence - and it does
        not matter if the defendant is innocent or guilty. changes in the law in
        england were designed to disadvantage any person accused of a sexual
        offence.  
        
 
 
the
      case of nigel evans is yet another case that demonstrates that where a
      person is able to fund a case privately, he or she is more likely to be
      acquitted due to the higher quality of representation.
      click on mr evan's picture to read more on the inequalities in the english
      justice system.
 
                 
              



..
. 
         
        
 

        



 












.
sussex
                  rogues
                  gallery - wdc officers and members involved in covering up the
                  history of herstmonceux museum - in the process raising our
                  national debt. being involved can mean doing
                  something wrong, or not doing anything when something is
                  called for - such as consulting the experts, or making sure
                  that council officers carry out their duties correctly - or
                  have done so in the past. the latter is just as bad as being
                  the one who presents false information to a committee - or
                  even going along with discriminatory agendas in denial of article
                  14.
 
climate
                  criminals - many members draw benefits for being a member, but do
                  not reply to correspondence - being more interested in
                  remaining in the "club" than standing up for what is
                  right. such behaviour may now be considered under section 4 of
                  the fraud act 2006, and also as a breach of their duty under
                  the representation of the peoples acts = failure to properly
                  represent a member of the public. worse still, if a councilor
                  knows something is not right and sits on his or her hands,
                  they may fall foul of the accessories
                  and abettors act in addition to the fraud act. what this
                  country needs is a case setting precedent. which force will
                  have the guts to go after a councillor, planning officer, or
                  even a chief executive?
 
we'd like to hear the views
                  of those above. why is it that nothing is being done to
                  correct past misdeeds? their silence is deemed acceptance of
                  the situation as we have published - and guess what, it is
                  awfully quiet around here, so we must have got it right!
 
 
 site index
 




 

 
appeal
        hearings can now be filmed and tweeted

        communities secretary  eric pickles has announced he will issue new guidance that will formally open up planning appeal hearings “to be filmed, tweeted and reported”.

        he also challenged  councils to open up their planning committees and other meetings.

        as part of the government’s review of planning practice, new guidance by the planning inspectorate will make clear the rights for members of the press and public, including local bloggers and hyperlocal journalists, to report, film and tweet planning appeal hearings.

        ministers hope this initiative will open up a rarely seen side of the planning process.

        the department for communities and local government has stated that: “provided that it does not disrupt proceedings, anyone will be allowed to report, record and film proceedings including the use of digital and social media”.

        inspectors are to advise those present at the start of the event that the proceedings may be recorded and/or filmed, and that anyone using social media during or after the end of the proceedings should do so responsibly.

        pickles said: “watching television programmes like  grand
        designs, viewers have been baffled as cameras are stopped from filming meetings of the planning committee. councillors shouldn’t be ashamed or be trying to hide the work they do.

        “i am opening up the planning appeals that my department oversees, so the public can see how the planning system works in practice.

        “councils should match this by opening up their planning meetings and other committees,” he
        said - and we could not agree more.
 
 
 



 
 
 

fair
        use notice
 




 
        this
        site is free of © copyright except where specifically stated 1997 -
        2023.  any
        person may download, use and quote any reference or any link, and is
        guaranteed such right to freedom of information and speech under the
        human rights and freedom of information acts.  however, be aware
        that we cannot be held liable for the accuracy of the information
        provided.  all users should therefore research matters for
        themselves and seek their own legal advice and this information is
        provided simply by way of a guide.  horse sanctuary trust uk  
        all trademarks herby acknowledged.
 
         
        













 
         
        
please note that this site is owned and
        operated by the horse sanctuary trust uk volunteers,  with support
        from max energy limited

 
        

 
         
      



 


