





























bed and breakfast in san antonio :: riverwalk king williams district































































 
210-223-2353
check availability

 
menu

home
rooms & rates

view all rooms
rooms comparison
jackson house
carriage house
oge house


specials & packages

specials
packages
enhancements
gift certificates


weddings & romance

elopements
honeymoons


plan your stay

san antonio
business travel
history
blog


directions
  
 
















home
 
 




oge house

exquisite antebellum mansion set on the san antonio riverwalk. a romantic setting with expansive verandas, gazebo and lush gardens.




pancoast carriage house

secluded getaway near the riverwalk offering access to a full kitchen, outdoor pool and heated spa. great for families and small groups.




jackson house

exceptional lodging value near the riverwalk featuring an indoor spa pool, beautiful marble baths and fireplaces in every room.


 

 

perfect for romantic getaways in san antonio

we offer three stunning bed and breakfasts in san antonio in the downtown king william historic district near or on the famous riverwalk. stroll past the historic restored mansions on your way to many of the best san antonio restaurants, shops or galleries. guests can also enjoy a short walk to the alamo and the convention center from our properties. at our san antonio, tx bed and breakfasts, guests will enjoy elegance, luxury and unmatched southern texas hospitality.
each property has a unique charm and guests can escape and indulge in our private and serene rooms. each room has been individually crafted with handpicked antique furnishings, original artwork and luxurious fabrics and wallpapers. join us for the ultimate romantic getaways in san antonio.
breakfast – noble inns offers a continental breakfast option that may be added to your room: individual “in-room” continental breakfast – $8.99 each
continental “in-room” breakfast is individually packaged and will be delivered to the room/house where you are staying in advance, so it is ready for you to enjoy whenever you wish on your chosen day. those attending conventions or business meetings, departing early or sleeping late may prefer this option. it consists of a pastry, fresh fruit, yogurt, fruit juice, and coffee/tea. guests may enjoy having their breakfast in the privacy of their room, or choose to have it on one of our many porches or garden patios. continental breakfast can also be brown-bagged “to-go” style on guest request at least 1 day in advance.
full breakfast – king william/southtown is one of san antonio’s hottest dining areas and we are surrounded by dozens of fine restaurants.  many were badly damaged (or permanently closed) during the pandemic.  we are supporting our area restaurants by providing our guests with a list where they may obtain a delicious full breakfast.  of course one of our top choices is the guenther house, a short stroll from us.
housekeeping – our rooms are professionally cleaned and sanitized before your arrival.  to keep our rates as low as possible, housekeeping during your stay is not included, but a range of services are available and may be added, from a simple towel change to a full linen change and room cleaning, on request from the guest (with required advance notice).
the swimming pool and heated spa at the carriage house are open and available for use by all guests at the oge house and carriage house.  the heated spa-pool at the jackson house is open and available for jackson house guests only.
noble inns of san antonio texas strives to provide an experience that is unique, special, finer … a feast for the senses. for that reason, joining us in our hotel near the riverwalk in san antonio guarantees that guests will go beyond the ordinary… to the extraordinary.
for guests who desire a separate, private space with no need to enter any shared interior space, we have numerous options:

the oge house has a king room (alhambra) and 2 king suites (blenheim and castle howard) that have their own private entrance directly onto the lower veranda (each of these has max occupancy of 3).
carriage house suite 1 (full apartment w/ king bedroom and private bath, kitchen, living, dining area (max occupancy 4). private entrance.
carriage house 2&3 – upstairs (full apartment w/ 2 queen bedrooms, 2 baths, kitchen, living, dining area (max occupancy 6). private entrance.
whole house booking of the jackson house – 6 bedrooms, 6 baths (max occupancy 12). book online from this site !  just click our “check availability” box above and input your dates.  minimum 2-night stay.  property is shown as “jackson house whole house”.
whole house booking of the oge house – there are 2 options: book the main and 3rd floors at a lower rate (7 bedrooms, 7 baths, maximum 14 guests ) or all 3 floors at a higher rate (10 bedrooms, 10 baths,12 separate sleeping rooms, maximum 23 guests).  both options include use of the full kitchen on the main floor.  call for pricing and availability.
note: if the 2 upper floors of the oge house are booked by a group, rooms/suites of the first floor will not have access to these upper floors.  when this occurs, rooms/suites on the first floor will still be supplied with coffee, tea and ice on request.

 

 

 




awards and associations       



   
 


 



home
rooms & rates
specials & packages
directions
policies
gift certificates
 
 
 


 the oge house •
              

209 washington street, 
                san antonio, 
                tx 78204

the jackson house • 
                

107 madison street, 
                san antonio, 
                tx 78204

telephone: 210-223-2353 • 
                reservations: 800-242-2770 • 
                fax: 210-225-4045 • 
                stay@nobleinns.com
be first to get special offers!






email address


bot







 
                © 2025 noble inns • content by don noble
              
web marketing by white stone marketing | photography by jumping rocks | privacy policy
 




reservations






