








equine reflection | equine assisted therapy | healing with horses | gestalt




















































 


skip to content

















 

homeabout chantel & the herdhorses & healingweight & well-beingfeel good tipsstopping the weight obsessionevents & programscontact & locationsreflection blogcall us! (780) 293-4866monthly healing circle




 

facebooklinkedininstagram 















homenatalie2021-05-07t14:16:33-06:00 

horses & healing


weight & well-being


events & programs


contact & locations

equine reflection healing with horses
you a horse and a gestalt coach helping you uncover and rediscover who you really are.
everyday, your eyes show only a small perception of who you really are. horses are truth detectors helping to reflect on your inner qualities and strengths, empowering you to see yourself in a new way: “change your story, change your life”. here, at equine reflection, we offer a variety of equine-assisted individual and group programs to drop self and body judgments giving you the freedom to be truly you. our goal is that you feel your value, see your worth, and know you are good enough. no horse experience necessary only the willingness to learn from one! start your journey today…
×

first name



last name



email address: 




leave this field empty if you're human: 
closesubscribe to our newsletter!click “subscribe” and receive your complimentary copy of chantel’s “healing journey with horses”.
the power of horses
the gift of horses is to help humans heal
horses are highly intuitive beings with an innate ability to sense and even heal your inner pain and core blockages. standing in the presence of a 1200 lb partner, you will be guided to look beyond self doubt, self imposed limitations, and past experiences.
read morebe part of our equine guided events
deep healing workshops and retreats – “good for the soul, good for the body”feel good in your skin, happy in your jeans, and confident in any roomjanuary 9 @ 6:00 pm - february 26 @ 7:00 pmfeel good in your skin, happy in your jeans, and confident in any room transform your relationship with your body, food, and self in just 8 weeks. are you tired of battling with the woman return to self- discover your truthmarch 26, 2023 @ 10:00 am - 3:00 pmwhat does standing in your truth look & feel like? truth feels very different from how fear feels or how uncertainty or doubt, or falsehood feels. in fact, our conscious experience is return to selfseptember 23, 2022 @ 6:30 pm - september 25, 2022 @ 3:00 pmjoin us on an incredible journey back to self    has the stress and worry of everyday life become too much to bear? when was the last time you connected with your soul?  we are excitetruly you deep healing with horses groupseptember 9, 2022 @ 6:30 pm - september 11, 2022 @ 3:00 pmdo you feel you're imprisoned by self-doubt with more questions than answers? is the troll on your shoulder keeping you from stepping into the life you desire and deserve? is your authentidiscover equine reflection programs
equine assisted coaching session are a time to reconnect with yourself and others.
equine reflection offers group, individual and phone sessions to support you on your journey of self-discovery. we create custom designed workshops, individual packages, and luxurious retreats. no matter the path you take, you will have the chance to connect with nature, horses and yourself.
read moreread our reflection blog!
recent stories & horsey insights: together, sharing life lessons







						gallery					







how do you want to feel?in december's newsletter, i asked who do you want to be? my personal answer is happy and healthy. i started journaread more








stopping the weight obsession


						gallery					







stopping the weight obsession how to stop obsessing about weight? being weight obsession is a thought pattern; i created 3 simple steps to stopread more








feel good tips


						gallery					







feel good tips chantel's feel good tips celebrate who you are, not what you think you should be! here are my favorite tips for yread more








fear the fire breathing dragon


						gallery					







fear the fire breathing dragon fear the fire breathing dragon there is nothing that spreads like wildfire more than fear. from one person’s lipsread more

weightless mind, beautiful body
feel good from the inside out – “be brave, be true, be you.”
“looking back at my pictures, i wonder what all the fuss was about. i was beautiful, my body looked good – i wasn’t carrying extra weight. it was my mind that was the problem, not my body. this is the purpose behind my weightless mind program – with or without horses, to bring body confidence and soulful weight loss.”
chantel schmidt, owner & founder of equine reflection, 
certified equine gestalt coach®
read more



 
 





 
 

 
 
 





		© copyright  | all rights reserved equine reflection | photographs & web design: redline design   | call us: (780) 293-4866  |  email us: chantel@equinereflection.com| find us at "the middle of somewhere ranch" in strathcona county, alberta.	


facebooklinkedininstagram
 
 
 
 


 
 



page load link




















go to top




