




 


illinois electronic security association



 





log in


 








illinois electronic security association














home




directory




training




events




leadership




join




members only




licensure




issues














the illinois electronic security association actively engages in consumer and industry advocacy, promotes public safety and fosters positive relationships with police, fire and elected officials at the local, state and national levels.  regular members are business entities licensed by the state of illinois (225 ilcs 447/) as private alarm contractors or private alarm contractor agencies that agree to conduct business in accordance with the association's bylaws, code of ethics and anti-trust policy.  major business activities include installation, service or inspection of burglar alarm, fire alarm, closed circuit tv, access control, alarm monitoring and all other security services.
while the iesa has evolved to represent the modern range of services provided, the first objective of the association remains true:





to promote the mutual interests of the electrical protection industry.






to foster cordial relations among the members.






to use all lawful means as a medium for exchange and dissemination to members and the public, of information applicable to the field of burglar and fire alarms, closed circuit tv, access control systems and all other electronic security services.






to be guided always by a spirit of justice and honor in all business activities and that all members observe the association code of ethics at all times.






through cooperative effort, to engage in or conduct lawful activities which benefit the interests of the electronic security industry.





our history...



 november 1965
organized as a not-for-profit corporation in the state of illinois, the purpose of the chicago area alarm association (caaa) was to promote the mutual objectives and interests of the electrical protection industry.  the original board of directors was comprised of three members:


 


president norval "bud" poulson (also served as president of the national burglar and fire alarm association from 1957 - 1958)




 


secretary/treasurer clarence novak




 


director john poile (also served as nbfaa president from 1965 - 1967) 




 
 


 march 1980
under president robert bonifas, who later served as nbfaa's president from 1986 - 1988, caaa became the illinois burglar and fire alarm association (ibfaa). 


 
 


 august 1992
to more accurately reflect the spectrum of the industry, ibfaa adopted its current name, illinois electronic security association (iesa), under president jerry robinson.


 
 


































home
about
licensure
issues
events
directory
join


member home
associate directory
documents
industry calendar
legislation



contact us
illinois electronic security association555 w. pierce road, suite 180itasca, il 60143
phone:  224-347-9061email: info@iesa.net










 




powered by wild apricot membership software











