



     best german shepherd breeder in the us | mittelwest                 
call us today at (815) 653-1900 


home info about mittelwest & gsds about mittelwest the kennels of mittelwest wonder lake schutzhund club akc breeder of merit our lifetime warranty schutzhund sport explained schutzhund training commands show results of mittelwest schutzhund titles explainedfinding the perfect german shepherd puppies for sale puppy names from a-z long coat german shepherds our dogs the shepherds of mittelwest our breeding females our retired breeding females stud dogs & stud services our retired stud dogs ☞ available puppies! ☜ current available litters trained puppies available dogs mittelwest dogs for sale males for sale females for salediscounted dogsretiring breeding females testimonials testimonials & testaments mittelwest client testimonials mittelwest gsds at work mittelwest gsds love kids just a dog by richard biby every day hero by jill haunold advanced tracking servicesnuvet plusmaxivet contact contact mittelwest contact w.l. schutzhund club

homeinfoabout mittelwest & gsdsabout mittelwestthe kennels of mittelwestwonder lake schutzhund clubakc breeder of meritour lifetime warrantyschutzhund sport explainedschutzhund training commandsshow results of mittelwestschutzhund titles explainedfinding the perfect german shepherd puppies for salepuppy names from a-zlong coat german shepherdsour dogsthe shepherds of mittelwestour breeding femalesour retired breeding femalesstud dogs & stud servicesour retired stud dogs☞ available puppies! ☜current available litterstrained puppiesavailable dogsmittelwest dogs for salemales for salefemales for salediscounted dogsretiring breeding femalestestimonialstestimonials & testamentsmittelwest client testimonialsmittelwest gsds at workmittelwest gsds love kidsjust a dog by richard bibyevery day hero by jill haunoldadvanced trackingservicesnuvet plusmaxivetcontactcontact mittelwestcontact w.l. schutzhund club
  





welcome to mittelwest german shepherds! 
home of the finest
gsds in the world
 

  puppies for salecurrent littersworld class german shepherds breeder(click image or link below to visit our current litters page…& prepare to say “ahhhhh”:-)
click to view our current litters of world class german shepherd puppiesthe champion stud dogs of mittelwest german shepherdschampion studs & stud servicesour gsd breeders offer the finest german shepherd studs & stud services in the world!(click image or link below to visit our studs & stud services page)
click to view the champion studs & stud services of mittelwest german shepherdsthe training & boarding services of mittelwest gsd breederstraining & boarding servicesclub training & private training, boarding, grooming & all around fun for the family at mittelwest!(click image or link below to visit our full services page)
click to view the training & boarding services of mittelwest german shepherdsva bruce von cohinor is now in the united states!click to visit award wining bruce von cohinor pagemittelwest german shepherds love kids!!our shepherds make the best family dogsmittelwest german shepherds absolutely adore children
&
are some of the most amazing family dogs you could own!(click image or link below to read more about why our dogs make such amazing family pets)
click to read more about why mittelwest gsds make the perfect family dognew cdc dog import permit: bringing your dog home to the u.sstarting august 1, 2024, the new requirements for the cdc dog import permit take effect. these changes aim to boost public and animal health by tightening dog import regulations. dog owners and breeders must learn these new rules to avoid any legal or logistical mess.read more about the cdc dog import permit updatesfrequently asked questions1. what distinguishes mittelwest german shepherds from other breeders?mittelwest german shepherds has been recognized as the #1 kennel in north america for german-bred german shepherds by the german sv for 13 consecutive years. we are committed to breeding german shepherd puppies that are beautiful, intelligent, and healthy.2. what health guarantees do you provide for your puppies?we are proud to announce that we as the best german shepherd breeders offer a lifetime warranty. our goal is to develop the healthiest, strongest, and longest-living german shepherds, thus we focus on breeding this kind of puppy. let us know if there is anything you aren’t satisfied with as we would strive to make it better.3. can i visit your facility to see the puppies & meet their parents?absolutely – and we actually encourage it! there’s nothing quite like meeting our amazing dogs in person at our wonder lake, illinois facility. you’ll get to see firsthand how we raise our puppies, meet their parents, and experience the mittelwest difference yourself. simply reach out to schedule your visit, and we’ll be happy to show you around our kennels and introduce you to our extended german shepherd family.4. do you offer training services for your german shepherds?we provide the full spectrum of gsd training services through our wonder lake schutzhund club. we offer the full spectrum of training services: club training sessions for group learning, private one-on-one training for focused attention, professional boarding when you need it, expert grooming services, and family-oriented activities that make training fun for everyone. whether you’re new to german shepherds or an experienced owner, we’ve got the perfect training program for you.5. are your german shepherds suitable for families with children?this is one of our favorite questions to answer! our german shepherds are absolutely wonderful with children – in fact, this is one of the main points of our breeding program. we are determined to breed only the dogs with the sweetest temperaments because we are looking for the best companions for the families. the stories we often hear from our clients about their mittelwest shepherds forming incredible bonds with their children never cease to warm our hearts. these aren’t just dogs for the families; we create and breed loving and protective family members.6. what is the process for purchasing a puppy from mittelwest?we’ve made the process straightforward and transparent. start by browsing our current available litters on our website. once you’ve selected a puppy, please contact us to discuss the next steps, including deposits, contracts, and pickup or delivery arrangements.7. do you provide support after the puppy is taken home?when you get a mittelwest puppy, you’re joining our family! we provide ongoing support that includes expert guidance on training techniques, nutrition recommendations, healthcare advice, and general care tips. have a question at 2 am? check our comprehensive resources. need specific advice? we’re just a phone call away. your success with your new family member is our success.8. are your german shepherds registered with recognized kennel clubs?absolutely! we take pride in being recognized as an akc breeder of merit, and all our german shepherds come with full registration.9. how do you prepare your puppies for their new homes?we believe in ensuring that our puppies have the best possible start in life. our dedicated socialization program ensures that each puppy is familiarized with people of all ages, as well as a variety of household noises and animals, and has the opportunity to explore different environments. 10. what's the best way to contact mittelwest german shepherds?you can reach us at (815) 240-9522, or visit us at 8310 howe rd., wonder lake, il 60097. for your convenience, you can also fill out the contact form on our website. our team is always ready to answer your questions and help you find your perfect german shepherd companion.warrantymittelwest german shepherds proudly offers a lifetime warranty on all german shepherd puppies for sale.we strive to breed the healthiest, strongest and longest living german shepherds on the planet. if you’re not happy for any reason we want to know about it! please visit the link below for more information on our completely “worry free” warranty policy.as one of the top german shepherd breeders, your satisfaction matters!click to view our exceptional warranty policyschutzhund training at mittelwest(click image or link below to visit wonder lake schutzhund club)click to read about wonder lake shutzhund club    our show resultsclick to learn moremittelwest across the web like us on facebook our videos on youtube review us on google + our tweets on twitter follow us on instagramwonder lake schutzhund clubclick to learn moreakc breeder of meritclick to learn morehome | contact us | terms of use | privacy policymittelwest german shepherds8310 howe rd.wonder lake, il 60097
(815) 653-1900
copyright  ©  mittelwest german shepherds. all rights reserved.
website designed by almost illegal adscontact us today×contact us todaycall mittelwest german shepherds at
(815) 653-1900email mittelwest german shepherds











want to send us a pic of your gsd?click the button below, select your image or zip file and attach it to this message!
accepted file types: .gif, .png, .jpg, .jpeg & .zipmax file size: 2 mb22869
             
 




