







home | edmonds college





























 



 







		
		feb 10. campus is open. see details.


skip to main content



close menu



open menu














						new? start here
						







close








become a student.take the next step.


1apply for admission
2participate in advising and orientation
3apply for financial aid
4register for classes





apply or request info







									it's never too late to apply for financial aid. we process applications year round.
								



visit the virtual welcome center
schedule a campus tour
talk with an advisor
learn how to pay for college

international students, start here!





programs & degrees
admission & tuition
student services
campus life
about edmonds



search






search 























quick links







close



hello! how can we help?

tech support
enrollment assistance
registering for classes
math & writing assistance
student resource hub
24/7 librarian live chat
safety or security issue
triton id & student accounts

something else? contact us.










						calendar
					





						
						class schedule
					






						apply
					






						give
					








					international programs
				






						english
						







spanish
russian
ukrainian
vietnamese
korean
arabic
chinese (simplified)
chinese (traditional)
persian
french
arabic
amharic
japanese











						covid updates
					

















 



edmonds empowers our students & community

whether you want to earn a technical degree to enter the workforce, transfer to a
                        four-year university or open a new chapter in your life, you can invent – or reinvent
                        – your future at edmonds college. located on a 50-acre campus north of seattle, edmonds
                        college will empower you with the skills, support and confidence for success.

why edmonds? explore your options talk with an advisor




carousel items




tech support

connect with the it help center, find a computer lab, & more.

get help



triton student resource hub

our resource hub houses the food pantry, emergency funding, & more.

more details



learning support

get free, personalized assistance with math, writing, and other subjects.

more details



on-campus child care

whether you're taking classes in person or online, your child can attend the center
                                    for families.

learn more & enroll



counseling

we are here to help you with your personal and career counseling.

make appointment



campus housing

living on campus provides students with many unique opportunities

more details



 show previous items   show next items 
 

1
2
3






what's happening









		winter art exhibition at edmonds college features the work of brenno kenji and quinn mcnichol
the winter art exhibition at edmonds college will feature the diverse works of brenno kenji and quinn mcnichol, two faculty members of the college’s art department. their show, “(in)sights: the eye sees the i,” will run from jan. 31-mar. 21 at the edmonds college art gallery....





		why choose edmonds college?
at edmonds college, we offer a welcoming and supportive environment for our students to thrive. we have a wide range of programs and supports and services to help our community achieve their goals....


select * from news_article_grouped where site = 'www' and publish_date <= now()  and published = 'y' and ( expire_date is null or expire_date > now() )  
	order by article_featured desc, publish_date desc, news_article_id desc limit 2
more news
 show previous items   show next items 
 

1
2





full calendar









belonging at edmonds
we celebrate and honor the individuality and diversity of our students and colleagues,
                           our college and community. whatever your reasons for coming to edmonds, you don’t
                           have to fit a mold to take advantage of everything we offer.

 


learn more about our approach to equity and inclusion. you belong at edmonds. 






apply for admission




tuition & fees




financial aid & scholarships




dates & deadlines









land acknowledgement
we acknowledge the coast salish tribes, bands and first nations people including the
                        snohomish, duwamish, tulalip, suquamish, snoqualmie and many others and their successors,
                        as the original inhabitants of the land where edmonds college sits and where the diverse
                        communities we serve live, study, and work. since time immemorial, the coast salish
                        peoples have hunted, fished, gathered, and taken care of these lands. we respect their
                        sovereignty, their right to self-determination, and honor their sacred spiritual connection
                        with the land and water. we will strive to be honest about our past mistakes and bring
                        about a future of inclusive indigenous partnerships that includes their families,
                        stories, and voices to form a more just and equitable society.
this acknowledgment only becomes meaningful when combined with accountable relationships
                        and informed actions that support student success and community engagement. this is
                        a first step in acknowledging our history, honoring this land, and sustaining our
                        ongoing relations with indigenous peoples.




top












































						triton athletics
					




edmonds foundation
equity, inclusion & belonging
workforce development
safety & security

job opportunities
employee website




edmonds college
					20000 68th ave. w
					lynnwood, wa 98036
				





						locations & hours
						




						contact us
						




						a-z index
						




© 2024 copyright edmonds college
|
privacy policy
|
nondiscrimination information

|
student right to know
|
annual security and fire report
|
title ix





 
© 2025 copyright edmonds college

