





lotus blossom wellness – my wordpress blog






















		skip to content













					lotus blossom wellness
				

 





about moksha
class schedule
main
contact moksha
links
services & fees
training and classes
reiki
polarity therapy
what my clients say
somatic developmental trauma healing
 





 










					lotus blossom wellness
				

 







main menu

 









about mokshaclass schedulecontact mokshalinksmainpolarity therapyreikiservices & feessomatic developmental trauma healingtraining and classeswhat my clients say 









about moksha  

moksha sharon kolman, ba, bcpp, reiki master, lmbt (nc#204), ordained interfaith minister
lotus blossom wellness is managed and directed by moksha sharon kolman. moksha is an n.c. licensed massage and bodywork therapist (#204), board certified polarity therapy practitioner, polarity therapy educator, somatic clearing practitioner, traditional usui reiki master and an ordained interfaith minister in the sufi ruhaniat order.moksha is a certified transforming touch® & transforming intentional touch® practitioner, specifically addressing trauma.

moksha has trained extensively in body-mind centering, craniosacral therapy, acupressure, herbal medicine, music, sound healing, psychic      and spiritual healing and reevaluation counselling.
moksha is respectful and supportive and provides deep loving presence for her clients. sessions are tailored to each person’s needs in the moment and offer the possibility of profound healing. moksha has been practicing and teaching natural healing since 1984. she offers apprenticeships and classes, and has served as a polarity therapy instructor for six different massage and healing schools. she holds a teaching certificate from the state of north carolina.
sharon d. kolman is approved by the national certification board for therapeutic massage and bodywork (ncbtmb) as a continuing education provider.
mokshakolman@gmail.com919-384-5406
moksha practices and teaches in chapel hill, durham, asheville and haywood county, nc






 









copyright © 2025 lotus blossom wellness | powered by astra wordpress theme
 













