 motivational time management speaker to increase your profit! keynotes  
    
skip to content


menu
seminars/keynotesconsultingcoaching / consultingproductivity rechargeaboutit’s all about you, actuallyabout heleneinformal biohometestimonialsmediatips & blogbooks & toolscontact


menu
seminars/keynotesconsultingcoaching / consultingproductivity rechargeaboutit’s all about you, actuallyabout heleneinformal biohometestimonialsmediatips & blogbooks & toolscontact
time management speaker and productivity facilitator


time management and productivity:
plug time leaks, improve efficiency and increase profits!

ready to gain back time?





ready to kick your productivity into gear?


onsite and virtual options


books, e-books, online videos


onsite and virtual options
what are your company's time leaks?
and how much are they costing you?interruptions.distractions.unproductive meetings.email overload.these are time leaks - leaks that cost $10,000 per employee each year!and that's with time leaks of only one hour per day.if you want maximum results from the efforts you put in throughout the work day, it's time to make that productivity transformation happen!





"helene helped me to identify exactly how much available time i have in a given work day. helene used a variety of media, she kept the audience moving. i would highly recommend helene for future events."- grace pizzey, vp finance, holaday parks / president, cfma puget sound, seattle, wa"i will definitely bring helene back. she walks around and stops at the tables to get them to apply her strategies, adds humor, enjoys answering questions from attendees after the day is done, and really works hard all day to make sure all of the attendees are very happy they came."- evangelia zouras, chairman, new jersey and new york, the institute for management studies"i felt the same way that your client did in your story! i didn’t have time to think about time management. i loved your presentation. brought attention to major deficits with my daily schedule. clear, precise strategies that are easily implemented into anyone’s schedule."- laurie broesche, owner, nexmov, llc, boerne, tx"helene’s simple tools provided guidance on how to run effective business meetings. this alone will save me hours every day!"- jill wineman, general manager, scotts bluff country club, scottsbluff, ne
meet your time management fixer, helene segura!as the inefficiency assassin™, productivity expert and motivational time management speaker helene segura empowers busy professionals with the tools to slay lost time. personal inefficiency at work leads to increased stress levels, lower morale, higher absenteeism, more turnover – and rising spending on employee health care and hiring. why not improve productivity, decrease stress levels, and increase profits instead?




contact me today to discuss your needs!






"your superpower, i think, revolves around 'economy'. your ability to guide people to their best economy -- time, words, obligations, finances -- through your ideas for organization in these (and related) areas.you illustrate the principles you teach with relatable stories.you have a way with helping people maximize their time, talent, and treasure."- jan king, entrepreneur
get your complimentary productivity
kick-starter kit!
time-saving tools and tips you can use immediately! 





seminars/keynotesconsultingcoaching / consultingproductivity rechargeaboutit’s all about you, actuallyabout heleneinformal biohometestimonialsmediatips & blogbooks & toolscontactlet's connect!210-892-4990    office@helenesegura.com1140 s. laredo st.
suite 830852
san antonio, tx 78283




















































view our privacy policy here.© 2009 - present by helene segura. all rights reserved. lo organizers san antonio, llc dba livingordersa       



