








luxury hot tubs & swim spas | arctic spas

























































































hot tubs engineered for the world’s harshest climates



request pricing















home
hot tubs
all-weather pools
features
spa boy®
showrooms
shop
specials
contact





















 














hot tubs and all-weather pools
you deserve it.













hot tubs and all-weather pools
you deserve it.









find out about spa boy!



automatedsaltwater care

cutting edge water maintenanceexclusive to arctic spas








build your arctic spa
explore our models.

get started







about the
arctic spas® series
engineered for the world’s harshest climates



driven by connection, designed with innovation
we believe life is for living, now. with this idea in mind, we create unique features to keep your hot tubbing experience easy and maintainable.
supported by innovative engineering, ground-breaking technology, and a passion for growth, we make sure to deliver our best each and every time.





custom series
highly adaptable to fit your every need



classic series
featuring innovation in every model



core series
the standard of our excellence



all-weather pools
combining fitness, fun, and relaxation







our most loved models
discover excellence that stands apart



series favorites, for a good reason
explore our select range of top models, popular with clients, couples, and families around the world.











summit
our most versatile and beloved family spa with seating for 7
learn more about the summitrequest pricing for the summit






yukon
unique shuttle seating and space for 6 means there is something for everyone
learn more about the yukonrequest pricing for the yukon






mckinley
an expansive capacity of 7 offers all-around connection capabilities
learn more about the mckinleyrequest pricing for the mckinley






totem
diverse, switch-seating creates the perfect environment for up to 7 people
learn more about the totemrequest pricing for the totem






cub
with capacity for 5 and a reclined lounger, comfort and entertainment awaits
learn more about the cubrequest pricing for the cub






kodiak
with seating for 6, this tub delivers power and relaxation in every seat
learn more about the kodiakrequest pricing for the kodiak












how we stand apart





shortening water care from 30 minutes to 30 seconds
remotely monitor and help maintain your spa with spa boy®



long-lasting durability, always warm to the touch
strength meets comfort with our self-supporting, heat-harnessing, composite shell





energy efficient to help save you money
our freeheat™ design traps internal warmth from your hot tub, lowering energy consumption and keeping your spa free of frost



simple and easy spa maintenance
effortlessly reach all internal components through total access’ removable cabinet doors





say goodbye to site set-up
forever floor™ removes the need for a concrete pad, leveling ground and keeping unwanted pests out



sds hydrotherapy. it’s so good, it’s super-duper
our custom sds seat supplies one-of-a-kind power, offering a therapeutic massage every time





view all our amazing hot tub & all-weather pools features







the arctic spas® difference

find out more







people love arctic spas®









⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ 5 star review

susan h
edmonton, ab
the service from the time you walk in the door to delivery and after service has been outstanding!
jennifer page our sales lady has been phenomenal and fast answering any concerns she is super knowledgable about all the products and features and made it an easy decision to buy arctic spa!
read susan's review




⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ 5 star review

bob r
edmonton, ab
top shelf company with excellent aftercare service. the pricing for their hot tubs is higher than most other manufacturers for a reason. the quality that goes into the manufacturing, materials used and cutting edge smart technology, is well worth the premium paid. this is our second arctic spa tub. the first tub is now 12 years old and even though it has taken a few updating of wearable parts the cedar enclosure (sanded and restrained), the forger plastic base structure of the unit, internal insulation, piping and the spa body hot tub resin.looks like brand new. built to last!
read bob's review




⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ - 5 star review

karey l
burlington, on
we did our research and visited hot tub retailers in burlington, mississauga, oakville and hamilton before choosing arctic spas in burlington.
this is a canadian made product, and we chose the spa with the bc red cedar surround which is stunning!
read karey's review




⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ - 5 star review

eric g
kamloops, bc
first of all, i think these hot tubs are without peer, so you’re buying a great hot tub, particularly for the cold, unforgiving weather of central british columbia. i bought a tub in may but due entirely to issues at my end i didn’t take delivery until today, july 21.delivery and setup was by two fine young men, adam and frankie. these fellows were very professional, yet equally personable. they went out of their way to ensure things were done right and to my satisfaction.i recommend arctic spas, and specifically arctic spas kamloops, without reservation.
read eric's review




⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ - 5 star review

brooke b
spokane valley, wa
we recently purchased the kodiak arctic spa. our sales rep, eden kept us informed on the status of our spa and has been a great resource after the sale. the lounger is extremely comfortable and i find it easy to maintain a relaxed position without worrying about floating out of the seat. the spa boy app makes maintaining the correct chemistry a breeze. we couldn’t be happier with our new arctic spa!
read brooke's review




⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ - 5 star review

chuck s
colorado springs, co
i’ve owned my arctic spa hot tub since 2001. because of the way arctic designs and insulates their hot tubs, the tub hardly runs in sub zero weather. i’ve replaced the entire cover once and the cover “skin” twice in 22 years. owning our arctic spa just got even better! working with wanda shepard yesterday i was able to solve an issue with the cover’s “skin”. wanda’s customer service was awesome! her customer service is hands down the best of any business in colorado! we made a great choice 22 years ago when we purchased our arctic spa hot tub.
read chuck's review




⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ - 5 star review

diana p
dillon, co
we purchased our artic spa from heavenly times over 10 years ago. buying this hot tub has been one of the best purchases we have made. my husband and i still use it 3 to 4 times a week. in this unpredictable world we live in, it is so nice to have the reassurance that every time we open the lid to our hot tub, the water will be hot, and we can just relax for at least 20 min.we have been extremely pleased with the spa itself, as well as with the service we have received.
read diana's review




⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ - 5 star review

kate e
 dartmouth, ns
we have had our tub for over 8 years, including one move across the province. robin and his staff have always been incredible to deal with, and provide top notch service. live the good life and order your arctic spa today.👌
read kate's review




⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ - 5 star review

matthew k
salt lake city, ut
i’ve owned an arctic spa before, and when the time came to get another recently, it was the only spa company i investigated. i have had such great service, from sales to service to everything else imaginable. they treat their customers with respect and consideration, making it easy to love your hot tub and they company you work with in keeping it running perfectly. best tubs, best delivery folks, best technicians, best company in this realm. hands down!
read matthew's review




⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ - 5 star review

rosanna p
whitby, on
we did a lot of research on hot tubs and artic hot tubs is by far the best quality hot tub you can buy. made in canada and it shows! they are well made, beautifully designed and supported by some of the best sales and service individuals i have ever met. they are truly a team and they have been right by our side during this entire process of being first time hot tub owners. we have the spaboy salt water system and we love it! very easy to use and so great on our skin!
read rosanna's review










interested in financing?
just ask.
we believe extravagant comfort should always be accessible.
speak to a representative today.

find out more



still have a questions?
we are happy to help.
we are here for every step of the process.
contact a dealer now.

contact us







top 5 faq’s


1. how much do your hot tubs and all-weather pools cost?
we pride ourselves on offering incomparable customization for your spa, allowing you to build your ideal relaxation environment! because of this versatility, we are unable to pinpoint a standard price for all of our models. please visit your local dealer for specific pricing information. 

2. i don’t have a lot of room in my backyard, do you have a spa that will fit my space?
yes! we offer a range of capacities and sizes in our hot tub lineup. from 1-2 person models, all the way up to 8+ occupant spas, we have something for everyone. 

3. is the water in an arctic spa difficult to maintain?
with arctic spas’ exclusive water maintenance tool, spa boy®, owning a hot tub has never been simpler! easily maintain your ideal water conditions with spa boy’s automated balancing capabilities, transforming your hot tub care routine from 30 minutes to 30 seconds. 

4. will my power bill surge in colder months?
not only does an arctic spa consume less energy than other hot tub models, we also utilize innovative technology in our freeheat™ design to prevent your bills from shooting up as the temperature outside drops.

5. can i add features to my spa after i buy it?
nearly all of our spas are completely customizable before or after purchase. visit your local dealer to see which features can elevate your spa experience!








why we excel

arctic spas® vs. our competitors



learn more



 








forced labour in canadian supply chains – report – click here











become a part of the arctic spas® family with our dealership opportunity.



more information 











arctic spas® crafts hot tubs and all-weather pools that offer more than just relaxation. we combine innovation and extravagance to create spaces that foster physical and mental wellness, offering a piece of luxury meant for everyday enjoyment.

read more about arctic spas®





certificate
no. u8 056165 0071 rev. 04

certificate
no. z1us 056165 0070 rev. 04






products


hot tubs
all-weather pools
arctic spas difference
hot tub features
special offers
accessories
hot tub photos
arctic spas gallery
hot tub covers
upgrades




support


choose your location
showroom locations
myarcticspas login
software
iphone app
android app
accesibility




reference


research
hot tub stores
hot tub brochure
arctic spas manual
hot tub how to
hot tub faq’s
hot tub high school
hot tub sizes
hot tubs for sale
technical specifications
trade in value
compare hot tubs




company info


about us
research
become a dealer
privacy policy
customer support
arctic spas supports
careers
contact us










copyright ©2025 - blue falls manufacturing | all rights reserved







facebook



twitter



vimeo



youtube



linkedin



instagram





 



































































