












catholic archdiocese of anchorage - resource information, links, and forms





















 



 archdiocese of anchorage the archdiocese of anchorage is one of 170 dioceses (or geographic areas of responsibility) of the catholic church in the united states. the archdiocese of anchorage was established on february 9, 1966. its 138,985 square miles encompasses the third judicial district of alaska, known as southcentral alaska, an area larger than combining many states in the lower 48. the largest population base of the archdiocese, and all of alaska, is in anchorage, located at the head of cook inlet, the northernmost point of the pacific ocean. our mission: the catholic archdiocese of anchorage is a people of many cultures, called by the love of christ to proclaim the gospel, celebrate the sacraments, and give witness through joyful lives of prayer and service. we’ve created a database of legal pdf forms for everyone who needs legal help. you are free to use them to prepare the relevant documentation. internal revenue service (irs) pdf forms the internal revenue service (irs) is a government agency that administers tax laws in the united states. the irs forms are designed for all taxpayers to handle their tax matters efficiently and on time. for example, irs form 8965 allows you to claim a health coverage exemption on your return, and an insolvency worksheet will come in handy if you need to prove the debt cancellations to the irs.  irs 8949 instructions form irs 990 n irs form 1040a irs form 14242 irs form 4421 irs form 4549 irs form 4598 instructions irs form 4681 irs form 56 irs form 656 irs form 8850 irs form 8965 irs form 940 schedule a irs gov ptin renewal irs insolvency form irs schedule c ez  florida department of highway safety and motor vehicles (hsmv) pdf forms the florida department of highway safety and motor vehicles (hsmv) ensures safety on the florida roads and provides various services for drivers. it also provides the forms that can help a person apply for a vehicle title, request an eligibility review, or reassign their vehicle’s title. individuals with disabilities can use the hsmv 83039 form to apply for a disabled person parking permit.  hsmv 61518 form hsmv 72034 form hsmv 78306 form hsmv 82994 form hsmv 83039 form hsmv 83091 form hsmv 83146 form hsmv 86056 form hsmv 86720 form  department of housing and urban development (hud) pdf forms the department of housing and urban development (hud) is a federal agency that promotes homeownership and the housing market. it offers a variety of housing and community development services and provides different forms related to these services. here, you will find such essential documentation as rent schedule form and applicant disclosure report, as well as an addendum to a uniform residential loan application.  hud 92900 a form hud 9886 form hud 9887 a form hud form 2880 hud form 92458  us citizenship and immigration services (uscis) pdf forms the united states citizenship and immigration services (uscis) is a federal organization tasked with safeguarding the homeland and country’s integrity against illegal immigration. immigrant visas, citizenship, and refugee applications are all handled by the agency. using the uscis forms, you can file a petition to remove conditions on residence or apply for employment authorization in the united states.  i 20 form i 751 form i 765 form i 765ws form i 783 form i 797a form i 821d i 94 blank  hvac pdf forms hvac (heating, ventilation, and air conditioning) forms help keep track of expenditures incurred when heating, ventilation, and air conditioning machines are repaired. one of the most widely-used forms is the hvac inspection checklist allowing an individual to get the hvac system efficiently audited. hvac forms can also be used to create an invoice, a repair order, or a report. your company’s name, contact information, and logo are included on all hvac forms.  hvac air balance report form hvac inspection checklist hvac job application  kaiser pdf forms kaiser permanente is a us company providing health care services. the company has its forms for their patients to receive high-quality medical treatment and care in time without wasting too much time on the paperwork. using the company forms, the patients can fill out a health care directive to arrange their end-of-life treatment or submit a claim for emergency medical services.  kaiser directive kaiser health care directive kaiser mfap kaiser permanente form kaiser records request kaiser senior enrollment form  illinois state pdf forms many legal documents are state-specific. that’s why you must check your state and local regulations before creating and submitting any documentation. this section is devoted to illinois and includes tax, vehicle, employment, and medical forms. you are recommended to use these forms to change the address, file your income tax, or record any of your transactions in illinois.  il 444 2790 self employment record il 505 0675 form il w 9 il watercraft il444 2378 b form illinois appointment short term guardian illinois calculating support illinois circuit breaker illinois crt 61 form illinois dnr form illinois drivers license illinois first report form 45 illinois form llc 45 5 illinois form ui 28 illinois form vacate illinois income verification illinois perc card illinois petition to modify illinois pre participation physical form illinois realtor contract printable illinois rut 25 x illinois school transfer form illinois statement of change illinois turkey permit application online illinois vsd 190 form illinois waiver illinois waiver of lien itr 1 form illinois  indiana state pdf forms if you live in indiana, you may be interested in these documents. they are specifically designed to apply for a health care insurance plan, report a worker’s injury, or create a registered retail merchant certificate. you will also find an oversized/overweight transporting company agreement, and university plagiarism test answers, among other documents.  indiana form 53421 indiana m203 form indiana retail merchant certificate indiana state form 34401 indiana university plagiarism test answers  other state-specific pdf forms if you are looking for other state-specific documents, you should check this section. here, we’ve gathered all the essential documentation that may come in handy in different states. you may use the business registration template if you want to set your business. there is also a form for parents who want to homeschool their children—an intent to homeschool form. there are forms and templates for different occasions.  idaho business registration form ifta 21 form ifta mileage log sheet individual service plan wisconsin intent to homeschool form florida iowa seller disclosure form irp registration oklahoma isbe form 73 03c it 2 form it 203d itd 3171 form jdf 1000 jdf 1101 form jdf 1113 jdf 205 form jud 100 form judgement absolute divorce nc judicial council form ca  houston city pdf forms you may need to use state-specific documents and forms provided by city authorities. for example, in this section, we focus on houston, texas. they can be used to request the transcript, check the lottery number status, or apply for a burglar alarm. if you live in houston, do not hesitate to look through these templates and choose those that may suit your needs.  houston fast foods inc w2 popeyes houston housing lottery houston transcript request form  pdf application forms use the following application forms to apply for the desired position or at university. we’ve collected various job applications from jimmy john, jamba juice, jiffy lube, and howard industries. application forms can be helpful not only for employment or education purposes. it’s necessary to use them when you plan to obtain a passport, citizenship, or insurance.  hot topic application hot topic form application how to fill out bank application howard industries application howard university application form ibc bank job application imm 1344 application independent contractor application jamaican passport application form jamba juice job application jeans warehouse application pdf jiffy lube job application jimmy john job application job application round table pizza jps connection application  pdf verification forms verification forms are used when a person needs to prove or confirm something, for example, identity, residency, or employment income. you can also use a verification form to verify a person’s health care or vehicle insurance, wage, or even pregnancy. as a rule, such forms are required to be notarized to be legitimate.  ibm employment verification identity verification form jps health network verification  other pdf forms we have to face different paperwork in our lives that requires special knowledge. however, having a quality legal template can ease the task of preparing the necessary documentation. that’s why we have prepared these documents for you. you are free to select and fill out the ones suiting your needs. for example, take advantage of a hot work permit template if your job is connected with hazardous construction operations, including cutting, welding, grinding, and sawing.  hot work license nyc hot work permit how to apply for overhaulin tv show hr block form ira hs 215a form hsbc bank deposit slip hsbc telegraphic transfer slip humana dental form humana order form humble alarm permit hyundai finance odometer statement hyundai reimbursement mpg iaa fsa hra claim form icar post test answers icd 072 form ice form 78 3527 icf checklist icici bank letterhead format icici pay direct card ics 201 form ics 207 cg form ics 214 unit log icu flowsheet icwa 020 form idol personal release form ifr navigation log form ifta 101mn form ihss direct deposit ilwu casual lottery imbra form imm 1017 imm 1294 form imm 1295 form imm 5562 form imm 5645 imm5707 immunization record form in school deferment request incident report form income based repayment income ledger income withholding form independent associate agreement independent review form indiabulls ventures account closure form indian bank account opening form indian overseas bank indian passport renewal form individual pca form individual scout record individual service plan sample individualized service plan form inf 1125 form informal probate ing beneficiary inova health screening institutional medicaid provider instruction log example insurance policy declaration page insurance quote form integrated brand promotion intelligent home insurance certificate intent home study inter district transfer request interim change report form interstate adsap instruction letter inventory sheet template inventory tax form 50 246 invisalign patient transfer form invoice template massage therapy ionic bonds worksheet answers iou template ira beneficiary disclaimer form ira form withholding iris worker timesheet irrevocable documentary credit form is 100 answers form itemized bid sheet itemized deductions checklist itil templates form jack box scholarship jackson county courthouse restraining order jackson national insurance form jamaica life certificate jd cl 12 form jean keating workshop jetblue minor form jfs football form jimmy johns group form jj form jk bank customer relationship form job hazard analysis form joint template check jpay mailing address form jpay money order deposit form jsrcc form 11 0009 judicial subpoena jv 180 form k electric new connection  geography and demographic factors anchorage is alaska’s largest city and sits at the base of the chugach mountains along the coast of cook inlet in the south-central part of the state. named an all-america city in 2002, anchorage is about the size of the state of delaware and is home to 42 percent of alaska’s population. the population of the archdiocese of anchorage is approximately 400,000, which accounts for nearly two-thirds of the population of the entire state of alaska. the general population of anchorage is approximately 250,000. there are eight parishes in the anchorage urban area. the other 13 parishes and missions are in the more rural parts of the archdiocese. many are accessible only by airplane or boat since the road system in alaska is very limited. the estimated catholic population in the archdiocese is 32,170, only 8% of the overall population. over 11,000 registered families in our parishes and missions, and another estimated 2,500 families periodically attend but are not registered. the largest parish, st. elizabeth ann seton, located in south anchorage, has approximately 1,500 families. many of the smaller missions in the rural areas of the archdiocese have less than 20 families. most parishes ranging in size from 60 to 900 families. the climate in southcentral alaska is severe. while the summer months are pleasant, the nine months between september and may are cold, dark, and dangerous for travel. an extreme example is a fact that for many days each winter, air travel to st. christopher by the sea mission in unalaska, on the aleutian chain, at the cost of over $1,000 roundtrip and approximately a three-hour flight from anchorage, is impossible because of wind, fog, or snow. it is not uncommon for those who travel there to be stuck on the ground for days at a time. yet another example of the harsh climate is the drive from anchorage to holy family parish in glennallen. this trip can only be made by a five-hour drive on a two-lane road through numerous mountain passes or by private aircraft since there is no scheduled air service to the community. in short, outside of anchorage, the archdiocese encompasses a vast, geographically challenging area with severe climate conditions and major cost barriers to effective ministry. without the assistance of groups such as the committee on the home missions, this ministry would be even more difficult. history of the archdiocese begun in 1966, by then-archbishop joseph ryan, with a census of anchorage and throughout knik arm, the archdiocese of anchorage was established for the some 38,000 baptized catholics in the area from valdez to mt. mckinley from big lake to dutch harbor. an area twice the size of the state of washington covers about one-third of the entire state of alaska. under the guidance of archbishop roger schwietz, the archdiocese is proud to celebrate the dedication and ethnic diversity of its members as we approach our golden jubilee in 2016, with catholics of many nationalities attending one of the 29 parishes and missionary parishes in the archdiocese. history timeline 1966 archdiocese of anchorage established fr. joseph ryan consecrated a bishop bishop ryan installed as archbishop and holy family church becomes a cathedral 1970 fr. francis hurley ordained a bishop eskimo deacon program inaugurated in bethel 1971 holy spirit center was established 1976 bishop hurley appointed archbishop of anchorage 1981 pope john paul ii visits anchorage 1991 nativity of jesus parish in magadan, russia was founded 1999 catholic anchor began publication 2001 roger schwietz, o.m.i. was installed as archbishop of anchorage 50th anniversary celebration the catholic archdiocese of anchorage marked its 50th anniversary, february 9, 2016. the diocese, which includes 29 parishes, was officially established on february 9, 1966. catholic missionaries in alaska date back to the 18th century, and today’s archdiocese, which encompasses over 350,000 square miles covering from the aleutian islands chain to the bering sea to cordova and valdez. what does it mean to be catholic today? the ancient story in john’s gospel of the samaritan woman who encounters jesus at the well resonates with catholics after two millennia. the woman was there to quench her thirst at the village’s water source. yet she came alone, apart from other women of the village. in their encounter, jesus saw in her a greater thirst than for mere water: he saw her need for living water, her need for community, her need to understand her vulnerability, and her need to be understood. our own needs, and the needs of the world, are much like those of the samaritan woman. we come desiring an encounter with jesus. we come with a thirst for living water. as catholics, united by the gospel and with a common faith and tradition, immersed in the sacramental waters of baptism and the sacramental nature of the church, we stand with others meeting christ, forming community, seeking to understand and to be understood. inspired by this encounter with jesus, we go forth to tell the world whom we have met. pope francis, in quoting psalm 96:1, “sing the lord a new song,” asked, “what is this new song? it does not consist of words. it is not a melody, it is the song of your life, it is allowing our life to be identified with that of jesus, it is sharing his sentiments, thoughts, and actions. and the life of jesus is a life for others. it is a life of service.” to be a catholic in the 21st century is to sing the song of our life as we encounter christ in the church and the world. it is to embrace the world’s poverty and struggles and to delight in the world’s beauty and goodness. to be a catholic is to find ourselves centered in christ and enter the world ready to meet christ in others and share christ with others in a life of service. to be catholic is to be called into the friendship and struggle of the community. the church is our home, where we find living water, and from whence we bring living water to others. it is a daunting and exciting challenge, an all-encompassing commitment, and a life-changing encounter to sing the song of our lives as catholics. office of stewardship & development as catholics, we are encouraged to share what we have with others, respect our neighbors as ourselves, and assist those less fortunate. we typically respond to this request and proceed to go about our daily lives until the subsequent request is heard. most individuals do not realize that by sharing of ourselves and helping those around us, we are, in essence, practicing christian stewardship. in fact, “stewardship” reaches far beyond financial contributions and encourages catholics to live their lives as disciples of jesus. equipped with this knowledge, we have the power to change how we understand and live out our lives, beginning a life-long process of sharing our gifts of time, talent, and treasure out of gratitude, not out of obligation. living our baptismal promises becomes the motivational force behind our actions. other catholic resources check the following catholic resources to find out more about the archdiocese:  alaska catholic conference of bishops (accb) alaska catholic youth conference (acyc) archangel attic thrift store bishop’s attic catholic campaign for human development (cchd) catholic daughters of the americas catholic relief services catholic social services covenant house alaska holy spirit center knights of columbus, alaska council seas college-aged young adult community society of st. vincent de paul st. benedict young adults st. nicholas of myra byzantine catholic church st. patrick’s young adults st. paul’s corner teens encounter christ theology and brew united states conference of catholic bishops (usccb) world youth day (wyd) 
