

pda cortex: the largest selection of medical & nursing pda software 












































































































 












 
a note to our readers:
pdacortex has not been updated since 2005 
moreover we can not foresee a time in the near future when it will be again.
we leave the web site up and running at the request of, and as a courtesy to, our readers.
thank you for your wonderful support over the years.
the publishing team of pdacortex 
 
mobile computing is the next technology frontier 
                      for healthcare providers. data capture and retrieval using 
                      a pda by physicians, nurses and allied healthcare professionals, 
                      are enhancing patient care and improving efficiency. 
the migration of informatics to wireless and 
                      mobile applications is now fully underway. this migration 
                      from desktop platforms to a mobile platform will have a 
                      significant impact on future healthcare delivery systems 
                      and their globalization.
handheld computers, both palm and the pocket 
                      pc, currently are being used for e-prescribing, charge capture, 
                      research, reference, patient education, accessing daily 
                      schedules and as clinical tools.
 
medical pda software:
palm 
                      os
 — pocket 
                      pc —nurse pda software: 
                      palm 
                      os — pocket 
                      pc 
links: palm 
                      sites — pocket 
                      pc sites — wireless
— new 
                      users
features: current 
                      features — features 
                      archive — news

                      communities: forums
— listservs—
newsletter
reviews: software
— hardware
— accessories

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
sinfully wholesome aleppo soap argan oil soap castile soap soliphilia soap moroccan argan oil nepalese soap nuts
laurel berry oilwool dryer ballssinfully wholesome twittersinfully wholesome - youtubesinfully wholesome - google+
how to use sinfully wholesome soap nuts for laundry, household cleaning, hair shampoo and for bathing
soap nuts for sustainable household cleaning
sinfully wholesome soap nuts (1 kilogram)
review: sinfully wholesome soap nuts
sinfully wholesome - youtube
 








 




















mobile resource guide, q3 2005

mobile e-prescribing: the killer app 
                      for it adoption.

palm's new lifedrive mobile manager

palmetto health deploys the ekahau wi-fi 
                      real-time location system

invivodata first to deploy new tungsten 
                      e2 in clinical trials

palmone introduces new tungsten e2 handheld

fear of job losses could slow the adoption 
                      of rfid

using patient paging and sms messaging 
                      to improve workflow in outpatient clinics

usability holds back md handheld usage

 


 
 

















canadian and u.s. primary care physicians lag in use of health it

conference call: free nursing informatics webinar

study: nurses not trained for it

enhancing rural health education using pda's

the stress of educational pda technology

ecg ambulance transmission cuts time 
                      to direct clot removal

most popular nursing pda software products

highmark inc. contributes $26.5 million 
                      to fund organization that encourages adoption of health 
                      information technology

worldwide market for handheld devices 
                      continues to decline

new wireless pda 12-lead ekg monitoring 
                      system

epocrates & patientkeeper to support 
                      windows treo

bill gates has palm in his pocket

palm teams up with microsoft

active ecg for the treo 650

weak roi for passive rfid solutions in 
                      healthcare reported

pdas used to address critical health 
                      needs in rural africa and asia

study finds "wired" hospitals 
                      are safer

handhelds in medicine: a practical guide 
                      for clinicians

 


 



 


 




 




















© 
      pda cortex all rights reserved


 
 
 



it's cutting edge
















 
 
 







