













california department of general services





























skip to main content






ca.gov
 

 
share via facebook
share via x
share via google+
share via email




translate



translate this website to your preferred language:












site search





search this site:







search


clear search

 



view allclose





home




services




                                divisions & offices
                                

sub menu toggle




                                                divisions & offices
 



                                                building standards commission
                                            



                                                california commission on disability access
                                            



                                                division of the state architect
                                            



                                                facilities management division
                                            



                                                office of administrative hearings
                                            



                                                office of audit services
                                            



                                                office of business and acquisition services
                                            



                                                office of fiscal services
                                            



                                                office of fleet and asset management
                                            



                                                office of human resources
                                            



                                                office of legal services
                                            



                                                office of public school construction
                                            



                                                office of risk and insurance management
                                            



                                                office of state publishing
                                            



                                                office of sustainability
                                            



                                                office of training and administrative standards
                                            



                                                procurement division
                                            



                                                real estate services division
                                            





                                resources
                                

sub menu toggle




                                                search all resources
 



                                                e-signature toolkit
                                            



                                                affordable housing development
                                            



                                                legislative reports
                                            



                                                statewide telework
                                            



                                                management memos
                                            



                                                state administrative manual (sam)
                                            



                                                state contracting manual
                                            



                                                statewide forms program
                                            



                                                strategic plan
                                            





press releases




careers




about




contact







state administrative manual (sam)
access statewide management policy.


the state administrative manual (sam) is a resource for statewide policies, procedures, requirements and information developed and issued by authoring agencies which include the governor's office (go), department of finance (dof), department of  human resources (calhr), department of general services (dgs), and the california department of technology (cdt).

in order to provide a uniform approach to statewide management policy, the contents are published under the authority of the directors of dof and dgs.  sam is administered by the dgs office of training and administrative standards (otas), policy unit.
viewing sam:
sam publication contacts (sam 0030).
sam table of contents.
searching sam:
to search the entire sam use the "search entire manual" feature on the left.
subscribing to sam:
click here to subscribe to the sam updates email subscriber list.





expand all







revision history




revision history:
revision summaries may be found on the sam revision summary history page.






revising sam (procedure and forms)




procedure for sam revisions:
see, sam section 0020

documents required for sam revisions :

sam author revision checklist (dgs optfs form 237)
sam revision template (for clean version)
author revision template (track changes version) 
revision summary template
subject index changes, if necessary







management memos






a management memo is used for the distribution of management or policy information to state entities and often is a preliminary amendment to the state administrative manual (sam). 

view management memos
management memo template







contact us




for questions relating to sam or management memos, please contact the sam administrator.













search entire manual





search manual






search













print entire sam manual



print entire manual






please bear with us, generating the entire sam for printing will take approximately two minutes.





request unavailable documents





to request a document that is not available from the department’s website, please send a request by email using the button below.  
please do not submit personally identifiable information.


submit request









request alternative format





all forms and publications on this website are available in alternative formats. if you would like a copy of a form or publication in an alternative format, please submit your request to dgsfeedback@dgs.ca.gov. please do not submit personally identifiable information.


submit request












back to top
accessibility
certification
employee corner
privacy policy statement





facebook
x
youtube
instagram
linkedin



copyright © 2018 state of california
























