









youth ‎villages: the force for families


















































 


































































contact us
pressroom

blog


 


 
 
 










about

locations
who we serve
mission & values
leadership
accolades
partner with us
news
annual report
janie’s fund


services

residential services
intensive in-home treatment
lifeset
specialized crisis services
foster care
adoption
mypac provider
new allies
guidetree®
memphis allies


careers

search job openings
join our talent community
current students
employee benefits
our culture
program opportunities
internship program
careers faqs
podcast


get involved

events
donate
yvgear
mentoring
volunteer
corporate partnerships
planned giving
grants


refer a child
donate
 


select page


  
 



 



 














help children reach their full potential
every child should have the opportunity to reach for their dreams. over 35 years, youth villages has worked to radically improve the lives of children across the country through an array of program models and services built around preserving and restoring families. we do what works — partner with others to expand our reach and advocate for positive, long-term change in child welfare, juvenile justice and children’s mental health systems.
learn more











the challenge
for many children, the path to adulthood is rough. right now, more than 435,000 children are growing up in foster homes; 120,000 have been permanently separated from their parents and are waiting for adoption; 20,000 will turn 18 and “age out” without family support. we have a responsibility to do better. preserving and strengthening families can allow children to grow up safely in their own homes without the trauma of family separation, and effective services can be the bridge to adulthood for young people who leave foster care alone.

our solutions







our approach
decades of experience and research have taught us this: a family does a better job of raising a child than the state. we provide and advocate for innovative, evidence-based, family-focused services designed to bring help and hope to children and their families, as well as proven services for young adults turning 18 in foster care.

our services







1 in 20
children and youth in the u.s. are in state foster care systems





120,000+
are waiting for a new family through adoption











our impact
we’re changing the lives of thousands of children, families and young people every year through our direct services and partnerships with organizations and agencies around the country. our work is to transform children’s systems, deepen our impact and deliver better results one child and one family at a time.






states


locations

%
success rate











youth villages states
partnering states











ambition
lifesettm  scholar participant, kauna, shares her story of how this youth villages program impacted her life.
watch video










stories of hope
helping children and families live successfully









 



 


from foster care to fashion photography: naomi’s path to success

naomi’s story with youth villages started with the lifeset program, but her journey to get there was anything but easy. she entered foster care at 4 years old and was adopted at 9.

keep reading  

 
 





 


mentor relationships provide boosts for mentee, mentor

when mentoring is mentioned, thoughts quickly go to being a friend or a buddy for a child or youth. mentoring also conjures up images of playing board games, throwing a football or softball, going out to eat or doing arts and crafts.

keep reading  

 
 





 


right help at the right time: jasmin and kayden reunited with intercept

every year in the united states, only half of the number of children who enter the child welfare system are reunified with family. the goal of foster care is for families to be reunited after the necessary steps have been taken to ensure the well-being of the household.

keep reading  

 
 





 


lifeset sets ruby on the right track

meet ruby, a student at a local community college in wilmington, north carolina. she recently took a trip to mexico to spend time with family, and she has plans to complete her bachelor’s degree in architecture at university of north carolina-charlotte after graduation.

keep reading  

 
 





 


from wish lists to smiles: nearly 1,800 youth across west tennessee receive an unforgettable holiday

the holiday heroes campaign has helped children and families in west tennessee for nearly 20 years by connecting corporate and community volunteers to fulfill the holiday wish lists of local youth.

keep reading  

 
 
 
 










make a career out of changing lives
do you share our passion for helping children and families live successfully? we’ve got a place for you.
apply now






 

 








make a career out of changing lives
do you share our passion for helping children and families live successfully? we’ve got a place for you.

apply now







help create lasting change





every day, we serve thousands of children and their families, and we need your help.

get involved






donate
your one-time or continuing contribution goes directly to helping children and young adults get the chance they deserve.








volunteer
you can be a positive force in the lives of young people being treated through youth villages at our residential campuses and beyond.









stay informed
sign up for regular updates on our national programs, ways to get involved and more at youth villages. sign up today and stay informed!














about us
services
careers
get involved
contact










copyright © 2025 youth villages




terms of use
privacy statement
notice of privacy practices
medical records
audited financials
employee resources
transparency coverage
email faq










all rights reserved. “youth villages” is a registered service mark owned by youth villages®. youth villages® is a tax-exempt 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization (ein: 58-1716970). your gift is tax-deductible as allowed by law.

youth villages® is a national leader in mental and behavioral health committed to finding the most effective solutions to help children, families and young adults overcome obstacles and live successfully. working through direct services, partnerships with innovative public agencies and advocacy, we collaborate to bring positive change to child welfare, children’s mental health and justice systems. our 4,500 employees serve more than 43,000 children and young adults in more than 100 locations in 27 states and the district of columbia. youth villages has been recognized by the harvard business school and u.s. news & world report and was identified by the white house as one of the nation’s most promising results-oriented nonprofit organizations.



followfollowfollowfollowfollow









powered by





 



















































