





engineering jobs | ice recruit | choose 277 live vacancies








































skip to main content









					-->
				


















skip to main menu





skip to user menu








sign inor


create account






recruiters

















home
find a job
job alerts
search recruiters
careers advice












search 277 engineering jobs












search


keywords





location






within


          within 0 miles

          within 5 miles

          within 10 miles

          within 15 miles

          within 20 miles





















browse jobs by sector



cad & design jobs 23


electrical, mechanical & other jobs 2


estimating, surveying & planning jobs 1


ground engineering jobs 4


highways & transport jobs 4


infrastructure jobs 69


marine engineering jobs 1


rail jobs 4


structural engineering jobs 164


water & wastewater jobs 5









featured jobs










senior civil/structural design engineer
winchester, hampshire (hybrid working) • £47,430 - £52,735 per annum. up to £1...













director of road asset development and director...
belfast (county) (gb) • £79,237 - £88,908 (under review) plus...













highway asset officer (design/delivery)
newton abbot or exeter (with flexible... • £34,314 - £37,938 per annum







view all jobs











	
			featured recruiters
	




































view all recruiters














job of the week






senior civil engineer/ civil engineer opportuni...
flexible - positioned at any of wood'... • £50,000 - £74,000pa+ attractive benefits









advertise with us
post jobs and monitor your applications
post a job






















	get job alerts


	
		let us do the hard work. sign up for our free service and get great jobs emailed to you.
	



















	upload your cv


	
		upload your cv so our recruiters can match your details to the best available jobs.
	



















about ice recruit
ice recruit is the uk's number one specialist civil engineering jobs board - here's a quick link to all our present civil engineering jobs. you can also jump to specific job categories, for example: structural engineering jobs, cad & design jobs or highways and transport jobs. we are the official job board of the institution of civil engineers (ice), the home of uk civil engineering. within our job search you can refine your search by: location, sector, salary band, contract type and hours or even if you wish to work from home. there is a wide array of job categories on the site, for example take a look at these: infrastructure jobs, water & waste water jobs, ground engineering jobs, or construction and management jobs - the categories are always being updated as new jobs are constantly being added.
if you're intrigued about what salary you could be earning as a civil engineer, then have a read of our blog post: what salary you could be earning as a civil engineer?









career news and advice













	
	what salary will i earn as a civil engineer?
	
		

apart from the opportunity to work in an exciting and fulfilling profession being a civil engineer is a well paid career















	
	the great grid upgrade
	
		

overhauling transmission and distribution infrastructure






view all articles









featured campaigns

jobs in the middle east
infrastructure jobs
highways and transport 
engineering jobs in scotland

more jobs this will open in a new window












back to top






about us


contact us


terms & conditions


privacy policy

twitter feeds
advertise with us
cookie settings


© 2011 - 2025 ice recruit - the job site from the institution of civil engineers (ice). 
	powered by madgex job board platform




















