


	home

















 

 


















 











home


garden tour


about


membership/join


news


photos


resources














 

































x

homegarden touraboutmembership/joinnewsphotosresources











 






















































 
who we are...
the american hydrangea society was formed in 1994 for people who love hydrangeas and want to "study and learn about the genus hydrangea, its species and cultivars, as well as its culture, habits, hardiness, and performance.'  a fascination with the hydrangea in all of its forms is the common thread that unites the members of the ahs.
 










































































































































 
visit our photo gallery

 






















































































latest news


















president’s letter – winter 2025


happy new year! i hope you had a wonderful holiday season filled with visits to or from family and friends. it’s the season of rest for the garden and this year’s cold ensures conditions for full plant dormancy which means our plant’s energy can go into good root growth. 











ahs winter 2025 meeting
monday, february 24, 2025, at the atlanta history center’s woodruff auditorium in mcelreath hall, 7pm

please join us for speaker scott mcmahan's lecture on “plant exploration with a purpose”.











president’s letter – fall 2024


hello hydrangea friends! i hope you had a pleasant summer full of travel with friends and family and are now refreshed and well ready to ease into my favorite season of them all — autumn.











ahs october 2024 meeting
monday, october 28, 2024, at the atlanta history center’s woodruff auditorium in mcelreath hall, 7pm

sadly, due to hurricane helene, our scheduled october speaker, irene palmer, had to postpone her talk. fear not! four of our wonderful ahs members have agreed to be on a panel to answer your hydrangea questions. please email your questions to jennifer petritz by wednesday, october 23rd, president@americanhydrangeasociety.org











ozzie johnson interview on green and growing with ashley frasca


ahs vp ozzie johnson speaks with ashley frasca in a 2-part interview
















meetings at a glance






all meetings will be in the woodruff auditorium in mcelreath hall at the atlanta history center
• 7:00pm social
• 7:30pm meeting
• plant raffle (following program)
 
monday, february 24, 2025
speaker: scott mcmahan, manager of international plant exploration program, atlanta botanical garden
topic: "plant exploration with a purpose"
 
monday, april 28, 2025
speaker: sam hoadley, manager of horticultural research at mt. cuba center, new castle county, delaware
topic: tba

saturday, june 14, 2025
ahs 30th annual garden tour
9am to 5pm, rain or shine

monday, october 27, 2025
speaker: tba

for more local gardening events click here:
ahs membership toolkit calendar 
 
 



















































 









































connect











 


facebook - like us







youtube - subscribe







instagram - follow
















about







the american hydrangea society inc.
po box 420753
atlanta, ga 30342
meeting location/map:
woodruff auditorium in mcelreath hall
atlanta history center
130 west paces ferry road nw
atlanta, ga 30350
get directions













links







about
membership/join
news & events
annual hydrangea garden tour
photos












resources







- hydrangea care & maintenance
- hydrangea books
- hydrangea organizations
- gardens & nurseries
- garden blogs
- other hydrangea links








































copyright 2025 by american hydrangea society
|
privacy statement
|
terms of use





















