


sarahlucillefisch




















    
	sarahlucillefisch
	
  
up yours, human resources.





thursday, august 28, 2008



	 
	 motivate me.
	 
    


dudes.i would really like to be blogging more. so why aren't i?some of it is that i've been writing many stories and reviews for the san antonio current (which can be found here!)also, i've been writing kids'  stuff, including reading-comprehension test passages and a spec essay about klimt for an art-history inspired craft book for 'tweens.and yet i still can't afford an iphone or a wii, both of which i want.i appeal to you, my readership. all, like, nine of y'all.how do i get back into the blogging rhythm? i have maybe some things to say about the 'lympics. is it too late??it is, right?damn.leave me a comment and give me a topic.anything.tranny rhythmic gymnasts?coyotes?harriet tubman?behind-the-scenes anecdotes concerning that vibrator-store story i did? (you can link to that up there, it's called a missionary's position).or, leave me a comment with moneymaking schemes in it so i can get an iphone and a wii.



posted by sarahfisch at 
     3:50 pm 
7 comments






monday, july 14, 2008



	 
	 leave it in the jungle, larry
	 
    


oh holy sweet mother of infinite and improbably-chic mercy,have you seen ingrid betancourt on larry king?i sort of have an inexplicable semi- fondness for larry's wrankled old bat-crazy ass, what with his allowing elizabeth taylor her customary approaching- french-impressionism-in-softness lens filter, his storied fondness for the kathy griffin, his floppy neck-flesh containing enough skin for a whole extra larry king face, and his tragicomically doomed serial marriages.but i ask you, barbara. why oh why would you host ingrid betancourt on your live internationally-broadcast tv program and then pepper her with the most puerile, ham-fisted questions imaginable? this is a lady who has survived unimaginable fear and horrendous depredations wondering day after day for seven years whether she'd be brutally murdered, who after her rescue espouses not bitterness, but instead embodies the very notion of noble sangfroid and displays a mandela-worthy aura of dignity and compassion.she amazes me. 'cause i know if i had finally gotten rescued last week after seven years of hell, i would've said to one of those colombian special forces fellows, "um, can i see your ak for a quick second? 'cause i got some motherfuckers to take out right about now, honey. come here, enrique*."but ingrid? no. even when asked by larry, "do you hate farc?" ingrid politely declined to engage in hatred, or flag-wavery, or in general make an ass of herself. larry, though...oh, larry.a potpourri of larry's lead-footed utterances:1. "did they tie you up? what did they do to you early on?"2. (to camera) "our guest is ingrid betancourt. coming up, ingrid's day to day existence in captivity.what did she eat and where did she sleep? how did she live in chains?and what everyone wants to know — was she tortured?"3. (to ingrid) "what was the worst thing you experienced?"perhaps most absurdly:4. "were you in the jungle the whole time?" (now, if he'd asked me that and i'd been through what mme betancourt has been through, i probably woulda retorted, "well, larry, there was that one outing to chick-fil-a...what the fuck do you think?")the most horrible moment, though, was when he asked her: "the obvious question, were you sexually mistreated?"please. please, please, please.ingrid betancourt does not owe us a litany of her horrors. she doesn't need to be publicly put through a recap of the monstrous events which has left her, no doubt, with a titanic case of ptsd. larry, bless his heart, mishandled that interview grotequely.yuck.* apparently the meanest of her tormentors was (is?) named enrique.



posted by sarahfisch at 
     9:42 am 
4 comments






friday, july 11, 2008



	 
	 oh yeah. the point.
	 
    


i titled that last post "mistaken identity" because i was gonna share with y'all the following observation, about a crucial difference between nyc and san anto:in case you didn't already know this (and if you're not from san antonio, you probably didn't), san antonio is a heavily military town. we got an army base called fort sam houston (pronounced like the city in tx, not the street in nyc), and three air force bases--lackland, brooks, and randolph. this means we have lots of soldiers and airmen about the place. these gentlemen tend to be youthful, very buff, and sport very short hair-dos. they are also neatly dressed and groomed, though sometimes they have tattoos.there is a similar-looking coterie of menfolk in new york city, specifically chelsea. usually these are not airmen or soldiers, but cute gay dudes.this is confusing to me! not in a deep existential way, you understand, but in a fast, first-glance-at-somebody-in-the-post-office kind of way. my brain undergoes a quick either-or.who'm i lookin' at here: gym-queen top, or staff sergeant?



posted by sarahfisch at 
     12:57 am 
4 comments






thursday, july 10, 2008



	 
	 mistaken identity department
	 
    


so i'm living in san antonio with my folks, kinda...regrouping. for one thing, back this fall, my landlord sold my apartment building in williamsburg for (what i hope/suspect was) a ton of money, williamsburg real estate being very hot these days, so i had to git, after six years living there. so i moved in with (in a platonic way, you understand--i mean, i rented a room from) a tiny german minimalist painter just a couple blocks away from my apartment building, who was subletting rooms (illegally, it turned out) in his giant art studio. then he got evicted this spring for illegally-subletting rooms, and coincidentally i graduated with my b.a. from the new school, so i decided that rather that trying to find another cheap w-burg room, i'd come home for a bit and stare at my diploma (which has yet to arrive) and weigh my options.grad school?move to a foreign land and teach english?write freelance, grouse, and listen to a lot of josé gonzález?well, for the time being, i've decided on plan c. barbara (which is what i call my readership, collectively), you can even read two of my efforts hereand herei have more to say about all of this, and i will.how're y'all?



posted by sarahfisch at 
     11:54 pm 
0 comments






saturday, july 05, 2008



	 
	 self-portraits, a la photobooth
	 
    


i plan to post a very long item about what-all i've been up to for the past year or so, but it's awfully late in the evening for alla that, barbara. so instead, i present for your delectation a number of self-portraits, so that y'all can remember how charming i am.



posted by sarahfisch at 
     11:09 pm 
0 comments











about me

name:  sarahfisch 
location:  brooklyn y san anto, new york y texas, united states 
i'm a nice-enough girl.
view my complete profile

links

google news
edit-me
edit-me

previous posts

motivate me.
leave it in the jungle, larry
oh yeah. the point.
mistaken identity department
self-portraits, a la photobooth
hello, again. hello.
psssssst...
freddy fender - before the next teardrop fallsrest...
happy friday the 13th
owww

archives

january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
august 2007
july 2008
august 2008


subscribe toposts [atom]







 




