






cfbt education services |







































































 



+673 2442774
info@cfbt.org



facebook




twitter




instagram


 





facebook




twitter




instagram



about us
contact us
webmail
cfbt sharepoint
 












home
english language teaching project

primary and secondary teaching
resources

elt video interviews – 2023
q&a’s with cfbt teachers
frequently asked questions
latest news


professional development opportunities
educational initiatives


work with us
tlc

corporate training services
young learner programme
adult language courses


examination centre

ielts
ielts ukvi
private exams


lncp
 





select page


  
 



 



 














 
homepage 1rapply now our expertise we are hiring! we want qualified and dedicated teachers to join our english language teaching project in brunei. our new brand identity aims to communicate our values and strong commitment to our mission as we strengthen our partnerships and as our presence continues to grow in brunei’s education marketplace.teach abroad in tropical bruneicfbt brand refreshhomepage 2rlearn morelearn morewe are committed to delivering excellent english language teaching to the students of brunei, in partnership with the ministry of education in brunei.learn more about our strong commitment to delivering excellent teaching to students in partnership with the ministry of education in brunei.the world’s leading english language teaching projectthe world’s leading english language teaching projecthomepage  3rsee interviewssee reportwe interviewed some of our cfbt teachers to learn more about life in brunei as a cfbt teacher.a case study of successful education reform at scale in brunei darussalam.talk to our teachersraising student achievement in literacy and numeracy  









what matters to us

at cfbt, we are committed to empowering teachers, inspiring learners and delivering education solutions in brunei darussalam. we recruit and carefully place highly qualified teachers, developed a nationwide programme designed to improve the quality and proficiency of literacy and numeracy teaching across brunei, deliver expert training solutions to local companies and we remain the only company in brunei that provides ielts examinations for those who want to study or work abroad.
our deep understanding of brunei’s local context, specialist education expertise and project management skills allows us to achieve what matters to us most; contributing to his majesty the sultan of brunei’s 2035 vision of a well-educated, highly skilled and accomplished population.







english language teaching project

we recruit expert english language teachers from countries around the globe to deliver creative and innovative teaching solutions to the students of brunei darussalam. through high impact teaching and learning in classrooms, specialised national support and intervention programmes, and continuous capacity building at scale, we continue to raise the proficiency and attainment levels of students throughout the nation. learn more about our impactful project by clicking the link below.


learn more







 
















                                                            educational initiatives and programmes at cfbt                                                        

                                                            we are actively engaged in a variety of english-related projects and programmes aimed at improving language and learning                                                        



                                                                        see educational programmes                                                                    



























                                                            professional development opportunities                                                        

                                                            at cfbt we are committed to the continuing growth and development of our teachers. this is an essential part of our capacity guarantee to the ministry of education and our ongoing support to all cfbt educators.                                                        



                                                                        see opportunities                                                                    



























                                                            primary and secondary teaching                                                        

                                                            learn more about what we offer our teachers at cfbt                                                        



                                                                        see details                                                                    




















safeguarding
robust child safeguarding policies encompass our work in brunei and we are committed to ensuring that our beneficiaries are protected and cared for by our vigilant and dedicated teachers and staff. learn more by clicking the link below.

learn more








employee & dependents




schools deployed in




years in brunei







frequently asked questions

see faq











other projects at cfbt





 


 













                                                            literacy and numeracy coaching programme                                                        

                                                            our literacy and numeracy coaching programme was fully embedded within brunei’s ministry of education. we worked with the government to deliver transformational changes in the way literacy and numeracy is taught in schools throughout brunei.                                                        







 



 













                                                            training and learning centre                                                        

                                                            our training and learning centre provides all things training and learning-related for companies, adults and children. learn more about the courses we run by exploring our page.                                                        







 



 













                                                            examination centre                                                        

                                                            we run a reputable test centre with more than 10 years of examinations experience. the establishment of long-term relationships with many international universities and professional institutes have enabled us to provide cost effective solutions for you. learn more about the tests we provide by exploring our page.                                                        







 


















address
block d, unit 5 & 6, kiarong complexlebuhraya sultan hassanal bolkiahbandar seri begawan be1318

telephone:
+673 2442773
email:
info@cfbt.org

 all offices

        



work with us

 view our current vacancies



useful links

 safeguarding
 contact us
 talk to our staff
 work with us
 faq
 cfbt events 2022





 webmail
 cfbt intranet
 cfbt sharepoint








         

© cfbt education services (b) sdn. bhd 2022



 







© cfbt education services (b) sdn. bhd 2022 







 

































