
















home








































































home

about 

about alea
strategic objectives
national council
alea local councils
alea news & media
national and international affiliations
alea declaration
alea policies and procedures



join alea 

join alea
benefits of membership
membership categories
special interest groups (sigs)



journals


professional learning 

professional learning calendar
alea national conference
speaker expression of interest form 



grants/awards 

alea research grant
aboriginal & torres strait islander mentoring program
alea awards
alea fellowship
alea honour council



alea shop 


free resources 


professional resources 

reading and phonics 


alea declaration
alea hot topics
little people's literacy learning
reading australia
research into practice 



member only resources 

alea today
current and past journals
alea research project
book reviews
illustrations of practice
sound bites
videos on alea youtube 
wisdom stories



members centre 

my profile
alea contacts
councils area
annual general meeting 



contact us



member login













australian literacy educators’ association
the australian literacy educators’ association (alea) is an independent professional association dedicated to literacy and english language learning from early childhood through all stages of schooling and tertiary education contexts.







the alea declaration
literacy is more than simple notions of listening, talking, writing and reading. it encompasses multiple literacies that require an extensive repertoire of multimodal practices developed over a lifetime. as societies and cultures continue to change so do literate practices because the ways individuals communicate, learn and work also change. (page 1, section 1, paragraph 1).




























australian literacy educators’ association
recognises the critical role literacy plays in learning and communicating in all curriculum areas, and for effective participation in society.









































alea local councils
connect with your local literacy community







professional learning events
view our calendar






alea journals
read about alea's journals




alea shop
purchase alea resources










                                                                  






latest news



view all news







aate/alea national conference 2025 - 2nd call for presenters 
03 february 2025
the 2nd round of call for presenters is open, and must close on friday 21 february 2025.
more







what we truly know about teaching reading
20 january 2025
in march 2024, alea was fortunate to have catherine compton-lilly present on reading research.
more







aate / alea 2025 national conference - early bird registration is open!
28 november 2024
register now for the early bird rate and be in the draw for prizes! 
more







grammar teaching resources for supporting students' understanding in the early and primary years
26 october 2024
'exploring with grammar in the primary years: learning about grammar in the australian curriculum: english' - created by beryl exley, lisa kervin, and jessica mantei plus 'playing with grammar in the early years: learning about grammar in the australian curriculum: english' - created by beryl exley and lisa kervin.
more







alea sound bites with transcripts
27 august 2024
a member only resource, the 2024 sound bites - interviews with literacy experts - are amazing!
more







fact-checking the science of reading
15 april 2024
robert j. tierney's and p. david pearson's new book is for people wishing to find out about the science behind reading research.
more













coming events



view all events







alea mackay - noella mackenzie - interactive writing
27 february 2025
in this presentation, noella will explore how the 'shared pen' approach used in interactive writing leads to shared authorship and ownership of co-constructed texts. noella will provide class teachers with practical strategies to support the writing journey of the apprentice writers in their classrooms.
more info

register now








strengthening vocabulary through morphology presented by fiona hamilton
06 march 2025
alea tas south is hosting an online professional learning workshop on morphology aimed at educators working across the primary years. strong vocabulary is a crucial indicator of reading comprehension. join this insightful workshop where we delve into the power of morphology in vocabulary development. 
more info

register now








alea act unconference - literacy speed dating
13 march 2025
the ‘unconference’ is run like a speed dating session with a focus on literacy.
this pl has 2 hours of tqi accreditation.
more info

register now








teaching grammar k-6
13 march 2025
save the date
- dr sallly humphrey 
- teaching grammar k-6,
put this date in your diary for a great session next year.
more information and registration details available early next year.
see the flyer attached. 







alea tesig meeting 27 march 
27 march 2025
we invite you to join the first 2025 meeting of the alea english and literacy teacher education special interest group (sig) online, on thursday, march 27th, at 4:00 pm (aedt).
more info

register now







alea act literacy in early childhood pl series
27 march 2025
4 part series across 2025
keen to explore literacy in early childhood settings? wanting to connect with early childhood 
professionals to explore how beliefs are enacted? then this professional learning series is for 
you!
this pl has 4 hours of tqi accreditation.
more info

register now








innovation and not intervention 
10 april 2025
a successful writing intervention program targeting students with low literacy in a 7-12 school in the hunter region has shown improvements in age-appropriate writing skills through a discipline-based approach. designed by a literacy coordinator and subject teachers, the program teaches explicit writing strategies tailored to each subject, utilizing exemplars, scaffolds, and editing checks. the positive results are evident in the students’ enhanced semester reports.
more info

register now








personal experience narratives and blogging with struggling writers: literacy in english, maths and science 
08 may 2025
a study showcasing how incorporating personal narratives and blogging in english, math, and science classes can help struggling teen writers at a rural nsw school produce authentic texts. students interacted with pop culture, real-world shopping discounts, and conservation issues as writing prompts. dr. mutuota kigotho, a une school of education lecturer with extensive teaching experience, presented these innovative strategies to stimulate writing among learners with challenges in traditional literacy skills.
more info

register now








the role of student and teacher talk in early writing instruction
12 may 2025
when they begin school, children/young students learn what is important in this new context through conversations with others—their peers and their teachers. across two sessions, noella mackenzie will help participants examine the role of talk in writing lessons: child/student talk and teacher talk.
more info

register now








evaluative texts: interactional skills to position or persuade the audience
29 may 2025
this session analyzes the influence of interactional writing skills on student performance in legal studies exams. through a study of 20 nsw hsc exam responses, it connects the use of appraisal resources—attitude, graduation, and engagement—with higher grades. presenter jennifer kompara-tosio, with extensive teaching experience and currently an eald teacher and phd candidate in educational linguistics, investigates the impact of students' adept application of these resources in exams.
more info

register now








supporting students to choose and use appropriate vocabulary and grammatical features in written texts
31 july 2025
in a workshop focused on language and genre theory, teachers learn how functional models support student agency in tailoring language to their texts' audience and purpose. through engagement with children's literature, vocabulary, and grammar within the framework of 'field,' 'tenor,' and 'mode,' teachers will try strategies such as drama to enhance vocabulary, understanding texts, and promote various construction stages. these methods are adaptable for diverse learners, including eal/d students and those with varying literacy levels.
more info

register now













 
 








get in touch
po box 576
crows nest nsw 1585
+61 2 9431 8679





















© australian literacy educators association 2025

powered by membes ams: association software




disclaimer |
privacy policy









































