



door furniture, door handles, door knobs, window fittings & hardware: world of brass





























home page |
go to checkout | how to order | contact us | about us | site guide









home page »
go to checkout »
door handles »
door knobs »
door furniture »
locks & latches »
window furniture »
cabinet fittings »
cupboard handles »
cupboard knobs »
electrical switches »
hardware fittings »
bathroom fittings »
stair rods »
trade section »
product info »





subscribe to our mailing list

name:
email address:










 door furniture, door handles, door knobs, window furniture, cabinet fittings, and architectural hardware







welcome to the world of brass online store, uk suppliers of door furniture, door handles, door knobs, window furniture, hardware fittings and much more. all produced to the highest quality, with orders delivered direct to your front door. from the classic to the contemporary, whatever your style or budget, world of brass has something that's perfect for you to express your individuality. it's those final finishing touches that help to turn your house into your home.








world of brass uk specialist in door handles, door furniture, window fittings and hardware







door handles




door lever handles




door knobs




door furniture




 door locks & latches




antique black iron door furniture




cupboard handles




cupboard knobs




window furniture & fittings




electrical light switches & sockets




front door knockers




letter plates




hardware fittings & ironmongery




vent plates, coat hooks & castors




door hinges




solid bronze door furniture




pvd stainless brass door furniture




stair rods




stainless steel door furniture




bathroom fittings & accessories













all prices include vat and uk mainland delivery is only £5.95 inc.vat.
free uk mainland delivery on all orders over £150!
we hope you enjoy your shopping experience!





new products and special offers!








ftd knurled radio knob


price: £8.99
 inc vat








click here






ftd lines radio knob


price: £8.99
 inc vat








click here






ftd knurled cabinet handle


price: £15.12
 inc vat








click here






ftd lines cabinet handle


price: £15.12
 inc vat








click here














with an extensive range of architectural hardware & ironmongery products available online including:




door handles
door levers
door knobs
letter plates
finger plates
cabinet hardware
door signs
upvc door handles



post boxes
door knockers
escutcheons
door bolts
door numbers
bathroom fittings
padlocks
pull handles


door hinges
bell pushes
door stops
locks & latches
window furniture
electrical switches
door security
centre door knobs


vent plates
coat hooks
stair rods
cabinet handles
cabinet knobs
cabin hooks
rim knobs
door furniture



if you still can't find what you are looking for then please telephone or e-mail us with your enquiry.
world of brass limited, 393 blackburn road, bolton, bl1 8dytel: 01204 399113 fax: 01204 370701 e-mail: info@worldofbrass.co.uk

copyright © world of brass limited 2002-2018
privacy policy |
terms & conditions |
delivery information |
useful links




world of brass – uk suppliers of door furniture, door handles and knobs, locks, window furniture, cabinet handles, architectural hardware & ironmongery





our web site was launched back in 2002, when we became one of the first online suppliers of brass door handles, door knobs and door furniture in the uk. every item is selected for its quality and value for money price. we never compromise quality for cheaper prices and are confident in our belief that we can offer some of the highest quality products at the most competitive prices including:
door furniture
from the interior to exterior front door furniture, we have a complete range of door fittings and accessories, including letter plates and door knockers for your front door to hinges and door bolts and much more. in addition to our range of brass door furniture we have a large range chrome door furniture, antique black iron and stainless steel door furniture and hardware.
door handles
from the traditional type brass door handles or designer chrome door handles to 316 grade stainless steel door lever handles on round rose, we have hundreds of door handles to choose from in brass, chrome, black antique, bronze and stainless steel.
door knobs
for those who prefer door knobs to handles we stock a variety of mortice door knobs. in addition to rim door knob sets, knobs on backplate, centre door knobs and knobs with locks.
door locks & latches
it’s important to get the right sort of lock or latch for your door handles or knobs. we stock a range of locks and security products, including mortice door latches, bathroom locks, british standard sash locks and high security euro cylinders to compliment the range of door handles and knobs.
window furniture & fittings
for casement windows or sash windows we have a complete range of window furniture and fittings in brass, chrome, bronze, black iron and stainless steel; including window stays, fasteners, sash lifts and handles.
cabinet handles & knobs
for that final touch to your kitchen doors, or bathroom cabinet we stock a range of cupboard door handles and knobs in both traditional styles and contemporary designs in brass, chrome, satin nickel, crystal glass and stainless steel.
electrical switches
our victorian, georgian or modern flat plate light switches, dimmers and sockets produced in high quaity solid brass will help brighten your home.
bathroom fittings & accessories
to compliment any bathroom we have a number of bathroom fittings ranges in chrome and nickel.










lancashire web design by bf internet











