







scania australia | driving the future | scania australia 






































































you seem to be located in .







take me to scania australia


stay on the australia site




















australia




              australia
            













































































configurator




country selector



























new bus generation

explore our new generation of buses, coaches and chassis. energy efficient, reliable, durable and powerful, with built-in state-of-the-art safety systems and a first-class driver area and more.
to the bus experience










available positions

at scania, our people are our most valuable asset. we are looking for individuals who are ready to take on the challenge of driving the change towards a better tomorrow.
find available positions here










sustainability

scania’s purpose is to drive the shift towards a sustainable transport system, by developing safe, smart and energy-efficient transport solutions that are better for people and the planet. 
scania’s purpose










trucks

we build trucks that build businesses. it's not just about performance, reliability and economy: it's about scania's knowledge of your business. scania trucks are anything but standard.
trusted partners



















driving the future





whether you're looking for a new large fleet of scania vehicles or an individual truck, we can customise our vehicles and services to meet the unique needs of your application and operation. we provide scania transport solutions for use in a wide range of applications, allowing operators to increase their efficiency and performance while reducing environmental impact.
























trucks

              

              
                09 oct 2024
              
            
scania builds heavy trucks for transport companies worldwide, catering to long-distance, urban, and construction needs. explore our solutions!





















buses and coaches

              

              
                16 oct 2024
              
            
scania provides people transport solutions allowing sustainability and operating economy to go hand in hand, utilising strong partnerships and a global network.





















power solutions

              

              
                09 oct 2024
              
            
scania power systems can be found at the heart of machines required to be in use 24 hours a day, including wheel loaders, patrol boats and power gensets.





















services

              

              
                09 oct 2024
              
            
improve your operation - explore scania´s extensive offering of complete service solutions.


























latest news
















2025
























scania unveils the dunk truck at bathurst 12-hour: a unique and locally conceived promotional platform

              

              
                28 jan 2025
              
            
scania australia continues to grow its footprint in the heavy vehicle market, supplying increasing numbers of new trucks as well as growing patronage at its com





















scania introduces the 500 p super, the torque of the town

              

              
                25 nov 2024
              
            
scania australia is adding even more torque to its urban friendly p-cab range with the arrival of the 500 hp (368 kw) 6-cylinder, 500 p super.





















scania to debut world's first autonomous mining truck fleet in australia

              

              
                07 oct 2024
              
            
scania and regroup partner to launch the first-ever fleet of autonomous in-pit mining trucks in australia's pilbara region by late 2025, marking a significant step towards sustainable mining with reduced emissions and advanced autonomous solutions.





















scania and fortescue collaborate to develop autonomous mining road train

              

              
                02 oct 2024
              
            
scania, and australian company fortescue, have agreed to jointly develop and validate a fully integrated autonomous road train solution.





















a boxed set for tls

              

              
                02 oct 2024
              
            
rolls of carpet packed into boxes, carried on a-doubles pulled by scania v8s lets total logistics solutions hoover up efficiency improvements





















thinking outside the boxes with scania

              

              
                01 oct 2024
              
            
belief in scania’s products and services drives efficiencies at harper jack haulage.





















scania’s zoomy technician: 24 years on the tools and counting

              

              
                25 sep 2024
              
            
scania’s oldest technician globally can still give his younger workshop mates a run for their money





















scania to push for sustainable value chains at cop28

              

              
                16 sep 2024
              
            
join scania at cop28 to drive sustainable transport change. learn how buyers can leverage spending power and urge policymakers for effective incentives.





















world’s first scania bev crewcab headed to australia

              

              
                03 sep 2024
              
            
scania australia is a proud and longstanding partner of fire authorities around the country, with significant fleets of vehicles in service in every state.

















newsroom


























let's talk business








search for your nearest dealer






find your dealer









contact




                            get directions
                        









more dealers in your area









scania.com would like
                            to use your current location
access denied! find your closest dealer inside our contact search page




more dealers in your area
























































products



trucks

buses & coaches

power solutions

attributes





services



repair and maintenance

data-driven services

finance

insurance





about scania



career

current vacancies

newsroom

sustainability at scania

scania lifestyle webshop







                        scania in your region:
                        
                    
australia










            legal notice
          



            privacy statement
          



            cookies
          



            contact us
          



            whistleblowing
          






























© copyright scania 2025 all rights reserved. scania australia, tel: +61 3 9217 3300, fax: +61 3 9305 3898.













this content is unavailable if you don't enable our cookies. please enable cookies to be able to see this content.



cookie settings



cookie policy link 








cookie information


we use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. we also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. by clicking “i accept” , you are agreeing to give your consent to all cookies being used and the information being shared. you can also manage your cookies by clicking the “cookie settings” and selecting the categories you’d like to accept. for a more detailed explanation of how we use cookies, please visit our cookies section, which you can find by clicking the link below this text.









i accept

reject all

cookie settings









cookie settings










													necessary cookies
												

													always on
													
												



 necessary cookies are needed for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. they are usually a consequence of you requesting services such as; setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but then some parts of the site will not work. these cookies do not store any personal data.






													performance cookies
												



														off
														
													

														on
														
													




 performance cookies allow us to count visits and traffic, which is an important source of improvement of our site. they help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to see how visitors move around the site. all the information that these cookies collect is aggregated and is therefore anonymous. if you do not allow these cookies your visit to our site will not be counted in our statistics and will not contribute to performance monitoring and improvement of the website.






													functional cookies
												



														off
														
													

														on
														
													




 functional cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. they may be set by us or by third-party providers (see our cookie policy for further information ) whose services we have added to our pages. if you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. third-party providers may process your information, including personal data, when these cookies are activated.






													targeting cookies
												



														off
														
													

														on
														
													




 targeting cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners (see our cookie policy for further information). they may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. they are based on uniquely identifying your browser type and the type of internet device you use. if you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.






													social media cookies
												



														off
														
													

														on
														
													




 social media cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks (see our cookie policy for further information). they are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. this may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. if you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.










cookie policy link



cancel
save preferences

















