








freedom armory-shooting range & gun training in glen rock, pa | freedom armory

















































































































call: 717-227-9060 | hours 


retail


suppressors



memberships
ranges
safes
training


handgun course series
maryland wear and carry course



gunsmith
contact us


events
careers



member login

search





menu



 






 course calendars -click “training calendar” tab below to view 
dates don’t fit your schedule?  create your own small group class with a minimum of four participants or coordinate a private lesson
phone freedom armory (717) 227-9060 with potential date(s).  freedom armory will check instructor availability and coordinate with you.
small group course fee $135.00 plus tax per participant.  1 hour private lesson fee for one person $150.00 plus tax / two person $270.00 plus tax.  rental firearm and ammunition additional.
training calendarsafes in stock + delivery optionsstop in to see available models on showroom floor!
delivery is available and delivery fee is dependent on placement at end location as well as distance to location.
click safe info tab below
safe infogunsmithing work completed on premises!whether you need gun repair, trigger work, lathe work, or total customization, the skilled gunsmith at freedom armory is up to the task.
atf brace updatepersons already in possession of a pistol length barrel firearm with a stabilizing brace purchased prior to 01/31/2023, may complete a form 1 within 120 days of the published date of the atf ruling in order to avoid payment of the $200 tax stamp fee and to maintain the legality of the firearm configuration (now considered an sbr).  during this time the stabilizing brace should be removed and separated from the firearm.  upon receipt of the approval as an sbr, a stabilizing brace or a stock of your choice could be added.
the atf does not control parts and so stabilizing braces are able to be purchased separately by individuals. stabilizing braces are not illegal, but when combined with a pistol length barrel, this combination is now defined as an sbr per the atf ruling as published on 01/31/2023.  firearms with a stabilizing brace can no longer be sold as a pistol.
however, if a pistol length barrel firearm is purchased currently as a pistol without the brace, the owner could then complete a form 1. the $200.00 atf tax stamp would apply, but the form 1 process takes a much shorter time (1-2 months) versus a form 4 (9-12months), and a form 1 can be completed by the individual without involving a class iii dealer.  with receipt of the form 1 approval, the owner could add a brace or stock to the firearm. please contact freedom armory (717) 227-9060 for questions related to these products.
ammo in stock and priced rightfreedom armory has quality, quantity, and a  variety of ammunition in stock
no limits on most calibers! dependent on supply and may change.
small group, corporate, team building, or private lessons available!small group classes offered monthly.  click calendars for dates.
or, coordinate a private lesson that focuses on specific interests or to develop skill sets. 
corporate and team building events may also be coordinated for all skill levels. 
phone (717) 227-9060 to arrange!
january ’23 training calendarexperience full autofreedom armory offers access to several unique full auto and semi-automatic weapons that can be experienced in house in the ranges.  range membership required; call freedom armory (717) 227-9060 for details.
our handgun rental selection is hard to beat!not a gun owner, yet?  rentals available for use in our training courses or by members in the ranges. we have a large variety of models to choose from.
membership (and shooting experience) required for range and rental use outside of a training course.
rental fee is a per person use fee plus the cost of ammunition.  ammunition cost varies depending on caliber of firearm rented.
aug training coursesaug ’22 training calendarpreviousnext123456789
   


gunsmitheverything from trigger work, sight work, repair, refinishing & installation


indoor rangeshandgun & rifle lanes
in a climate-controlled indoor setting


trainingexpert-led private & group classes
for personal defense and law enforcement


gun rentalshandguns, rifles & machine guns are available as rentals for range use




welcome to freedom armory
freedom armory indoor shooting range is nestled in the rolling hills and farms of southern york county located between york, pa and baltimore, md. convenient to both central pennsylvania and northern maryland, the range is directly off of i-83, glen rock exit 8, on the corner of seaks run and susquehanna trail. the range is open seven days a week for your convenience.  last lane assignments each day are made one hour before the retail closing time.
membership is required to use the ranges at freedom armory.  four levels of membership are available. freedom armory offers two “pay as you go” memberships and two “unlimited use” memberships for individuals and families. unlike many other ranges, personal ammunition may be used, with some restrictions. also, handguns, rifles and machine guns are available for rent by members at the range for a fee.
whether you are a new gun owner or an experienced professional, freedom armory’s state of the art facility and staff provide clean, comfortable range areas for a variety of shooting needs.


trainingfreedom armory offers training in handgun, rifle, and carbine weaponry from all levels from beginner to advanced skill levels.
you must arrive 15 minutes before your training course begins to prepare your gear or rent your equipment.
training calendar










introductory courses
handguns, rifles, shotguns


basic courses
handguns 2, deadly force/castle doctrine


advanced courses
gear, jams, carbines, reloading, strong hand/weak hand, the draw and others


mpoetc qualification
individual and small group qualification



  

hours 
sunday: 12 noon - 6 pm
monday - friday: 11 am - 7 pm
saturday: 10 am - 6 pm
last lane assignments of the day are made 1 hour prior to the retail closing time. 
submit range agreement


contact us freedom armory
10598 2nd amendment drive
glen rock, pa 17327
phone: (717) 227-9060
fax: (717) 227-9352
sign up for emails
get directions







copyright © 2023 freedom armory 
facebookinstagram






scroll to top












































