






sloan digital sky survey-v: pioneering panoptic spectroscopy - sdss-v






























































skip to content




		news: robotic telescopes and spinning black holes 





 


primary menu




data
mappersexpand mappers submenucollapse mappers submenu

about milky way mapper
about local volume mapper
about black hole mapper


instruments
collaboration
scienceexpand science submenucollapse science submenu

results
news
publications
science blog


education
contact







search
















sdss-v: pioneering
panoptic spectroscopy
sdss-v: pioneering
panoptic spectroscopy
sdss-v: pioneering
panoptic spectroscopy
sdss-v: pioneering
panoptic spectroscopy
sdss-v: pioneering
panoptic spectroscopy




sdss-v is the first facility providing multi-epoch optical & ir spectroscopy across the entire sky, as well as offering contiguous integral-field spectroscopic coverage of the milky way and local volume galaxies. this panoptic spectroscopic survey continues the strong sdss legacy of innovative data and collaboration infrastructure.
new: we are featured in a new exhibit at the los angeles county museum of art, mapping the infinite: cosmology across cultures!

data




data
data
data
data




our latest data release, dr18 is now live! this is the first data release for sdss-v and contains targeting data for black hole mapper and milky way mapper, as well as efeds spectra and value added catalogs. find out more about dr18 on the dr18 webpages, and in the dr18 paper.
if you are looking for previous data releases from sdss-iv, then these are all still available! you can find them on our completed surveys page, and at the sdss-iv webpages. completed surveys include the sdss imaging and legacy survey, supernova survey, segue1/2, marvels, (e)boss, apogee-1/2, manga and mastar.
our next data release will be dr19, and is currently scheduled for 2024.

news





spinning black holes reveal how they grew
january 14, 2025
 
a new study from the sloan digital sky survey (sdss) has revealed a surprising truth about black holes: they spin faster than previously thought, revealing a more orderly early universe than we ever suspected.


robotic sdss telescopes begin a new era in mapping the interstellar regions of the milky way
january 14, 2025
 
the sloan digital sky survey (sdss) is embarking on its most innovative spectroscopic survey yet of our milky way: creating a comprehensive map of the interstellar material in our galaxy.


sdss astronomers observe theoretically predicted effect in the remnants of dead stars
december 18, 2024
 
a student-led team has observed that the mass-radius relation of white dwarf stars depends on the temperature of the star. scientists have long searched for this subtle effect, detected here for the first time - along with the largest catalog of white dwarf data of its kind.


astronomers find quasar winds speeding up
june 11, 2024
 
a team of astronomers from the sloan digital sky survey has used eight years of careful, constant observations to discover unexpected changes in the winds surrounding a black hole.


next-gen astronomical survey makes its first observations toward a new understanding of the cosmos
november 2, 2020
the sloan digital sky survey’s fifth generation collected its very first observations of the cosmos at 1:47 a.m. on october 24, 2020. as the world’s first all-sky time-domain spectroscopic survey, sdss-v will provide groundbreaking insight into the formation and evolution of galaxies—like like our own milky way—and of the supermassive black holes that lurk at their centers.


the “barbenheimer star”: evidence for spectacular nucleosynthesis in the early universe
january 10, 2024
astronomy’s new blockbuster is now playing in new orleans. astronomers from the sloan digital sky survey (sdss) have discovered evidence for what they call the “barbenheimer star” – an enormous ancient star that exploded in a way previously thought impossible, resulting in an unusual pattern of elemental ashes that left behind a trail of evidence still visible billions of years later.


mapping everything everywhere all at once
august 2, 2023
the newest mapmaking effort of the long-running sloan digital sky survey has begun. the local volume mapper (lvm) instrument has seen first science light.


sdss-v's robots turn their eyes to the sky
january 11, 2022
after twenty-one years of observers loading heavy aluminum plates night after night, the sloan digital sky survey (sdss) is now seeing the cosmos through robotic eyes. following more than five years of design, development and construction, survey members worked over the final months of 2021 to install the new robotic focal plane system (fps) on the sloan foundation 2.5m telescope at apache point observatory (apo).


serving up the universe on a plate
july 13, 2021
they may not look like much — just metal disks 80 centimeters (30 inches) across with some etched markings and hundreds of small holes — but round aluminum “plates” like this one from the sloan digital sky survey (sdss) have been vital to mapping our universe for more than 20 years.








milky way mapper
image credit: esa/gaia/dpac
a time-domain, optical+ir spectroscopic survey of milky way stars of all types.
program head
andrew tkachenko(ku leuven)

explore mwm



local volume mapper
image credit: nasa, esa/a. nota
an optical, integral-field spectroscopic survey of the milky way and its neighbors. 
program head
niv drory(university of texas at austin)

explore lvm



black hole mapper
image credit: eso/m. kornmesser
an optical time-domain spectroscopic survey of quasars and x-ray sources.
program head
scott anderson(university of washington)

explore bhm




join us!
sdss-v, like previous sdss surveys, remains committed to making its data publicly available in a format that is helpful to a broad range of users, from beginner students to both amateur and professional astronomers. however, without extensive federal or other large-scale funding, this commitment is not possible to fulfill without membership contributions from institutional partners. sdss-v is actively seeking participation from new membership partners. our institutional partners benefit from early access to proprietary data, participation in the survey planning process, and involvement of their faculty, postdocs, and students in our global science collaborative network.
policies for joining sdss-v at a variety of levels can be found in the joining document. the general policies for sdss-v are defined in its current principles of operation.
a list of current member institutions can be found on the affiliate institutions page.













explore
data release 18
data access
tutorials
value added catalogs


learn
mappers
instruments
education
science


connect
contact us
email helpdesk
facebook
sdss people


sdss is supported by:















	copyright 2022 | sloan digital sky survey





back to top




















