



professional clock repair in boston area shop





 



javascript must be enabled in browser to view navigation menu. click here for contact page.
























 modern clock repair shop in the north suburban boston, ma, area
j.f.k. clock repair 100 cummings center, suite 159-d beverly, ma 01915
please see contact page for directions, phone numbers and email address.



offering: fast service • technical excellence extensive parts & movement inventory • experience
           













click here for:










 
hoenes cuckoo clock repair: jfk clock repair is an official service center for hönes gmbh uhrenfabrik (hoenes cuckoo clock), of titisee-neustadt, in the black forest of germany.
expert repair of your in-warrantee, or out-of-warrantee "hoenes" cuckoo clock.




click here for detailed information on jfk's cuckoo repair services, including information on hoenes cuckoo clock repair.










types of information



about my clock repair business
about my shop & repair work
appraisals and parts sales
business ethics and privacy
charges, payment & guarantee
repair estimates and pricing
shipping & repairs form







types of repairs



30-day and 31-day "made in korea"
banjo, schoolhouse, regulator, & wall
battery powered & conversions
cuckoo clock repair
electric clocks & battery conversions
jefferson golden hour clock
grandfather & house calls
mantel













parts sales





 

clock keys: if you need a new replacement clock key, winding key, or crank key for a mantel, wall, or grandfather clock, please click here.  howard miller mantel and grandfather clock keys a specialty.
 
door locks and door keys: if you need a new door lock or door key for a grandfather clock or a wall clock, please click here. howard miller, ridgeway, trend, sligh, dold exquisit (and others) door locks and door keys available.
 
suspension springs: (pendulum springs) for grandfather clocks, mantel clocks, and wall clocks, now available. click here.
 
clock oil: synthetic german clock oil for use in your repairs and oiling. the same type used by jfk in his repairs. generic economy oil also available. click here.
jefferson golden hour clock motors: a brand new motor for the famous "see through" golden hour mystery clock. click here.
convenient online ordering; fast shipping; good old-fashioned service.




 










j.f.k. clock repair
a fully-equipped, modern clock shop near boston, massachusetts, that offers its customers a unique combination of traditional, time-tested repair techniques; state-of-the-art tools, machinery, and repair methods; a large, well-organized workshop; the most thorough and extensive parts inventory in the area; and a lifetime of experience in the clock repair business.
my shop can expertly and professionally repair clocks to restore them to their original running condition. it provides a combination of experience in, and dedication to, the clock repair business, and an investment in parts inventory and machinery that is not common among clock shops.
my shop repairs most types of modern clocks, including: mantel, shelf, bracket, tambour, wall, regulator, banjo, cuckoo, grandfather, grandmother, and battery (quartz) clocks.
jump to top of page
j.f.k. offers its customers ...

a modern, clean, well-lit, factory-style repair facility with ample workshop and testing space.  
a complete in-house machine shop for repairing and custom-manufacturing clock parts.  
an extensive parts and movement inventory, carrying genuine factory-made parts for most type of modern cuckoo, grandfather, wall, shelf, bracket, and mantel clock.  
clock repair "full-time, all the time". it's not a sideline, it's not a hobby, and it's not a part-time avocation after a week at the office. it's a career. my first words were "tick-tock", and i've literally been "at it" ever since.  
a commercial location in a "real" building that has a street address and a phone number. my business does not operate out of a "p.o. box"; it is not located at my residence; and it is not a "phantom" shop in cyberspace.   
insured and alarmed repair facilities.   
house calls for grandfather clock repair.  
new england's finest cuckoo clock repair service.  
a shipping/receiving department, for receiving clocks from, and shipping clocks to, customers all across the usa.   
a 2-year guarantee on repairs, that covers parts and labor.

jump to top of page
where is j.f.k. clock repair?

located about 20 miles north of boston, in cummings center in beverly, ma. see zoomed-in google map.  
easy off/easy on the highway. exit 22 (route 62) off of route 128, in beverly, ma. take route 62 east (toward beverly). we are exactly 2 miles east of route 128. see general google map of the area.  
convenient to boston; north and northeast of boston; and southern new hampshire.  
less than 30 minutes from gloucester/cape ann, and from many locations on the north shore.
about an hour's drive from portsmouth, nh and southern maine.  
within 1-1/2 hours of concord, nh; the worcester, ma area; and many locations south of boston.   
about 2 hours from fall river/new bedford, ma areas.  
about 2 hours from the springfield, ma, and hartford, ct areas.  
about 2 hours from cape cod. about 2 hours from martha's vineyard and nantucket, after your swim to the mainland. (jfk has repaired clocks for customers from all 3 of these places)   

 

back to top of page
[home]   [about me]   [repairs]   [policies & privacy]   [contact me]   [links]





 




all content and material on this web site is wholly created and authored by john f. kurdzionak, without the use of any material from other websites, and thus is the property of john f. kurdzionak. permission to download, store, and to print or output pages and pictures from this web site, is granted only to potential customers of john f. kurdzionak clock repair for their personal use. any other reproduction, copying, or other use of this site's content, in whole or in part, by any means, is prohibited.

copyright © 2003-2019 price-less ads tm. all rights reserved.
for technical problems with this site please write to 




webmaster at pricelessads.com

 






