













wollaston lake lodge | catch a memory that lasts a lifetime











































skip to content




 













view today’s weather





inquire now
1-800-328-0628 


search
 

menu
close
















 
fishing


about us


the lodge


plan your trip


fish tails


dates & prices


faq


our best catch


contact us



back to main menu
fishing


fishing overview


boats


fish species


meet our guides






back to main menu
about us


who we are


our team


photo gallery






back to main menu
the lodge


about the lodge


our cabins


dining


wellness






back to main menu
plan your trip


what to bring


how to get here


us guests


fishing in saskatchewan




 



inquire now





instagram
 

facebook
 

youtube
 





 








make an inquiry
interested in going fishin’? fill out the information below and we will give you a call to answer any questions and find out how we can personalize your stay.
"*" indicates required fields

name*


first



last

email*

address



street address


address line 2


city


state / province / region


zip / postal code

afghanistanalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabonaire, sint eustatius and sababosnia and herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybrunei darussalambulgariaburkina fasoburundicabo verdecambodiacamerooncanadacayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacroatiacubacuraçaocyprusczechiacôte d'ivoiredenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaeswatiniethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard island and mcdonald islandsholy seehondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikorea, democratic people's republic ofkorea, republic ofkuwaitkyrgyzstanlao people's democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaomadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnamibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorth macedonianorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestine, state ofpanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarromaniarussian federationrwandaréunionsaint barthélemysaint helena, ascension and tristan da cunhasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint martinsaint pierre and miquelonsaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maartenslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandssouth sudanspainsri lankasudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayenswedenswitzerlandsyria arab republictaiwantajikistantanzania, the united republic ofthailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvalutürkiyeus minor outlying islandsugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited statesuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuelaviet namvirgin islands, britishvirgin islands, u.s.wallis and futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabweåland islands
country


phone number*choose your package

4 days guided fishing (5 days / 5 nights)


8 days guided fishing (9 days / 9 nights)
preferred month of travelselectjunejulyaugustnumber of peopleselect12345678910+type of fish
pike

lake trout

walleye

arctic grayling

canadian grand slam
captchacommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  


























 

 














 









catch a memory
that lasts a lifetime.
 watch full video









wollaston lake, northern saskatchewan, canada


















let the adventure begin
journey into the remote wilderness of northern saskatchewan to our fishing lodge, perched on the edge of world-class freshwater fishery wollaston lake. located just south of the tundra, this 800-square mile body of water is home to some of the largest northern pike and lake trout in the world. whether you’re a baitcaster, spincaster, or fly fisherman, at wollaston lake we guarantee you’ll catch the experience of a lifetime.
learn more






 

 

 







 





 
fishing
get hooked
get out on the lake & into the middle of the action.

cast away








 
boats
escape to the lake
experience smooth sailing on custom lund pro-v boats.

all aboard


















                          “i’ve been going to wollaston lake lodge for 20 years with 30 total trips. from having the best fishing for any of the grand slam, grayling, walleye, lake trout and trophy northern pike, to facilities, equipment and their real gem is the people. mike and judy lembke know how to lead their staff to separate wll from anyone in that field.”                        


 bgottsch, elkhorn, ne







                          “wollaston lake lodge is a five star fishing resort with all the amenities to allow you to fish all day and relax in the evenings. while it is a remote location, the wollaston team has figured out a very efficient method of getting you to and from the lake. the lake is teeming with fish and the guides know how to find them. the fly-outs offered on the lake keep things exciting and ever-changing. you have to try this place out!”                        


 dennis t59, tempe, az







                          “from the owners to the dock hands the staff is unfailingly polite, helpful, and considerate. the food and service is outstanding, and the coffee delivery to your room is always on time and hot! couldn’t ask for anything more.”                        


 kujawa, milwaukee, wi







                          “mike and team let you know they want you to be there and do everything in their power to make you happy. no request seems unimportant or left undone. the guides’ vast experience pays off by getting big fish in the boat for both the seasoned and novice angler. we went as an extended family group and had a truly remarkable experience! special thanks to our guides trent, derek and jeff – you guys are the best! can’t wait to come back.”                        


 farmerkell, the plains, va








 previous slide


 next slide









start dreaming
download our brochure and start planning the adventure of a lifetime.

download













subscribe to our reel times newsletter.

subscribe
















wollaston lake lodge
toll free: 1.800.328.0628 
            fax: 1.306.668.1064

contact us
read orvis reviews





fishing overview
boats
who we are
about the lodge
fish tails
 



what to bring
how to get here
dates & prices
faq
blog







instagram
 

facebook
 

youtube
 



















            copyright © 2025 wollaston lake lodge all rights
            reserved.
          



privacy policy
website by leapxd
 







site search
start typing and hit return to search. press escape to close search window.







search
search for:


search
 








































