



richland marine - johnstown, pa



















            huge savings on lowe boat packages, with rebates ranging from $500 to $5,000!act fast, deals end march 31st!
       














                            menu
                        




















home


hours






                                                        monday — friday
                                                    

                                                        10:00am to 5:00pm
                                                    



                                                        saturday
                                                    

                                                        10:00am to 1:00pm
                                                    



                                                        sunday
                                                    

closed









boats






on sale


pre-owned


lowe
                                                            boats








motors







                                                            pre-owned
                                                        


manufacturers







                                                                                    evinrude
                                                                                



                                                                                    mercury
                                                                                



                                                                                    minn-kota
                                                                                



                                                                                    motorguide
                                                                                




















other






pre-owned













                                814-266-6633
                            



                                    contact us
                                







































                                        we are open for full sales and service!
                                    









                                                    new boats
                                                



                                                    pre-owned boats
                                                














































 
competent and compassionate staff
we are very patient and cooperative with our customers, and our reputation for excellent customer service holds strong.



 
unmatched experience and training
our techs are accustomed to working through difficult, isolated issues, working with motor and boat manufacturers in the process.



 
family-owned and operated
for the most natural, personal experience, our business operates with the customer in mind, rather than the corporation itself.



 
award-winning service and flexibility
our customer service and repair departments have received multiple awards, including the csi boat dealer award.



















                                    our technicians are comprehensively re-certified each year to keep current with the rapidly changing technology of today’s boating industry. we offer service, pick-up, delivery, storage, and insurance estimates. we accommodate the vast majority of boating enthusiasts, with products manufactured by lowe and mercury outboard motors.
                                





















  





browse our wide assortment of marine equipment
 we carry trailers from yachtclub and hoosier, and electric trolling motors by minn-kota and motorguide. stop by our location in johnstown, pa, and browse the wide assortment of marine accessories in our showroom. we are also minnkota and motorguide service centers for all your warranty and repair needs. 















about us




contact






richlandmarine@gmail.com
star







1321 eisenhower blvd.johnstown, pa  15904



©
                     glendale marina inc. dba richland marine

(kudos to medium_rare)







 






















 
