








home - 1867 confederation log and timber frame





































































get our 10 steps to the perfect log or timber frame homelearn howinfo@confederationloghomes.com877-462-5647galleryfloor planshow it worksgetting started worksheetcontact usemail us877-462-5647galleryfloor planstalk to us

menugalleryfloor planshow it worksabout usgetting started worksheet contact


bring your dream home to reality with confederationview the gallerythe cedarhurstif you’re looking for a show-stopping log home that will keep you in awe every time you pull into the driveway, look no further than the cedarhurst floor plan.see insidethe great escapethe moment you pull up to this log and timber retreat, it’s clear this is no ordinary home. a towering timber truss entryway supported by square posts sets the stage for what is to come.see insidethe cricket creeka dream for multi-generational living or vacationing, the back split cottage essentially functions as two homes in one, with nearly 2,000 square feet on the main floor and making full use of the walkout basement.see inside
as featured inall you need to get startedis a dreama space for everyone to gather.the warmth of wood and the welcome of a vaulted ceiling.a place for you to get away from it all in peace and tranquility.nestled in trees and rocks, near water.these are the dreamsthat inspire our log and timber frame homes.whether you’re building a cottage or a year-round home…confederation’s team of expert designers will work with you to turn dreams into plans and details into blueprints.we’ll then cut every white pine log by hand. we’ll craft every post, beam, or timber frame accent. then we’ll deliver everything you need to build your beautiful log home.see how it workschoose a custom log, timber frame, or hybrid homekeep it traditional, or add contemporary elements. this is your chance to build the home you really want.  simply tell us what you have in mind. our designers will guide you to the best decisions for your lifestyle and budget.log homesyour custom log home can be sprawling and luxurious, or cozy and rustic. this type of confederation home truly showcases the beauty of our white pine logshybrid homesget the visual impact of timber frame inside or outside. this hybrid log home style features decorative timber beams. add style while staying within your budget.timber frame homesmaximize the dramatic impact of your home when you build a true timber frame. also known as post and beam, this style features structural timber beams that connect to log posts.see what’s right for youview the gallery“we can not say enough about matt, your designer and his attention to detail. he was very conscientious of things that we were not even considering.monika & sergeget inspired in the galleryuse our designs as a springboard for your own creativity. blend features from different plans you’ll find in the gallery.  the options are almost unlimited, and with help from confederation designers you can create a home that’s made just for you.silverbirchan easy-flowing layout with effortless access to the outdoors and tons of windows for unobstructed views and plenty of natural light.view detailsthe cranbrook2,051 square-foot home that’s made for casual entertainingview detailsthe cedarhurstwith an abundance of bedrooms and living space the cedarhurst is designed as an inviting retreat you can enjoy comfortably with all of your friends and family.view detailsthe hillcrest1168 sq. ft. main floor, 806 sq. ft. upstairs. can also be designed as a walkout, with a finished basement.view detailsthe great escapethe ultimate in mountain or lakeside living, maximizing views and delivering casual spaces for entertaining inside and out.view detailsbeaver runa classic log cabin, the beaver run is a traditional design that stands the test of time. so it’s no wonder this plan is a confederation favorite.view details“our cottage is very personalized to us – something that we couldn’t have done with a standardized package. and most importantly – you offered us all of that within our budget – something your competitors couldn’t match.john & dorothybrowse our galleryguaranteed to last longer50-year warrantyother custom log and timber frame homes are only guaranteed for up to 25 years. our warranty covers everything we manufacture for half a century.confederation homes stand the test of time.it doesn’t matter if you sell. our guarantee stays with our product, covering you and for anyone else lucky enough to live in your confederation home.start yourdream home adventurewith confederationsince 1979, we’ve been helping people like you build custom log and timber frame homes.we’re a family business, passed from a father to his sons. each of us has custom designed our log and timber frame homes for our families.we treat our customers like family, too. at every step, we’re just a phone call away, ready to help you get closer to the dream.learn about us“there was a trust factor right away. it was such a good feeling. you know these people are with you, and want to help you achieve your dreams.monika & serge gazzola kirkfield, ontariopay us a visit1867 confederation log & timber framep.o. box 9, bobcaygeon, ontario,canada, k0m 1a0click here for driving directionsmore infoblogabout usbook an appointmentprivacy policyresourcesgetting started worksheetessential guideprice calculatorplan of the month clubget a quote (upload your plan)connect© 2022 confederation log & timber frame 








chevron-leftchevron-rightfacebookcaret-downcircleyoutube-playinstagrampinterest-pchevron-leftchevron-right







coner-bracket-top-lftcorner-bracket-btm-lft-bcorner-bracket-btm-rght-bcorner-bracket-btm-rghtcorner-bracket-top-rghthouse-dreamhouse-heartpages








call now button











