



 



lilin – hd ip cctv dvr






























 

















 

about

about lilin
contact us
our commitment to your privacy


product

view our products
short product guides


news

news
case studies


support

bandwidth and storage calculator
technical support
search knowledge base
support forms


resources

lilin demonstration room
videos
downloads


partners

technology partners
where to buy


menu:about- about lilin- contact us- our commitment to your privacyproduct- view our products- short product guidesnews- news- case studiessupport- bandwidth and storage calculator- technical support- search knowledge base- support formsresources- lilin demonstration room- videos- downloadspartners- technology partners- where to buy 












live lpr demonstration from ise 2019!
ian leroux, product manager, offers a live demonstration of our new license plate recognition (lpr) camera, working in conjunction with our nvr and control system.







lilin demonstrate deep integration at ise 2019
product manager; ian leroux, demonstrates the deep integration that is only available through the lilin product range at ise 2019.







surveillance for custom install 2019 training dates
lilin will be hosting their award-winning training course quarterly in 2019; details inside:







lilin uk announce new ceo
lilin uk announce the promotion of steve liddiard to ceo







introducing the new 4k 32 channel nvr 
the new nvr 5 series, the most powerful nvr in the market to date.







say hello to the new ir ptz
the psr5024 is a 1080p full hd ptz ip camera capable of streaming video up to 60fps with 150m ir...







brighton hove & sussex sixth form college
lilin provide upgrade to existing surveillance system in order to maintain the security of the campus.







seamill hydro family hotel
lilin’s ip video products the perfect solution for luxury hotel and family resort.







cedia awards winner 2017
surveillance for custom install; now officially the best training course in the ci channel...







lilin company profile
find out about lilin - from its early development, to becoming amongst the worlds’ leading manufacturers in the advanced ip video surveillance industry.






 



 









 


 

download our price lists
for trade pricing information enter your details:

 











name


your email



contact phone no.


country


 company name


 website










contact technical support
to contact our technical support team please sign in.
click here to raise a ticket
click here to access the knowledge base
 




sign up for our newsletter
for the latest in interesting news and offers!

 











name


your email



contact phone no.


country


 company name




sign up







 









latest tweets tweets by @uklilin

  




facebook 


  




recent news


lilin uk appoint new security distributor
january 2, 2024


case study: jersey war tunnels
july 4, 2023


e series product range
september 30, 2022


edgeai camera range
september 30, 2022


lilin uk & oneav partnership
september 14, 2022


  






© copyright - lilin uk 2021
















































