


your online prayer chapel











.comment-link {margin-left:.6em;}




















your online prayer chapel

come pray with us  --  in jesus name  --  god answers prayerthe effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much. - james 5:16b



accept the love of jesus



our ministry
the rector's biography
one rector's opinions




the efforts of the rector have been directed away from this blog, posting will be infrequent. 





favorite posts 
the deal is on
pray
christian balance
give happy
the chess game
wait on the lord
wwjd
of dreams, goals, and plans
world of sin
decently and in order
walking with jesus
evolution & intelligent design & devolution
do unto others
grace
complicit simplicity - hackers end game
fighting god
our ignorance
religious freedom
mores versus absolutes
heaven and hell
opinions page
obey your rulers 
downloads and links
school of theology
donate to the chapel










moving on to uruguay missions
keepin up with junior partner ministries
hearing god's voice
continuing daily with one accord
the love of money
big tent christianity
no place for arrogance
"leave the theology to the theologian"
unexpected turns
love one another







march 2005

april 2005

may 2005

june 2005

july 2005

august 2005

september 2005

october 2005

november 2005

december 2005

january 2006

february 2006

march 2006

april 2006

may 2006

june 2006

july 2006

august 2006

september 2006

october 2006

november 2006

july 2008

december 2011








tuesday, december 27, 2011




                      	 moving on to uruguay missions
	                       


until i get settled in for my uruguay mission there will be little happening with junior partner ministries. our giving ministry, in support of ministries and needs the holy spirit points out, will soon resume. please continue to hold us in your prayers.love and blessings,god's steward,allanps: we pray over every request we receive, but only respond and give as lead.labels: follow jesus christ, holy spirit leading, love for the lost, ministry, punte del este, sharing christ's love, uruguay, uruguay missions

posted by bfuniv | 11:01 am
 




thursday, july 17, 2008




                      	 keepin up with junior partner ministries
	                       


join us on wednesday nights in an evening of prayer for missionaries and new church outlets. even a few minutes can change the world, an hour each week can change your own life. don't worry about timing it to match our time zone - god is more than able to compile our united prayer and direct our thoughts. remember - this is the god of all creation, we are made in his image, not he in our image with our limitations.god understands everything from galaxies within multiple dimensions to muons and their sub-particles. he can certainly help you live your life in a better way for you - your family - your congregation - and all. our combined prayers create positive change.i quit posting here a long time ago, other projects required more of my attention - including my retirement. i have created many squidoo lenses over the last couple of years, some of which will be of interest to you.bible based giving is a recent re-write of a favorite bible study, and a good example of how squidoo can be used. other lenses are a balanced perspective of violence and religion, and one on discovering junior partner ministries.squidoo has more tools than a blog, and each entry grows in readership over time, instead of disappearing into the archives. i've tried various archiving methods on other blogs, but with few exceptions, older post just sit there unread. if you want to try squidoo too, there will be a link on my "lens."it does take more time to build a quality squidoo page, but over time readership increases. it is fairly easy to find and improve what i've written, something that rarely happens to these journal posts.here is the new style i'm going to test for a while. i have a central squidoo lens that lists what i've written there. at the top of the page i will list my most recent pages, the others will be grouped by category. if you want to treat it like a blog, just look at the most recent entries.if you find something interesting, say about education, scroll down to the education module and find more on the subject. i will be playing with the format - over the next few months it may change occasionally.go take a look..labels: a basis for hope, bible based giving, war and religion

posted by bfuniv | 9:50 am
 




saturday, november 11, 2006




                      	 hearing god's voice
	                       


and he said, go forth, and stand upon the mount before the lord. and, behold, the lord passed by, and a great and strong wind rent the mountains, and brake in pieces the rocks before the lord; but the lord was not in the wind: and after the wind an earthquake; but the lord was not in the earthquake: and after the earthquake a fire; but the lord was not in the fire: and after the fire a still small voice.and it was so, when elijah heard it, that he wrapped his face in his mantle, and went out, and stood in the entering in of the cave. and, behold, there came a voice unto him, and said, what doest thou here, elijah?- 1 kings 19:11-13george muller followed some set steps when he was seeking god's voice, they are worth reviewing.combine that with what a long time preacher told me about smith wigglesworth. he remembered wigglesworth striding back and forth across the stage, and at each end of the stage proclaiming "faith is an act."if you are not sure if it is god talking i can give you this bit of advice - if it really important you will know!how about those times it seems like god's leading?follow mullers advice.once that is done it is time to move in faith. start moving as god directs, if you are listening to that pizza you had for lunch; have faith in god that he will correct you.we learn to recognize god's voice by reading scripture. we become more sensitive to his voice as we continue to listen to him and follow him.god knows you well, he knows when he can count on you. you will learn that he is leading and become a more dependable tool for god as you continue to follow.god loves you more than you love yourself. god has much more knowledge and wisdom than you do. to do what is best for you, for the kingdom of god, and for others:study god's wordlisten when he speaksact on his directions.

posted by bfuniv | 10:56 am
 




thursday, october 26, 2006



                      	 
                      	 continuing daily with one accord
	                       
                          

.joel 2 blow ye the trumpet in zion, and sound an alarm in my holy mountain: let all the inhabitants of the land tremble: for the day of the lord cometh, for it is nigh at hand;   a day of darkness and of gloominess, a day of clouds and of thick darkness, as the morning spread upon the mountains: a great people and a strong; there hath not been ever the like, neither shall be any more after it, even to the years of many generations.   a fire devoureth before them; and behind them a flame burneth: the land is as the garden of eden before them, and behind them a desolate wilderness; yea, and nothing shall escape them.   the appearance of them is as the appearance of horses; and as horsemen, so shall they run.   like the noise of chariots on the tops of mountains shall they leap, like the noise of a flame of fire that devoureth the stubble, as a strong people set in battle array.   before their face the people shall be much pained: all faces shall gather blackness.   they shall run like mighty men; they shall climb the wall like men of war; and they shall march every one on his ways, and they shall not break their ranks: neither shall one thrust another; they shall walk every one in his path: and when they fall upon the sword, they shall not be wounded. they shall run to and fro in the city; they shall run upon the wall, they shall climb up upon the houses; they shall enter in at the windows like a thief.   the earth shall quake before them; the heavens shall tremble: the sun and the moon shall be dark, and the stars shall withdraw their shining:   and the lord shall utter his voice before his army: for his camp is very great: for he is strong that executeth his word: for the day of the lord is great and very terrible; and who can abide it?   therefore also now, saith the lord, turn ye even to me with all your heart, and with fasting, and with weeping, and with mourning:   and rend your heart, and not your garments, and turn unto the lord your god: for he is gracious and merciful, slow to anger, and of great kindness, and repenteth him of the evil.   who knoweth if he will return and repent, and leave a blessing behind him; even a meat offering and a drink offering unto the lord your god?   blow the trumpet in zion, sanctify a fast, call a solemn assembly:   gather the people, sanctify the congregation, assemble the elders, gather the children, and those that suck the breasts: let the bridegroom go forth of his chamber, and the bride out of her closet.   let the priests, the ministers of the lord, weep between the porch and the altar, and let them say, spare thy people, o lord, and give not thine heritage to reproach, that the heathen should rule over them: wherefore should they say among the people, where is their god?   then will the lord be jealous for his land, and pity his people.   yea, the lord will answer and say unto his people, behold, i will send you corn, and wine, and oil, and ye shall be satisfied therewith: and i will no more make you a reproach among the heathen:   but i will remove far off from you the northern army, and will drive him into a land barren and desolate, with his face toward the east sea, and his hinder part toward the utmost sea, and his stink shall come up, and his ill savour shall come up, because he hath done great things.   fear not, o land; be glad and rejoice: for the lord will do great things.   be not afraid, ye beasts of the field: for the pastures of the wilderness do spring, for the tree beareth her fruit, the fig tree and the vine do yield their strength.   be glad then, ye children of zion, and rejoice in the lord your god: for he hath given you the former rain moderately, and he will cause to come down for you the rain, the former rain, and the latter rain in the first month.   and the floors shall be full of wheat, and the vats shall overflow with wine and oil.   and i will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten, the cankerworm, and the caterpiller, and the palmerworm, my great army which i sent among you.   and ye shall eat in plenty, and be satisfied, and praise the name of the lord your god, that hath dealt wondrously with you: and my people shall never be ashamed.   and ye shall know that i am in the midst of israel, and that i am the lord your god, and none else: and my people shall never be ashamed.   and it shall come to pass afterward, that i will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions:   and also upon the servants and upon the handmaids in those days will i pour out my spirit.   and i will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth, blood, and fire, and pillars of smoke.   the sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before the great and terrible day of the lord come.   and it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the lord shall be delivered: for in mount zion and in jerusalem shall be deliverance, as the lord hath said, and in the remnant whom the lord shall call.  acts 2 and when the day of pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place.   and suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting.   and there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them.   and they were all filled with the holy ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the spirit gave them utterance.   and there were dwelling at jerusalem jews, devout men, out of every nation under heaven.   now when this was noised abroad, the multitude came together, and were confounded, because that every man heard them speak in his own language.   and they were all amazed and marvelled, saying one to another, behold, are not all these which speak galilaeans?   and how hear we every man in our own tongue, wherein we were born?   parthians, and medes, and elamites, and the dwellers in mesopotamia, and in judaea, and cappadocia, in pontus, and asia,   phrygia, and pamphylia, in egypt, and in the parts of libya about cyrene, and strangers of rome, jews and proselytes,   cretes and arabians, we do hear them speak in our tongues the wonderful works of god.   and they were all amazed, and were in doubt, saying one to another, what meaneth this?   others mocking said, these men are full of new wine.   but peter, standing up with the eleven, lifted up his voice, and said unto them, ye men of judaea, and all ye that dwell at jerusalem, be this known unto you, and hearken to my words:   for these are not drunken, as ye suppose, seeing it is but the third hour of the day.   but this is that which was spoken by the prophet joel;   and it shall come to pass in the last days, saith god, i will pour out of my spirit upon all flesh: and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams:   and on my servants and on my handmaidens i will pour out in those days of my spirit; and they shall prophesy:   and i will shew wonders in heaven above, and signs in the earth beneath; blood, and fire, and vapour of smoke:   the sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before the great and notable day of the lord come:   and it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the lord shall be saved.   ye men of israel, hear these words; jesus of nazareth, a man approved of god among you by miracles and wonders and signs, which god did by him in the midst of you, as ye yourselves also know:   him, being delivered by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of god, ye have taken, and by wicked hands have crucified and slain:   whom god hath raised up, having loosed the pains of death: because it was not possible that he should be holden of it.   for david speaketh concerning him, i foresaw the lord always before my face, for he is on my right hand, that i should not be moved:   therefore did my heart rejoice, and my tongue was glad; moreover also my flesh shall rest in hope:   because thou wilt not leave my soul in hell, neither wilt thou suffer thine holy one to see corruption.   thou hast made known to me the ways of life; thou shalt make me full of joy with thy countenance.   men and brethren, let me freely speak unto you of the patriarch david, that he is both dead and buried, and his sepulchre is with us unto this day.   therefore being a prophet, and knowing that god had sworn with an oath to him, that of the fruit of his loins, according to the flesh, he would raise up christ to sit on his throne;   he seeing this before spake of the resurrection of christ, that his soul was not left in hell, neither his flesh did see corruption.   this jesus hath god raised up, whereof we all are witnesses.   therefore being by the right hand of god exalted, and having received of the father the promise of the holy ghost, he hath shed forth this, which ye now see and hear.   for david is not ascended into the heavens: but he saith himself, the lord said unto my lord, sit thou on my right hand,   until i make thy foes thy footstool.   therefore let all the house of israel know assuredly, that god hath made the same jesus, whom ye have crucified, both lord and christ.   now when they heard this, they were pricked in their heart, and said unto peter and to the rest of the apostles, men and brethren, what shall we do?   then peter said unto them, repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of jesus christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the holy ghost.   for the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the lord our god shall call.   and with many other words did he testify and exhort, saying, save yourselves from this untoward generation.   then they that gladly received his word were baptized: and the same day there were added unto them about three thousand souls.   and they continued stedfastly in the apostles' doctrine and fellowship, and in breaking of bread, and in prayers.   and fear came upon every soul: and many wonders and signs were done by the apostles.   and all that believed were together, and had all things common;   and sold their possessions and goods, and parted them to all men, as every man had need.   and they, continuing daily with one accord in the temple, and breaking bread from house to house, did eat their meat with gladness and singleness of heart,   praising god, and having favour with all the people. and the lord added to the church daily such as should be saved. .

posted by bfuniv | 11:47 pm
 




monday, october 16, 2006




                      	 the love of money
	                       


there is more confusion and unease about money than about a score of more important topics.i am writing an e-book about honest investment rules. just thinking in the secular realm bothers some people. to think about money and how to increase it is "a topic not appropriate for christians."click the link in the title if you want a biblical explanation of gifts and tithes, -- and money.here is a way to ease some of the confusion caused by society's influences on the church. the introduction to my book:introduction money is a tool – nothing more.  if you don't have any money there are a lot of things you will not be able to do.    if you make a lot of money, you can help yourself, your family, people that are important to you, and society at large.  if you don't have money you will have to hope others will help you. it is the love of money that is the root of all evil – not the money itself. both poor and rich can be trapped by love of money.  money is a neutral tool - like a crowbar. some people will use it to open things – others will drop it on their toes. your first step in successful investment is to decide if you want to make enough money to have personal freedom of choice.    if you do not want to be rich because you have been taught that money is evil and the people that have money are evil – you will subconsciously sabotage your own efforts to create wealth.    money is just a tool..labels: biblical giving, biblical stewardship, managing your money

posted by bfuniv | 12:43 pm
 




friday, october 06, 2006




                      	 big tent christianity
	                       


i guess there are two ways to take that title.in essence christianity is a religion of tent evangelists. in essence christianity leaves room for many viewpoints under a big tent.christianity is a blanket description of those that have chosen to have a relationship with god, based not on their religiousness but on accepting god's offer of adoption.the old saying is if you find the perfect church, don't join it - you'll ruin it. for the same reason you can not approach a perfect god in other than a perfect condition.god is perfect, for us to approach him we must either be perfect ourselves, or had our many imperfections washed clean by a perfect sacrifice.  jesus christ offered that perfect sacrifice to allow us to approach him, and then be adopted into his family.that is the essence that defines a christian, they have acknowledged the sacrifice made by god and on that basis approach him to join his family.christians come from all sorts of backgrounds, hold all sorts of conflicting ideas on all sorts of subjects, and are united first by god's actions, then theirs.god took the initiative.christians are those who moved to responded to god's offer.christianity is based on individual choice, not group dynamics. as adopted members of god's family christians have become citizens of god's realm. assigned as short term ambassadors, christians represent the kingdom of god here on earth - and perform ambassadorial functions as directed by their head of state -- the resurrected jesus christ.christianity has room for all sorts of folks with varying opinions about general life issues. we are a family with each member an individual. what unites us is sacrificial love.we must let that love overcome our immaturities and petty squabbles, and realize that the eternal is to be our focus. to be true ambassadorial representatives of heaven, we must not "go native" on earth.our opinions will all fit under the big tent of god's love, but we must not let the temporal distract us from eternal duty. if your life is dedicated to divisive earthly pursuits - perhaps you never made that walk down the big tent's center isle to approach the living god.in which case - quit calling yourself a christian.or come to god now on the basis of your error, and his sacrifice to atone for all of your sins.he is willing to pledge to you just as you must pledge to him.ambassador..

posted by bfuniv | 4:10 am
 




friday, september 29, 2006



                      	 
                      	 no place for arrogance
	                       
                          

the enemies of the cross have enough arrogance for all of us.mankind as a whole is ignorant. we flaunt our small pieces of knowledge like a child whistling through the graveyard.  by delving into specialties we learn of processes and terminology that those people outside of our social enclave are unfamiliar with.while this can make us feel superior, it just demonstrates the limits of our individual knowledge, a few snatches of math or vocabulary can set us apart.into this dark world of self inflated egos we now thrust the light of the simple good news.god is smarter than we are, god is wiser than we are, god loves us more than we love ourselves.  knowing just this we can demonstrate the start of wisdom by coming to god and asking him to guide us.god's love has already provided a route into his presence - through his willing sacrifice made to purchase our adoption into his family. jesus christ died for the punishment our actions, my actions, your actions, have deserved.all we have to do now is decide to accept his sacrificial payment and ask god to direct us as we walk this life - and then follow his direction.those that account themselves as mighty, wealthy, and learned may find this repulsive. they would have to admit that the small differentiation they think sets them apart is really of small or no consequence.  they would rather be blind to truth than shed the arrogance that covers their eyes.the second thing you can do to understand your relationship to god is read the four gospels at the start of the new testament and the book of the acts of the apostles  - also within the bible. you will discover god's plan, how to act, and start to understand how great a wisdom has been made available to you.father god,we ask that you remove any blinders we have self installed that limit our vision.lord we will read the bible so that we may come to recognize your voice - knowing your word is both love and truth. guide us to the truth. forgive us of our many shortcomings - and of our tendency to dwell on the small differences that set us apart from our brothers.we ask that we be guided by your love and wisdom within our whole life, and that we may be wise enough to share your love with others.in the name of jesus christ we ask - knowing we will receive your blessing..

posted by bfuniv | 5:25 am
 








if you like this website, please recommend it to a friend

bastiat free university, bfu; home of our school of theology
love
to add a junior partner ministries virtual church  rss/atom feed to your on demand 24/7 rss reader; copy and paste this link:  http://jrpm.blogspot.com/atom.xml
bfu & school of theology updates


starting your own business, is this worth investigating?
 

		  		








