










home - vestavia hills chamber of commerce























































 





















skip to content









shop local guide




































 
members join now! member login business directory benefits member job postings chamber champions trusteesabout about us board of directors staff ambassadors get involved annual report strategic plan contact usshop. dine. play. vestavia hills shares card special offers/hot deals districts shop dine play pigs shop dine playevents & news events subscribe to the calendar ways to give back news & views community news notices & press releases email signupvestavia hills foundation and viva vestavia hills area info community partners with pto business resources how taxes work emergency preparedness community contactsliving locally churches community contacts education how taxes work parks & recreation real estate volunteer opportunities vestavia hills living magazine








 







 





vestavia hills
chamber of commerce






a life above









member login











join today











email signup































see our other member benefits
visit our benefits page to learn more now!





click here















 
 

2024-2025 vestavia hills living
view here
 





































mission statement











the vestavia hills chamber of commerce is an organization whose purpose is to serve and promote members and, together with community partners, advance the economic, civic, and educational environment of vestavia hills.
 
 











vision statement











the chamber of commerce is the essential business champion and community builder for vestavia hills – the southeast’s leading community for creativity, innovation, and economic vitality.























testimonials













"i have absolutely loved my time with the vestavia hills chamber of commerce. the chamber is a wonderful organization that brings together stakeholders from all parts of the vestavia community. residents, business owners, non-profit professionals, and civic leaders all come together through the chamber and work hard to improve the quality of life of our city. it is such a great organization, filled with such wonderful and kind people. as a proud resident of vestavia and chamber member, i cannot say enough good things about the vestavia hills chamber of commerce."derek chenchen law, llc 

"what makes me the happiest about working with the chamber is all of the local opportunities available for us to be apart of. we have directly seen how more people recognize our brand from being apart of the chamber. the main reason we joined was to actively engage in our local community and form valuable business relationships. thank you to each one of you for taking the time and providing countless resources to promote our brand new business this year. we are proud to be apart of the vestavia hills chamber of commerce."molly kate hudson jeremiah's italian ice of vestavia hills  

as a young but growing non-profit organization, the chamber welcomed us with open arms and provides us with many opportunities to participate in a way that fits our budget and schedule. we appreciate having knowledge of and access to a network of businesses that want to support their local community.the communities.we believe the chamber has assisted with a higher level of recognition in the community! we joined because, we wanted to connect with others in the community and to better understand and use the community resources. we really applaud the vestavia chamber of commerce for its outreach and communication-top notch!kelly schaeffer 

the chamber is a very active group.  i joined the chamber to gain contacts and grown my business.  i love all the events and great opportunites for networking!john hindssweet home group 

the community support is outstanding. i love all the events they sponsor! they have given me the  ability to attend great networking opportunities. i wanted to join the chamber to be more involved with my community and have the opportunity to give back! kathryndorlon 

there are opportunities almost every week to build my personas brand and promote my company. being able to participate in a recent lunch and learn event has helped put general informatics on the map as an established it and cybersecurity leader in the community.the main reason we joined the chamber was to meet other businesses, make friends, and to help all businesses grow their business.andrew burke 

working with the vhcc has given us the opportunity to get involved with more community events. since joining the vhcc, we have been able to increase the number of marketing and networking events we participate in each year. we have also experienced an increase in exposure and brand awareness for our facility simply by participating in the various opportunities presented by the chamber. we joined the chamber for more marketing and networking opportunities.angela frisina  

we love the support and promotion the chamber gives local businesses! we joined the chamber because of the great network of vestavia businesses and take advantage of all of the opportunities, events, promotions, and support that the chamber provides.amanda thames 

getting the opportunity to not only talk about my business with other folks, but having the opportunity to help others showcase their businesses as well. it is nice being able to help other business minded people show the world what they do. because of joining the  chamber  we have had more luncheon deliveries in the vestavia civic center. knowing more faces and being familiar with others outside of just chamber events since that connection was established. the opportunity to work within a business minded organization. and of course to utilize the platform that the chamber offers to continue to promote our company's legacy in the surrounding communities.alex bouloukos 

the chamber’s focus on fostering connections between businesses and community members is truly fulfilling. the collaborative spirit and the dedication to supporting one another create a vibrant and dynamic environment. being part of that community and witnessing the positive changes and initiatives that come from it is incredibly gratifying. overall, the sense of community, the positive impact on local businesses, and the opportunity to help facilitate connections are some of the key aspects that have brought the most joy in working with the vestavia hills chamber of commerce. ira innovations has experienced enhanced local visibility, increased community engagement, and networking. the main reason we joined the chamber was for networking!christina babineaux 

the best thing about working with the vestavia hills chamber of commerce is the fellowship and networking.  we have noticed more local support from joining the chamber.  i am a vestavia resident, vestavia business owner and believe in being part of the local community. vasilios tsantes 

we are very grateful for how the chamber keeps us up-to-date with current and upcoming events in the community. as new business owners not originally from the area, without the chamber we would struggle to stay in the loop! because of our involvement with the chamber, our business is better connected within the vestavia hill community. we joined the chamber to become more engaged with the community to help our business grow and to support other local businesses.frankie and elizabeth jones   

consistent support of small business (especially small retail) and creative ways to engage followers and point them to small business! we've seen sales attributed to shares card, bingo, social media posts and other efforts to point customers to small business! we joined the chamber to support our vh chamber and small business as a whole!bryson kessler   

the chamber really does care about the businesses that make up its body. the connections have been great, and its nice being able to work with other businesses that care about the city. direct referral business has went up, and word of mouth marketing has definitely increased. honestly, it was for an increased online presence, and business connections. however, the vestavia chamber goes above and beyond. feeling so cared about, made us care so much about this city that we want to sponsor events and contribute to the good of the city, rather than just receive.dylan horton   


























what's new
























new members

















upcoming events

















ribbon cuttings








chopt creative salad co. | 1/26/2024 we celebrated the 2 year anniversary of chopt creative salad co. with a ribbon cutting. go check out their yummy lunch or dinner options! we wish them many more wonderful years in vestavia hills!  

south mountain dental care | 1/31/2024 we officially cut the ribbon on south mountain dental care! they are such a fun group! we are so happy they are apart of all the new businesses going to liberty park! go check them out, and see all of the progress out there! 

clear water pools | 2/2/2024 we cut the ribbon on clearwater pools! we are so excited for this company to be open! they are located at 4704 cahaba river rd. they offer all of your pool services and have wonderful selections for pool accessories, toys, and also a very cute boutique! go check them out! 

bernhard engineering | 2/15/2024we had a great time at the bernhard open house and ribbon cutting. they are an engineering and contracting firm located here in vestavia hills! they have a great space located in the 400 building on vestavia parkway. welcome to vestavia hills!  

the great greek mediterranean grill | 3/1/2024the great greek mediterranean grill is offically open! we celebrated with them at their ribbon cutting and it was so yummy. if you haven’t been yet go and try some awesome greek food. we are so excited for this new restaurant option at the vestavia city center. we reccommend the feta fries if you want a delicious snack or side!  

battle republic | 3/7/2024we had a great time celebrating with battle republic! we are so happy they joined the chamber, and we can’t wait for them to get involved. go check them out for a fun workout experience! 

new day car wash | 3/8/2024we got to celebrate with new day car wash as they had their grand opening! it was so fun getting to support them while they were doing a fundraiser for another one of our wonderful members, unless u! we are so happy to have new day as a member and we can’t wait to see all of their success! new day car wash is on cahaba river rd across from slice pizza, go check them out! 

birmingham design house | 4/11/2024 welcome to vestavia hills! we are so happy to have you in our community and chamber. they have truly transformed this house into a wonderful office space and great way to show off their expertise! if you haven't seen it go check them out on chestnut st. 

burns, brashier, and johnson l.l.c. | 4/25/2024we loved celebrating with burns, brashier, and johnson at their ribbon cutting! they are located on crosshaven drive in cahaba heights. they have truly transformed this space into a their unique, and beautiful office. welcome to vestavia hills! 

blue lake orthodontics | 5/1/2024welcome to vestavia hills! blue lake orthodontic is officially open! they are located at the corner of cahaba river road and blue lake drive. their office is very beautiful and unique! if you are looking for an orthodontist, check out dr. z! 

the dog nanny grooming salon | 5/21/2024congratulations on 2 years to the dog nanny grooming salon! we are so happy to have felicia and her business in vestavia hills. she specializes in dogs that are difficult to groom or may be anxious in the groomers. she takes dogs one at time and makes them as comfortable as possible! she is located at 220 old towne rd vestavia hills al 35216. 

marky's kitchen | 5/29/2024we officially cut the ribbon on marky's kitchen! we are so excited for this restaurant to be open in the heart of cahaba heights. the cassimus family has an outstanding reputation with their other wonderful restaurants and we are so honored to have marky's in vestavia hills! go check them out, they are open 7 days a week! 

gina falletta state farm | 6/6/2024we loved celebrating with gina falletta and her staff last week at their ribbon cutting. welcome to vestavia hills! we are so glad you chose our city to be your agency's new home. 

dear emmaline | 8/16/2024we celebrated dear emmaline's move to their new location at 628 montgomery highway in the vestavia city center on friday, august 16, 2024! they have a fantastic selection of children's clothing with sizes ranging from newborn to tween, plus accessories and gifts! 

girl scouts dream lab | 8/16/2024we were delighted to join the girl scouts of north-central alabama for the opening of their new dream lab at 600 montgomery hwy, suite 208, in the vestavia city center! an innovative space where girl scouts can explore subjects like computer science, engineering and chemistry, the dream lab is also the largest of it's kind in the country and we're proud they chose our city for it's location! 

talking social | 8/29/2024we welcomed talking social to their new office in vestavia hills at 512 montgomery highway, suite 200! they are the experts to call for small businesses that need help with social media marketing. 




















chamber investors

























kimberly jacksonalabama power company                            












beverly cochranamerica's first federal credit union                            












tommy cannonascension st. vincent's health system                            













ashley wilbanksavadian credit union                            













sandra clevelandbcr wealth strategies, llc                            












ben nevinsb.l. harbert international                            












ginger aaronsbirmingham business journal                            












angie mcewenbutler snow llp                            












chad gaycahaba benefits group                            












dr. vlada groysmancahaba dermatology skin health center                            












dr. darcy schofillcahaba mountain brook animal clinic                            













gerry traviscameron travis & company, cpas                            













jim carnsrepresentative jim carns                            












rian turnercarr, riggs & ingram, cpa                            












david surbercellular sales/verizon wireless                            












douglas deanchildren's of alabama                            












calvin browndog u                            












jonathan handeyeco three                            












donnie dobbinsfirst horizon bank                            













dan bundyfirst us bank                            













frank buckfrank s. buck, p.c.                            












ashley mathewsgrandview medical center                            












charlie nortonharbert realty services                            












steve motehollywood outdoor living                            












michael jacksonjackson, howard & whatley, cpas                            












john henleyjohn henley state farm insurance                            












stan glantzkpr vestavia hills city center                            












jamie pursellleaf & petal                            












mark macoymark w. macoy, llc                            












charles ''chip'' mccallummccallum hoaglund & mccallum, llp                            












jim blackmcdonald's                            












jason freymedical properties trust                            












eric smithmedicare advisors of alabama                            












robin morganmorgan properties                            












todd jacksonnewk's eatery, area catering                            












jared redmannext level avl & on-site productions                            












kerry adkinsontime service                            












maury waldover the mountain journal                            













meredit chisenhallpayroll & benefit solutions                            













scott perryrealtysouth                            












robert davisregions bank                            












dan robertssenator dan roberts                            












lauren conklin trimsentry                             












tommy deramusshades mountain baptist church                            












warren giardinasouthern states bank                            












steve smithsouthpoint bank                            












kelvin johnsonspire                            












tyler kimestandard heating, cooling & plumbing                            












dan starnesstarnes publishing                            













taylor burtontaylor burton company                            













steve vickerytruist                            












sean johnsonunited community bank                            












bill brunsonvestavia hills methodist church                            












jabo waggonersenator j.t "jabo" waggoner                            












beth moodythe welch group                            












stephen allenwilliams blackstock architects, pc                            












dr. mark yanoskyyanosky orthodontics                            





next
previous









 












© 2025 vestavia hills chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












vestavia hills chamber of commerce


















(205) 823-5011 














1090 montgomery hwy  vestavia hills, al 35216 














chamber@vestaviahills.org 










resources











member login
member directory
join the chamber









email signup











stay up to date on local news and events by subscribing to our monthly newsletter.







email signup










socialize
















































 © 

 vestavia hills chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top

















