


	fin














sportchassis  --  american made luxury haulers

























 


models


images


features



dealers


customworks





















inspired by purpose


driven by passion.


find out more







not just another truck


a first-class  work  machine!


discover


							-->
							





innovative design


a commitment to safety!


find out more











sportchassis lineup






purchasing is easier than you might think   -  let's start the conversation with a test drive at one of our official dealerships.




 
lh3
hauler

						platform:     ford
						engine:     6.7l power stroke®
						trans:     torqshift® auto
						curb weight: 9,130 lbs







lh5
hauler

						platform:     freightliner
						engine:     dd8  or  cummins isl
						trans:     allison trv auto
						curb weight:     14,653 lbs
 



 
lh7
hauler

						platform:     freightliner
						engine:     detroit diesel dd13
						trans:     allison trv auto
						curb weight:     15,933 lbs
 



 
p4xl
pickup

						platform:     freightliner
						engine:     dd8  or  cummins isl
						trans:     allison trv auto
						curb weight:     18,352 lbs
 




p2
pickup

						platform:     freightliner
						engine:     dd8  or  cummins isl
						trans:     allison trv auto
						curb weight:     13,339 lbs
 




p2xl
pickup

						platform:     freightliner
						engine:     detroit diesel dd13
						trans:     allison trv auto
						curb weight:     17,152 lbs
 

















about us





our one goal is providing customers with the most comfortable and highest performing  heavy-duty pickup available on the market. 





listen
we are eager to get customer feedback and their ideas for improvement.



learn
processing the insights and needs of our market gives us traction to help you get down to business.



innovate
our truck models are all game changers; but, attention to detail is how we continue to shape the industry.








safety
simply pulling a load is not good enough.  when its really time to stop you'll be glad your in a sportchassis.



comfort
imagine riding on air in a soft quiet interior and arriving at your destination feeling refreshed.



power
our trucks are all custom specked for towing and highway taming.  we offer a powerhouse bigblock capable of producing 1650 ftlb of pure torque!







6
truck models




101
custom options




3,447
trucks on the road









x





image gallery












show all
lh3
lh5
lh7
p2
p2xl
p4xl
editions











lh3
a sportchassis hauler streamlined to fit in your garage.









lh5
step up to the big league, without the need for a cdl endorsement.









lh7
get the power you always wanted. without comprimizing comfort.









p2
a true pickup style hauler. equiped with true sportchassis soul.









p2xl
perhaps the biggest, baddest most eyecatching 2wd ever! a huge eye-magnet designed for the highway.









p4xl
a real head turner! no matter where you go.









offshore edition
grab your boat and head straight to the lake. tricked out for watersport enthusiasts.









onyx edition
loaded with upgrades. ready for business!









custom wheels
american racing wheel upgrade package!in several styles and colors.









hauler upgrades
perhaps your "dream truck" would like to stand out from the crowd?









soft grip
made for wet enviornments. a standard on our offshore edition!









sealed storage
not just watertight... it keeps the dust out too!









powerful sound
dont worry about hiring an audio technician. we already did that too!









xl upgrades
tame the beast... with some good looking options.









rv'ers dream
designed for safe towing. with no comprimizes in comfort!









sensor integration
our lh3 integrates seamsly withthe ford computer system.










ready to start the conversation?





get in touch with a dealer!
-dealer map-









features










• short turning radius with a no-spin rear differential.
• sc ride enhancement package featuring our triple air-ride suspension.
• aircraft grade aluminum body with watertight storage compartments.
• air-ride premium leather seating with seat heat and lumbar adjustment.
• spacious luxury crew cab featuring our power lay down rear sofa.
• multi-media stereo and powerful sound system with optional rear screen.
• no cdl requirement for most models.
• made in the usa!








the chassis
beginning with the cab and chassis, we complete the body with long lasting aluminum, top-notch materials and craftsmanship.  our powertrain is specd to deliver the strength and performance you need to maximize productivity day in and day out.



quiet cab
the sportchassis passive noise reduction system utilizing a noise dampening materials to isolate the cab from its noisy surroundings.  so, sit back, enjoy the ride and stop raising your voice.



luxury interior
a buttery soft plush environment that has been crafted to create a true sports car feel with everything you need to take care of business.  starting with a completely bare interior, we have crafted everything you see in our in-house thermoforming department.




dealer network
we maintain an exclusive network of dealers from coast to coast; so, no matter where you are there is someone near who can help you out of a jam.



friendly support
throughout the life of the vehicle, sportchassis’ number one goal is customer satisfaction. our service, warranty and parts department work tirelessly provide routine services and answer questions about these magnificent machines.



full warranty
every sportchassis carries a standard full warranty that can be serviced and warrantied at any of the north american freightliner service points.









dealer map












take a look at our offshore edition package
"finally a tow vehicle made for the boaters."






























customization and restoration is the main focus in our customworks shop; however, we also offer an 87 point inspection with our annual maintenance routine.  our customworks team works directly with every customer to ensure that their dream truck comes to life!







• world class technicians.
• ease of access, right off i-40
• hands that built your truck
• comfortable lounge to wait
• less than a mile from an rv park.
• vehicle pick-up & drop-off.








customer support
contact one of our world-class customworks advisors about your next appointment or making your vehicle true to you.



customization
where our innovation and your vision come together to create the ultimate version of your sportchassis. explore beyond conventional hauling.



restoration
revive sportchassis legacy with timeless craftsmanship by our most experienced technicians. turning a classic into the future.




accessories
complement your sportchassis and become the ultimate enthusiast for the ultimate truck.



maintenance
providing routine service from our most experienced technicians at your vehicle’s birthplace. a perfect pairing for any customworks experience.



oem parts
enhance your sportchassis to find the perfect fit and best available options to upgrade your vehicle and your life.









contact us





office:
2300 south 13th street
					clinton, oklahoma


phone:
sales  (580)323-4100
					customworks  (580)323-8094


e-mail:
sales @ sportchassis.com
					customworks @ sportchassis.com

















© all right reserved. sportchassis holdings llc
website issues? ---> marketing @ sportchassis.com

employment opportunities
dealership opportunities










































