




sfx youth sports | serving brooklyn youth for over 100 years





























skip to content



sfx youth sports
serving brooklyn youth for over 100 years


menu
home

mission
history of sfx youth sports in brooklyn
faq’s


register
sfx programs

floor hockey
volleyball
coed baseball
basketball
girls softball
brooklyn angels travel softball
tee-ball
sfx huskies travel baseball
soccer
flag football
golf


schedules
fields
gyms
weather hotlines
parent/guardian info

faq’s


rules
contact

faq’s


volunteer
sponsors
 









welcome to sfx youth sports



sfx youth sports is a volunteer-led organization in brooklyn providing sports programs focusing on skills and teamwork. our programs teach fundamental skills while promoting teamwork, good sportsmanship and respect for all. our coaches and leadership follow a set of basic principles, and expect parents and guardians to reinforce these principles on the field.
we have been serving the brooklyn community for over 100 years, expanding our programs every year.































summer baseball camp clinic – co-ed 
sfx youth sports co-ed summer baseball camp is held in prospect park from july 8th through august 23rd for children ages 8 – 14. our clinic camp is run by our travel team instructors, hs coaches and former college players. your child will spend the day playing games in addition to focusing on drills to provide a well rounded experience. general skills include fielding, throwing, catching, hitting, pitching, base-running and situational drills.
questions? doug adams: sfx camp director can be reached at dougmaryadams@aol.com
co-ed ages 8 – 14

9:00am to 3:00 pm at prospect park field #4
$300 per week
sibling discount of 20% per additional child
discount of 15% for registrations of 3 weeks or more.

sfx camp is a weekly camp. 

week 1: july 7th
week 2: july 14th
week 3: july 21st
week 4: july 28th
week 5: august 4th
week 6: august 11th
week 7: august 18th

campers will receive an sfx shirt and cap. 
all campers should bring a water bottle, towel, molded plastic cleats, baseball glove and baseball pants.
sfx youth sports spring baseball, softball, and tball registration is now open!
questions? first, refer to our parent info tab and faqs on our website (https://sfxyouthsports.com/) if you have questions. for further information to the contacts page and contact the appropriate division coordinator.  
divisions
(player age is as of december 31st, 2024)
co-ed baseball

tee ball – 4 years old-$140
pee wee – 6 & under- $190
pony – 8 & under- $200
cub – 10 & under -$215
bantam – 12 & under-$220
super bantam – 13 & under-$230
grasshopper – 15 & under-$240
freshmen – 18 & under-$250

girls softball

rookie – 6 – 8 year olds -$200
mustang – 10 & under -$215
bronco – 12 & under-$220
colt – 15 & under -$240

early registration-$10.00 discount per player-ends 12/15/24
late registration-$30.00 surcharge fee per player-starts 2/1/25

all registered players (non-waitlist) will be placed on a team
teams will be selected in early march
your child’s coach will contact you in mid-march

opening day is april 5th.  season ends approximately – june 16th.  more information to follow in late winter 2024.
sponsor our program.  you can sponsor us using the registration program.  for more information contact john piccard @ john@sfxys.com






























meet sean edgar

sean edgar is the vice president and commissioner of flag football for sfx youth sports. sean grew up in park slope and attended st. francis xavier for grammar school. sean played baseball in our program and ultimately took his skills to st. john’s university where he was a member of the baseball team. sean’s leadership and hard work has been instrumental to the growth of our program over the past ten years.
meet john piccard

the prospect park alliance gave a shout-out to sfx president john piccard in its recent update. visit the prospect park alliance website to read about sfx’s growth the last few years, and find out what john thinks about when he’s not standing on the sidelines.
get involved
sfx is run entirely by volunteers—people like you who offer their time and passion giving back to the community. this approach has allowed us to offer affordable programs for all children for almost 50 years. please consider signing up to volunteer as a coach, assistant coach or at the league level.
thank you,
john piccard
president sfx youth sportsjohn@sfxys.com









search for:




congratulations colts: 2019 nfc east champsbrooklyn angels win fast pitch softball spring ’19every year a new champion




				football champs
				




				volleyball champs
				




				baseball champs
				




				baseball champs
				




sfx sports programs 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
login site admin
 




proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
				theme: big brother by wordpress.com.			






