




 







maltese, shih tzu, papillion & yorkshire terrier puppies for sale, ne at sandhills puppy paws





































































sandhills puppy paws







sandhills puppy paws





(402) 244-5337





home
about us

our guarantee
reviews


our breeds

maltese
papillon
shih-tzu
yorkshire terrier


available now!
shipping/payments
contact us














														maltese												










														papillon												










														shih tzu												










														yorkshire terrier												









registered puppies - private toy breed dog breeders


here at sandhills puppy paws we can provide you with the perfect addition to your family, one of our puppies. our puppies are bred and raised to become loving members of your family, a true joy that awaits you at the door each and every day.
all of our puppies are pure bred and come with a health guarantee. all you have to do is bring them home and provide them with the everlasting love that you’ll get in return. we breed the following, yorkshire terrier, papillon, shih tzu and maltese puppies.
we breed our puppies with the highest quality of standards. if you are looking for an akc puppy breeder, you have come to the right place. not to mention, our puppies are registered, which will prove to you that we only provide the best! up until the time that you adopt one of the puppies, they are part of our family.
we are located in nebraska and are a family owned and operated dog-breeding business. the fact that our puppies are surrounded by family all day ensures that they will be able to adapt quickly to your family and busy lifestyle.
all of our breeds, whether you are looking for a yorkshire terrier, shih tzu or maltese, are fun and entertaining to keep you laughing and smiling all day. we are dedicated to helping you find a perfect companion!
our facility and pens are clean to the highest standard. keeping the dogs’ pens clean allows us to keep the dogs healthy. also, we limit the amount of breeds that we raise giving you the comfort in knowing that with a smaller number of dogs and puppies we are able to tend to each one individually.
if you are located in nebraska, traveling to the area or just exploring your options for the best puppy breeder around, feel free to contact us for more information. we can also set up an appointment for you to stop by and visit our puppies. we work hard to guarantee you with a hassle free experience adopting one of our puppies.







see our new pups


  kinslee f1 – shorkie


  kinslee f2 – shorkie


  paisyn f1


  kinslee f3 – shorkie


  kinslee f4 – shorkie


  kinslee f5 – shorkie


  kinslee m1 – shorkie


  kinslee m2 – shorkie


  kinslee m3 – shorkie


  paisyn m1


  paisyn m2


  paisyn m3


  ivy boy


  ivy f1


  hudson boys









bark up our tree

name*


first



last

email*

phonewhat breed are you interested in?*maltesepapillonshih-tzuyorkshire terrierothermessagewould you like to receive emails from us in the future?*


yes



no
phonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ




sandhills puppy paws





(402) 244-5337


© 2025 sandhills puppy paws. - sitemap








homeabout us

our guaranteereviews back
our breeds

maltesepapillonshih-tzuyorkshire terrier back
available now!shipping/paymentscontact us

				× close panel			





























 
