









join us for sunday worship | rejoice church, owasso, ok 74055






















































918-272-5291
hello@rejoicechurch.com















about

who we are
kids
students
staff
rejoice foundation
frequently asked questions
jobs


events
next steps

first step
rejoice.church
groups
serve
give


initiatives

i love my church


plan a visit
 


select page


  
 
 
















find your place at rejoice

plan a visit







see how god moved in 2024



impact guide 2024

















sunday worship in person or online

 join us this sunday in person at 9:30 or 11:00 am 
view our livestream at 9:30 am





directions



youtube live







next steps

as followers of jesus, we can’t stay where we are. we must be constantly growing in our faith. we have a few next steps for you that will help you grow closer to jesus and develop friendships that will encourage you on your spiritual journey.

take your next step













find community

spending time with other believers is the best way to grow in your faith and find encouragement. we value community because god didn’t make us to do life alone.
find out how you can get involved in our community today! 

find community





serving

god gifts all believers with spiritual gifts and experiences we must use to help build up the church. we have several opportunities where you can use your gifts and fulfill your god-given purpose.
find out how you can use your gifts at rejoice!

volunteer to serve













give online

your financial gifts to rejoice church help us continue on our mission to lead all generations of our neighbors and nations to follow jesus.
click the button to below to make a fast and secure donation. 

give online







watch a service online




catch up on recent messages!







need prayer?it is a privilege for our staff to pray and intercede for our people. you are loved and not alone in any circumstance you face. we believe there is power in prayer and that god hears the cries of his children.





prayer request form








leading all generations of our
neighbors & nations to follow jesus!








leadership
we find joy in reproducing disciples in order to advance the kingdom through the local church.








generations
we find joy in remembering faithfully every season of life from womb to eternity.








neighbors
we find joy in relating intentionally to those in our home and across the street.








nations
we find joy in reaching boldly in those who rarely experience or have never heard the good news of jesus christ.








follow jesus
we find joy in responding obediently to the life-changing call of him on our lives.







plan a visit



 











rejoice church13413 e. 106 st. n. owasso, ok 74055918.272.5291hello@rejoicechurch.com

followfollowfollow








serve
next steps
groups
staff
events
rejoice foundation
rightnow media
give
faqs
rejoice.church
jobs





















 


























