




the abaco wild horse fund, inc.















the world's most endangered horse 

there are only five abaco horses left in the world, on the island of abaco in the bahamas. they are fighting for their lives as inappropriate human intervention and a drastic change in habitat have taken a severe toll. the struggling remnants of a once mighty herd of 200 are facing extinction for the second time in their recently turbulent history.

in 2002, the horses were as designated a new strain of the critically endangered spanish barb breed. recent research shows that the horses are more accurately described as spanish colonials, so they have become the abaco spanish colonials.
this site contains a history of the horses, goals for the future, a newsletter and information on how you can help. for years of reports on the horses, click on our newsletter, hoofbeats.



   










big changes coming soon!





buy fun products and help the horses at our growing shop at cafe press
for examples  click here
history of the horses
short history
hoofbeats newsletter
about this site
contact us

















we soon will be launching a new blog enabled site. it will be quick to load, easy to navigate, and you'll get instant updates. you'll go automatically from this site to the new one, nothing new to learn. stay tuned!














more
ways to help
fund goals
arkwild and gowhoa
where is abaco? (map)
visit abaco's wild horses
visitors' comments
what is
										a buck a book?
visit: 
fact sheet
send email












follow us on twitter, become a fan on facebook, watch us on you tube
										find great gifts at cafe press:
twitter: click here
facebook: click here.
you tube: click here 
 cafe press  features our unique grpahics on caps, a wide variety of t-shirts, buttons and other items. wonderful gifts for yourself and your horse loving friends. a great way to help the horses and spread the word about their plight.



                                                          at any time,


consider an environmentally friendly gift for a critter loving friend: make a donation to the abaco horses in your friend's name. all donations are tax deductible







   




this site updated september 20, 2010


disclaimer: there are now a number of other web sites claiming to be about the abaco horses. we are the only site that is 'on site' in abaco; we started the project in 1992.and have been working for the horses ever since. if you need up to date information, this is the place for it. other sites only confuse issues and draw attention away from our critical needs. thank you for your support. for copyright information click here.












