







studio arts, crafts, gallery and graphics































studio arts gallery by appointment only








	freehold property for sale lancaster £120,000 november 2023  
property for sale with fisher wrathall extremely prominent 3 storey corner commercial premises plus basement storage highly visible from the one way system, at the junction of north road and damside street. close to the bus station and adjacent to many other businesses within the city centre. a rare opportunity to acquire a freehold interest in the city centre. a real character property in lancaster.
 
property for sale with right move









studio arts
site contents



































			 #lovelancaster







serving arts for over 50 years



			studio arts opened in 1972 and served 
the arts and artists in the lancaster uk area as a limited company 
1993 to 2022. the picture gallery in lancaster is by apointment only by email



mario ottonello  prints 

			limited edition prints 
			of lancaster
		signed & published by the artist

ashton memorial lancaster

click here 
			to visit our mario ottonello page












			'lancashire's favourite artist'



browse the life and work of this great nostalgic artist, including
			images and details of his paintings together with our
			full range of limited edition prints, originals oils and 
			watercolours, background information and merchandise.   


art education & courses   
		

visit our "art education & courses" page to keep informed of forthcoming local and regional art courses at schools, colleges and universities.   

studio arts provide free advertising 
		for   
		all art related exhibitions 
			events and courses.   
		please inform us of any 
			forthcoming events or courses for future inclusion.



 


alistair makinson  
alistair makinson facbook		
 
click here 
			for exhibitions & events
		to add to your diary 
			

















  aim is to proactively support and promote art worldwide while developing 
		an interesting and informative resource site for our existing and 
		potential customers. with exhibition and event details, a local artist 
		directory, resources.




50    north road, lancaster, england, la1 1lt   
		uk         emails 
	email  
		arts@ studioarts.co.uk

    

