










home - autism independent uk

























































follow









email us






call now















home
autism

what is autism?
history of autism
autism factfile
autism seizures
treatment / approaches
20 faq


autism training

teacch/scerts course notes
training
1 & 2 & 3 day training the scerts model for autism
2day teacch® training courses
2 day training: social stories
paystyle.pdf terms conditions
application form
course dates
scertser
teacch® programme
what is teacch®?
teacch® speakers
kettering conference center walk through
course timetable
directions
travel & accommodation
maps
welcome letters
5 day hand-on work-shop


helpful information

autism incidence in uk
autism provision in northamptonshire
research
time timers
asperger syndrome
uk legal
police crisis negotiators and law enforcement
first hand experiences
autism awareness documentary
sexuality and autism ©
honorary fellowship for inspirational autism expert
complaints procedure
caring for seniors with autism


related items

inclusion
leo kanner
asd links w-wide
the ‘real rain man’ kim peek
asperger syndrome
asperger’s disorder and criminal behavior: forensic-psychiatric considerations
hans asperger – definition
hans asperger – 1944 paper
malice and asperger syndrome
about autism independent uk.
autism provision in northamptonshire
current projects
food & drinks
health & educational products
learning aids
medical links
secretin


donate





















 











welcome to autism independent uk

autism independent uk helps to increase awareness of autism to the notice of all, together with well established and newly developed approaches in the diagnosis, assessment, education and treatment.
the main goal is to improve the quality of life for persons with autism, giving them a chance to take their rightful place within their local community where they can live, work and play.

contact us



































shop online

support autism independent uks causes for free when shopping online with over 6000 popular retailers.














unlocking the mysteries










cpd training
teacch & scerts. 




apply





support us
if you like what we do please help us to continue our support by donating to autism independent uk


donate now





what is autism
(asd) is a developmental disorder that affects communication and behaviour




learn







teacch training 2 day
2025 training
training courses from  teacch®  autism program .
january 27-28 2025  cost £375.00  2 day
june tba. 2025 cost £tba  2 day
application form, click here.
read more
autism independent uk are looking forward to you joining the seminar/work-shop to be held at the the
kettering park hotel 1430 kettering pkwy, kettering nn15 6xt
new group discounts:



scerts training
*2025 training**
2 day training 2025 january 29-30 cost £310.00 introduction
3 day training 2025 january 29-30-31 cost £455.00 including advanced.
1 day training 2025 january 31 cost £165.00 advanced for those who have attended the introduction training.
application form, click here.
click to view more
autism independent uk are looking forward to you joining the seminar/work-shop to be held at the the
kettering park hotel 1430 kettering pkwy, kettering nn15 6xt
new group discounts:

police:   autism spectrum disorders for police and crisis negotiators
awareness and education for first responders aboutdisabilities increases their ability to provide an appropriateresponse. recognizing behaviours associated with autismwill support an educated response to the situation.
click to go to page







privacy notice
 
disclaimer: the (sftah) autism independent uk is a non-medical advice and information centre. it does not offer individual advice on health and would advise anybody seeking such advice to go to their own physician. information given is for general use and should not be viewed as applicable to any individual situation. whilst every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of information we do not take responsibility for its use by individuals.
links to other websites: our website may contain links to other websites of interest. however, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. you should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
complaints: learn more











get in touch. get involved.








199-203 blandford ave, kettering, northants nn16 9at








call us: 44(0)1536 523274





make a donation









name


email address


message




submit







 









© autism uk independent 2025 | all rights reserved | web development by jsweb



follow



 




 







training events will now be held in the kettering park hotel 1430 kettering pkwy, kettering nn15 6xt
kettering park hotel, northamptonshire and is very easy to find,
if you have a sat nav just enter the postcode nn15 6xt.  car parking will be free for all attendees.
 



new: police crisis negotiators and law enforcement



 



















skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








