




quality disc jockey entertainment for any event | platinum disc jockeys


























































platinum disc jockeys
"for the golden moments in life, ...choose platinum!"









137 vineyard rd.
edison, nj 08817

info@platinumdiscjockeys.com







1 (800) 478-3472














home
about

testimonials


events blog
packages

giveaway and lighting packages


song suggestions

cutting of the cake
bride and groom
bride and father
groom and mother
garter removal
garter toss
bouquet toss


contact
event forms

wedding finals
bar mitzvah / bat mitzvah info sheet
sweet 16 info form


faq
videos














 take your affair.. to a higher level!















packages
bronze
silver
gold
platinum
















professional dj services for new jersey, nyc boroughs, eastern pa, fairfield cnty ct
we wanted to take a moment to let you know a little bit more about our company and how we set ourselves apart from some of the others in the industry.
platinum’s philosophy
we believe it is your day, whether it is your wedding day, your birthday party, corporate event etc. we don’t try to convince you to partake in anything that “isn’t you” or your style. we believe each occasion is unique and adapt our styles to fit the needs of each client.
some people may prefer an all out “party till you drop” type of affair, while others want a more “elegant” and reserved approach. many others like to fall somewhere in between. whatever your preference or style, it is not a problem!
we adapt to your wishes, we don’t ask you to adapt to ours. this is what really what sets platinum disc jockeys apart from many of the rest.
the key word is entertainment
we don’t just play music – we entertain with music!
whether it’s teaching the latest line dance or getting that somewhat shy relative up to do the latest line dance, we make parties succeed by getting your guests involved!
customized & flexible entertainment….
platinum disc jockeys offer entertaining, interactive dj’s/mc’s that will customize a musical menu to suit you and your guests tastes – whether it’s classic disco, top 40,club music, 50′s & 60′s or big band swing – one thing is for sure, all of your guests will be out on the floor!
exciting extras…
in addition to great dj’s and mc’s, platinum disc jockeys offer party motivating dancers, dazzling lighting effects, photo booth, dancing on the clouds, spark machines and more to make your next event even more memorable!








contact















name* email*

phonemessage*would you like to recieve future emails?*


yes



no
commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 












location



make your deposit online!











 contacted us already and
        booked your affair date? you can  send your deposit
        electronically! just click the paypal logo above!















jamie and i would like to thank you again for doing an unbelievable job. everyone we've talked to loved the music and video montage. you made our wedding reception a very memorable experience. i will be recommending you to everyone i know. thank you again!!!

- rick le















copyright © 2000 – 2023 platinum disc jockeys | 1 (800) 478-3472
137 vineyard rd. edison, nj 08817
sitemap










like us!

















