


registry clean pro - homepage











registry clean pro
a utility to fix errors and optimize the performance of the windows registry.






you are here: registry clean pro  












download the free trial version:
registry-clean-pro.exe (951 kb)
               
            







buy registry clean pro now:
$29.95 - buy now !
               
            






product information
homepage
technical details
system requirements
screenshots
ordering
buy now - $29.95
money back guarantee
volume discounts
link to us & get a free copy
support
online help
contact us
resources
registry glossary
related sites
               
            










what is registry clean pro?
registry clean pro is a utility to fix errors and optimize the performance of the windows registry. unlike other similar tools, registry clean pro is very careful with the registry — it never deletes a registry entry if this could harm your system.








registry clean pro features:
automatic cleanup
custom scans
backup and undo
scheduler
background registry monitoring




click here to download free trial version:









 
why should i clean the registry?
the registry is a database that contains information and settings for all the hardware, software, and user preferences of your computer. when you install, uninstall, or simply use software programs, registry entries are created, modified, or deleted.
if you uninstall an application incorrectly or an error occurs during the uninstall process, the registry entries belonging to the application may remain in the registry. this may also happen if a file referenced from the registry gets deleted. furthermore, some programs don't remove their registry entries when uninstalling.
as a result, your registry gets stuffed with corrupt and orphaned entries. many invalid records remain in the registry long after the corresponding applications were removed. this slows down your computer and can cause errors in other installed programs.
to avoid problems with your software and optimize the performance of your computer, these invalid entries must be deleted. registry clean pro helps you safely remove them. the trial version is free of charge, click here to download it: registry-clean-pro.exe (951 kb).
         
registry clean pro: safety is the number one priority
you should be very careful when cleaning your registry. deleting a wrong entry can kill your system. the internet is flooded with registry cleaning utilities that may remove vital system entries when cleaning your registry.
registry clean pro is different — its number one priority is safety. registry clean pro never deletes a registry key if this could harm your system. the program thoroughly analyzes each suspicious registry entry to make sure that removing it won't affect any installed software or system settings.
         
features and benefits of registry clean pro

automatic cleanup
          by default, registry clean pro scans the registry for all types of errors. this is the simplest way to clean up the registry. automatic cleanup is recommended for 'non-technical' users.
           
custom scans
          you can use the custom scan option to search the registry for particular types of errors (shared dlls, missing fonts, invalid startup entries, etc.).
           
manual cleanup
          after the scan is complete, registry clean pro can show you a full list of errors, allowing you to choose the invalid entries to remove.
           
backup and undo
          before removing an entry from your registry, registry clean pro automatically creates a backup file that can be used to undo the changes.
           
scheduler
          you can schedule registry clean pro to scan the registry every day, once a week or once a month.
           
background registry monitoring
          registry clean pro can check the registry for errors in background mode and alert you when it finds any.
           




download the free 30-day trial version:
registry-clean-pro.exe (951 kb)
            

click here to buy the full version:
$29.95 - buy now!










copyright © 2002-2003 qsx software group. all rights reserved.


 






