







pennylane collies - breeders of quality collies for the show ring and loving family pets































pennylane colliespets
breeders of quality collies for the show ring and loving family petsbest dog food for cane corso – the buying guide for 2021
september 4, 2021 by peggy 1 comment 
yes, the cane corso is really a dog breed. you aren’t the only one if you never have heard about the breed. this is a relatively new breed but is becoming one of the top dogs to have in your home.
if you are considering adopting a puppy, or have a cane corso, you need to make sure that you are feeding it the right food. 
these dogs have special needs when it comes to their dog food and nutrients, so you should make sure that you know everything about these dogs, to give them the best possible care. 
knowing the health problems with the cane corso breed first

it is essential to know the health problems that your cane corso breed can have. especially, if you don’t give them the right dog food.
the highest quality dog food, which will be great for the cane corso, will ensure that they are healthier for much longer. and, you will not have any health problems with these dogs.
some of the health problems that these dogs are struggling with are hip dysplasia, demodectic mange, and bloat. these health problems can be prevented and manage with the right food. 
diet and nutrients need
an adult cane corso is huge and needs about 2200 calories a day. this is a lot of dog food if you don’t give them dog food with lots of nutrients and calories.  a puppy will need about 590 calories a day, increasing as it is getting older. 
protein and fat are the two main nutrients that it needs, and their dog food should have high amounts of it, to ensure a healthy dog. 
at the end of the day, it doesn’t matter if you are giving your dog dry or wet food, as long as it is high-quality dog food, with the right nutrients, and that it is getting the right number of calories per day.
what to look for when purchasing the best dog food?

there are so many different dog foods on the market, each with its own ingredients and nutrients. some of these dog foods are great for certain dog species. this is why you need to make sure that you know what you should look for when you are purchasing the best dog food for the cane corso breed. 
then, it will be easier to find the right dog food. these are some of the ingredients and nutrients you need to look for when purchasing the best dog food.
animal proteins are the most important ingredient to look for high-calorie content. the higher the better. remember that you will need to give your adult about 2200 calories per dayno fillers, artificial ingredients or allergic grains

how to get ants out of dog food

different ages, different needs
one thing that you need to know, is that with the different ages of the cane corso breed, comes different nutrients and calorie needs. meaning that you should not give the same food as a puppy, as an adult, and as a senior dog. 
this is why there are different dog food for all ages. you should make sure that you are purchasing the right dog food that is appropriate for the age of the dog. this is really important. 
many dog owners don’t think that this is important, just another way to make money. however, this is extremely important to purchase the right food for the age of the dog. especially, when it comes to the cane corso.
some of the best dog food for cane corso dogs that you can purchase 

it can be confusing to choose the right type of dog food for your cane corso. it doesn’t matter at what age the dog might be. 
finding the right food with the right nutrients is important, especially to a delicate dog like the cane corso. but, you don’t have to worry, because these are some of the best dog food that you can purchase for the cane corso dog.  
this will make it a lot easier to choose the right dog food for your dog, to ensure that the dog is staying as healthy as possible. 
canidae all life stageswellness core grain free large breedziwi peak air-dried new zealand venison dog cuisineorijen puppy largeblue wilderness salmon for large breed adult dogs
conclusion
cane corso. a dog breed that some never have heard about. but, it might be a breed that you are considering and doesn’t know what food to purchase. 
one thing that you need to know is that you need to make sure that you are purchasing the dog food that is best for the cane corso. it can’t just eat any food and stay healthy. 
this is why it is important to make sure that you are going to purchase the best dog food available for the cane corso.  
filed under: pets how to get ants out of dog food
september 4, 2021 by peggy leave a comment 
if you have a dog, and you normally have a problem with ants, this is going to be a serious problem. to get ants out of dog food, or to ensure that you keep the ants out of the dog food. 
some dog owners don’t really care if there are ants in the dog food or not. while others are throwing the dog food away and adding new food to their bowls. 
what is the right method? and, can you still save the dog food that is full of ants, or should you throw it away? 
here are some great tips and information about how to get ants out of dog food and how to prevent it from getting to the dog food in the first place. 
do you need to throw your dog food away after an ant infestation?

you look at your dog’s food bowl and you see that it is full of ants. a real ant infestation in the food bowl. 
what should you do? should you just throw the dog food away, and give him fresh dog food, leave the dog food because the dog will eat it anyway? or, should you remove the ants and prevent them from happening again?
the thing is that you don’t need to throw the dog food away. but you also should not just leave it there. most dogs will not eat the food, with ants in it. 
and, it is going to worsen your problem with ants in your home. you need to know how to get rid of the ants in the dog food, and how to prevent them from getting to the food in the first place. 
this is why these tips are so helpful when you are always struggling with dog food and ants. 

best dog food for urinary health

making use of corn starch
the first thing that you can do, to get rid of ants in the dog food is to make use of corn starch. throw the corn starch over the dry dog food. making sure that you shake the corn starch throughout the dog food. making sure that all the food is covered.
then, it will be easier to remove the ants from the dog food, because the corn starch separates the dog food from the ants. and, the corn starch won’t be harmful to the dogs. they will still enjoy their food. 
peppermint essence spray

ants and any other insects don’t like peppermint. the smell and taste of it. this is why this is a great way to get rid of the ants, without any problems. 
you just need to spray some of the essences onto the dog food. not too much, otherwise, the dog might not want to eat the food again. 
the ants will get out of the dog food as fast as possible. then, you can use the same method to keep them away. you can spray their bowl with the spray to prevent the ants from returning. 
freeze the food
another great method on how to get rid of ants from dog food is to freeze the dog food. or, to make the dog food really cold. this will ensure that the ants will die and lay at the bottom of the bowl. making it really easy to remove the dog food from the ants.
this is a slower process to get rid of the ants, but an effective way to ensure that the dog will eat the food again, once it is at room temperature again.
how to prevent ants from getting to your dog food?

why should you get rid of the ants from your dog food, if you can prevent it from getting to the dog food in the first place? there are so many easy ways to prevent ants from reaching dog food. 
the first one is to put the bowl of dog food in another bowl, with water in. the ants can’t swim and won’t reach the food. 
or, you can add a small amount of petroleum jelly to the bowl. the ants can’t walk over the petroleum jelly. and, as we said before, you can use peppermint essence spray to spray around the bowl, the bowl itself, and the food to keep ants away. 
these are just some of the best methods of preventing ants from reaching dog food. getting rid of ants in dog food isn’t as hard as you might think. and, you don’t need to throw the dog food away. 
these are a couple of great tips on how you can get the ants out of the dog food, and how to prevent them from getting to the dog food in the first place. then, you won’t have a problem with ants getting to the dog food. and, your dog will enjoy his dog food, without sharing it with ants. 
filed under: pets collie’s head and eyes
july 24, 2021 by peggy leave a comment 
what is the collie eye and shape, what does it mean, what do i look for, what makes a good collie head? these are the most common questions i get from beginners and this page is designed to help you begin to realize what you are looking at and why.
you read about what the ‘standard’ says the eye should look like, now lets see what that means, and remember, this is my opinion only. what makes a dog show a competition is that others may interpret the standard differently and therefore see something other that what i do in the same dog. what i tell beginners is to listen to everyone…look at everything..keep what you think is right and discard the rest. you need to educate yourself enough to form your own opinion.
in simple words… the collie eye should be almond in shape and set into the head. this means that it should not be placed on the face, but indented into the face. in order for that to occur there must be a receptacle for the eyeball and the eyeball is recessed into that receptacle. here is a good picture that shows this.


you will see the recepticale for the eye in this picture very clearly. it seems that the face was carved out to hold this eye in place …this is a puppy. also notice the dark, liquid look. this is most desirable. when you look at the eye..head on..you will see what is meant by the “three-cornered look” so coveted by breeders.

this is an adult dog showing the same depth to the eye. to me, this eye is almost perfect in size and shape.
this is also an extremely good eye..as you can see, these are different dogs with slightly different angles of the head. notice how the stop appears different due to the angles presented.








now i want you to look at a rounder eye..lacking the depth and almond shape. this normal-eyed dog is also a champion. it is my opinion that being normal-eyed does detract somewhat from the perfect shape. however, this is still a nice eye..just not what i would call perfect and not what i prefer.

now look at these two eyes side by side and you can really start to see the difference.
they are almost the same angle, but you will see one eye is rounder and the other eye is showing the almond shape and appears deeper set into the head. this slight difference can be enough to make a show dog up for any competition…or a pet.








the eye is a most important part of type…what makes a collie a collie..type. this is what i look for in selecting breeding animals..one that exemplifies type. when looking at a collie, another key word you will need to learn to see is balance. all parts must blend together to give the dog a pleasing appearance as a whole. i am not a pieces and parts kinda person, but need to see the whole picture. the head and body need to balance and the parts of the head need to balance. backskull (the area from the top of the eyes to the ears) and muzzle (the part from the bottom of the eyes to the nose) also need to balance. this is what also gives that soft expression. here are two good pictures showing balance in a lovely head. note the flat backskulls and the rounded muzzles. the lipline is also clean without alot of extra lip hanging down. i like that.








one of the fads of today’s collies that i hope does not become engrained in the breed is the tendency to have muzzles that are square rather than round. you should not be able to see or feel ridges or corners on the muzzle. fad #2 that bothers me is having too pronounced a stop ( the slight indentation on the top of the muzzle right below the eyes. on a collie, it should be “a very slight, but perceptible stop or break” as quoted from the standard. a sheltie has a very pronounced stop, like a strair-step..a collie should not, but this seems to be a rage at the moment..that and the dish-face which is even more distracting.
when it all comes together, you have a collie that is pleasing in outline, balanced both in body and head, and gives you that…takes my breath away….feeling. here is my favorite picture denoting balance. now, look at every collie you see from here on out with these two words in mind…
type…and…balance.

and remember, this is only the beginning
filed under: collie alfenloch pennylane’s hero
july 24, 2021 by peggy leave a comment 
pennylane collies is very sad to give you a long awaited update on alfenloch pennylane’s hero.
many breeders have contacted me with regards to using him, and i have simply stated that he is still too young to evaluate. the truth is that he is unsuitable to be used in anyone’s breeding program.
this page is an attempt to show other collie owners what they may be dealing with when they breed or purchase a dog that has demodectic mange. this is a long-term problem and is never pleasant.

the above picture is of hero’s head as he begins his battle with demodectic mange. it was at this point, when he was six or seven months old, that i contacted his breeder, diane fitzpatrick, and informed her that the ‘top-quality show puppy’ that she sold me for $2000.00 not only was not quality enough to be shown due to his major faults, but that he had demodex and that i would not be wanting to keep him for my breeding program. he really was beautiful as a youngster, but quickly progressed to pet quality even without all his health issues.








the above pictures were taken roughly two/three months later as this progressed to what was diagnosed as generalized demodectic mange. his body was riddled with lesions from demodex and the unrelenting staph infections in spite of aggressive therapy and medications .
in the fall of 2002, after trying multiple treatments, it was decided that he would live at the vet clinic where he could get daily treatment in hopes of saving his life. after more conversation with diane fitzpatrick explaining that i wanted to return him to her, she told me to put him down, it would be too expensive for her to pay to ship him back to her. i requested that i be allowed to keep him as a pet and try to save him and still get a replacement puppy. she agreed.
now it is february 16th of 2003, and i still have hero, he is getting worse week by week in spite of continued treatments. i still have no money back and no replacement puppy. she has offered me a replacement puppy that i agreed to take, only to tell me at the last minute that she sold them all. this is a terrible thing to do to a fellow breeder who dealt with her in good faith. i did see an attorney and questioned legal action, but with her in another country, i was told that even if i won, it would cost me a tremendous amount in legal fees and a judgement would be to expensive to pursue.
below, you will see pictures of him taken in february,after his bath now that he is home. he is still suffering from generalized demodex. he has a white crust around his ears and some crust around his muzzle as you can see. we are in the process of testing him for dermatomyositis as that is now suspected given his overall appearance. he was one year old on december 4th. his birthday was celebrated in his vet’s clinic where he was living.
as i write this, i want you all to know that i am a responsible breeder. a breeder that cares about the health of my collies and collies in general. i respect life in all forms which is why hero has not been killed per his breeder’s request. i am still attempting to assure him of some kind of life free from the disease that has been a part of his life for nearly a year. there have been muscle biopsey sent to texas a&m; university to be assessed for dm.
update march 10, 2003 after much discussion with several vets, hero was put to sleep. perhaps now, he can rest in comfort. goodbye hero. i’ll never forget you.
update on the legal action
my lawyer has written to diane and has left multiple message on her voice mail. she has chosen to ignore us completely. after much discussion with my lawyer, we have agreed that we will not pursue this legal action against her. bringing a lawsuit against her here will win me a judgement, but would be almost impossible to collect. this is something to keep in mind when dealing with other breeders who live out of our country. almost all of the breeders in canada are above reproach in their bussiness dealings. be sure to ask around and deal with these breeders. would i hesitate to purchase from canada, or another country again? no, i would do it in a minute, but i would be sure to deal with those breeders i know to be true to their breed.
let me tell you something else that has happened. several breeders who have dogs of this pedigree have contacted me by e-mail, letter, and by phone. most all of them have offered to replace this dog with a puppy of their own breeding free of charge. not out of obligation, but out of honor for their pedigrees and honor for their country. they feel as bad about what happened as i do. so if you are hesitating to purchase out of country, know that there are breeders in canada that stand behind their dogs 150%. be sure to check with other breeders for personal recommendations. both dm and generalized demodex are familial in the mode of inheritence. it may not show up in every generation, but it is there.
although legal procedings have been stopped, i have not received any money back, any partial refund, nor have i been offered another puppy to replace this one as would be expected from any breeder.
there is no shame in having health problems in your line, it’s what you do regarding the people you deal with that brings shame or disrespect to your reputation. generalized demodectic mange or dermatomyositis is not something that any reputable breeder would ever want to deal with. these are pictures of hero taken february 16, 2003.








his dam is osez rever monet alfenloch and his sire is ch. alfenloch artpiece cornerstone. this tightly line-bred young male will be never be incorporated into our breeding program or anyone else’s.
“hero” was an absolutely stunning tri puppy at 7 and 10 weeks, with a beautiful eye, expression, body structure; full round smooth muzzle, tons of underjaw and was very flashy.
aladdinn” was one of his breeder’s favorite “masterpiece” sons, and he is in “hero’s” pedigree twice, once on the sire’s side and once on the dam’s side. also, he has three sisters to “aladdinn” in his pedigree – ch.alfenloch the time of my life, alfenloch fantasyworld and jap.ch. alfenloch one moment in time.
“fantasyworld” is also there twice on the sire’s side, “aladdinn’s” brother, ch. alfenloch the president, is also in the pedigree. all these dogs are from the “masterpiece” x “thriller” breeding. “hero” is linebred back to “masterpiece” 9 times.
here are some links to medical infomation for those who are looking.
familial canine dermatomyositis: patient (picture) http://www.neurovet.org/shelton1/nmfig18cap.htm
dermatomyositis http://www.upei.ca/~cidd/diseases/dermatology/dermatomyositis.htm
dermatitis http://www.gsdhelpline.com/spots.htm
filed under: collie canine cyclic neutropenia
july 24, 2021 by peggy leave a comment 
description:
canine cyclic neutropenia is a stem cell disorder that occurs in collies. puppies are usually smaller and weaker than their litter mates and by 8 to 12 weeks of age they develop clinical signs such as fever, diarrhea, joint pain, or other signs associated with eye, respiratory, or skin infections. the disorder is caused by an abnormality of the stem cells in the bone marrow, from which all blood cells are developed. the result is a cyclic fluctuation in blood cell numbers. every 10 to 12 days the number of neutrophils drops dramatically, and then rebounds.
there is an increased susceptibility to infection corresponding to the dip in neutrophil numbers. affected dogs are subject to severe recurring bacterial infections, primarily of the respiratory or gastrointestinal tract. these dogs are also prone to bleeding episodes due to the drop in blood cells numbers. this is a serious genetic disorder. even with the best of care, affected dogs rarely live beyond 2 or 3 years of age. most die within the first few weeks.
the disease occurs in all gray collies. (not related to the blue merle collie in any way) affected puppies have a silver gray hair coat that ranges in color from very light, to darkish pewter grey, sometimes with a slight yellowing due to a mixture of light beige and light gray hair. no matter what color variation or type, all collies have black noses except those with gray collie syndrome. if the nose continues to come in gray, then that is pathognomonic (absolutely diagnostic) for “gray collie syndrome”. sable “gray collie syndrome” dogs have brown or pale sable noses, but never black noses as they should have.

you will be able to pick out the one dark gray puppy in this litter, as well as the lighter gray. the darker appears to be a tri-colored gray collie. he is a different hue from the rest of the babies. as you can see, this can usually be identified at birth.

here you can pick out the abnormal gray puppy, even though there are several blue merles with it.

as well as the nose pigment, another sure sign is the lack of complete tan markings on the face. a normal blue merle or tri will have typical tan markings on the face.
questions?
if you have a carrier, your dog will be perfectly healthy in every respect and you should not fear for him. but if you bred to another dog that carries this same gene, you not only run the risk of producing an affected gray puppy, you will be sure to produce other carriers.
we now have another tool to use when planning our breedings. gcs is not long gone as many breeders think it is. it’s alive and kicking butt in many of today’s major breeding kennels. where did it come from? it came from everywhere in the beginning. many breeders had to test breed and eliminate the known producers while they continued to use siblings that were carriers without even knowing it.
are they at fault? yes and no. they did the best with what they had, but they had no test and they only had half the information on the mode of inheritance. we are living in a different age now. we have dna markers that tell us exactly where we stand with our breeding dogs. useful information that will take us even further that we ever thought possible in the continued battle against genetic problems. what can we do now? we can test and going forward, clear our lines of this lethal gene.
does this mean that no carrier should ever be bred? no, that’s not what we are saying. there are many magnificent show dogs that excel in qualities that signify what a collie should be. we can’t limit the gene pool from these great dogs. what we can do is take a non-carrier to this dog, select the resulting get carefully and test the ones that carry on those virtues. you can then use the non-carriers back into the breeding program. all those not kept should be spayed/neutered and placed in good companion homes. remember, the carriers themselves are perfectly healthy.
however; now that ofa has added gcs to their data base, we should be able to find similar dogs that do not carry this gene and just be done with it. as for me personally, i’ve spent over a thousand dollars testing all my breeding dogs and i’ll never again have to breed without knowing the status of the partners. as long as i am careful in my selection of partners, breeding non-carriers or carriers as signified by the dna status, i should never have to worry about producing a gray. of course the best solution is to only breed those dogs that are clear. i would rather spend the money once and start with cleared breeding dogs, than to continue to worry about this generation after generation. all our puppies and adults offered for breeding are from dna-non carrier dogs.
visit healthgene and get the whole story on the mode of inheritence and the testing that they offer.
filed under: collie the collie’s rear assembly
july 24, 2021 by peggy leave a comment 

these are the terms you need to know.
the ‘bend of stifle‘ includes the entire front portion of the leg. the ‘point of hock‘ is the back of the hock where it reaches it’s top-most point. the ‘tail insertion’ indicates just what is says, the point where the tail comes off the spine. the ‘croup‘ is the area on the top from the hip bones down to where the back side of the leg begins.








when you are looking at a dog’s rear assembly, their are multiple points to look at. but, they cannot be viewed as seperate points. they have to be viewed as one assembly and how it fits together. you will see in picture 1, the puppy has a very nice rear. his hocks are straight and not overly long which is good. this is the same puppy in picture 2, you can see where the line is drawn in picture 2 that shows you where you see one of the angles we are discussing here. this is what is commonly referred to as a ‘well let-down hock’. the musculature of the stifle extends itself beyond the point of the hock. this slight difference will enable the puppy to achieve greater drive off his rear at maturity.








puppy 1 has a better angle than puppy two. puppy two’s musculature at the stifle stops almost at the point of the hock when you draw your line. puppy 1’s musculature extends down beyond the point of the hock. you will see puppy 1 has a much better ‘turn of stifle’. when you look at the stifle, you have to look at the entire front of the leg. this should be a nice, deep curve that does not stop until it is beyond the point of the hock. let your eye travel from the beginning of the front of the leg all the way to the top of the toe. on puppy one, it is a nice long curve. this is what you want to see. on puppy 2, it is not nearly so pronounced nor does it extend as far. puppy 1 also has a much better croup. it is slightly rounded as opposed to the straightness of puppy 2. the tail insertion is better as well due to the nice round coup. puppy 1 is almost ideal when you add all those things togther. and of course this nice rear is topped off by beautiful toes. they are tight and well arched and being so, will give the puppy extra spring in his step. i personally cannot abide a flat foot. if the foot is not a tight, well-rounded foot (cat-foot), the puppy will not ever achive superior movement.








now visualize that same lines drawn on these two puppies until you can really see the difference. (hint) try printing the page and drawing the lines in yourself until you truly understand what you are looking at. this is part of ‘developing an eye’ for the collie structure.












and this is a perfect ending! when you view a dog from this angle, you should see the well-developed musculature on both the inside and outside of the leg. the hocks should be perpendicular with no turning in or out. again, the foot should be well padded. take a close look at the toe pads from this angle. you can see this puppy will be a real mover based on the musculature and the position of the hocks in reference to the rear. what you do not want to see is a lack of muscles on either the inside or the outside of the leg from this angle.

on the rough dogs, it does get a little harder without putting ‘hands on’ and feeling the structure underneath. you can tell some things though. on this dog, you can see he does appear to have adaquate angulation. you can see how deep the bend is through the stifle. what i also see are toes pointing slightly east/west rather than pointing forward. it may be that he is hunkering down, but i would first think he is a little close in hocks and that would cause the toes to point out. you can also see a very nice rounded coup. this dog should have nice extension on side movement, but i would think watching him going away would show his weakness.

first thing i saw in this picture, was a too straight stifle, too long a hock and a significiant drop off of the croup lacking a nice round curve. the toes also appear to be pointing in which means the hocks are slightly pointing out. again, this dog would lack the necessary extenion on the side movment and no drive or pushing off the rear legs.

going and coming though, he would look very nice based on this picture.
at first glance, this also looks like a very nice rear. toes are pointing in the right direction and this dog has a lovely curve to the croup. but when you look at the angle of the stifle, it is very straight and does not continue though the point of the hock. this dog would lack extension on side movement.

i will leave you with this picture of a very nice rear. there is good angulation, short hock, and all toes are pointing in the correct direction. looking is not the same as feeling, but this is at least a start. good luck on your continued education!
filed under: collie best dog food for urinary health
july 23, 2021 by peggy leave a comment 
there are so many things about our dogs that we don’t know about. one of these things is that our dogs can also struggle with urinary tract infections. and, getting the right treatment is essential to ensure that they are feeling themselves a lot better.
if your dog is struggling with urinary health, then there are a couple of things that you can do to make sure that you improve it and to reduce the risk of them getting infections all the time. this is what you need to know about dog and their urinary health. 
do dogs get urinary problems?

yes, dogs can get urinary problems, and it can become just as serious and painful as with humans. the problem is that we don’t really know when they are having this infection until it is too late. 
this is why it is recommended that if you know that your dog is prone to urinary tract infections that you are always giving them the right dog food to prevent this from happening again. the thing to remember is that if this isn’t getting treated immediately, it can get serious and kidney problems can occur. this can kill the dog at the end of the day. 
signs of urinary tract problems in dogs
there are some signs that will show that your dog is struggling with urinary tract problems. and, that you need to act to ensure that they are getting the right treatment fast. these are some of the common signs that your dog is struggling with this on a regular basis. 
loss of energyfoul smell in urinelicking their genitals all the timeurinating in different places, all the timeloss of apatite 
treating the urinary tract infection correctly

the best thing that you can do for your dog, is to make sure that you are treating you’re the urinary tract infection correctly. if this is something that is happening all the time, a visit to the vet is essential. you should also make sure that you are looking into giving the dog more water, and cranberry juice instead of water during the day.
many people are saying that canned food is also a better option if your dog is sick with a urinary infection and not eating well. the canned food will assist them in getting their apatite back. 
however, there are many other things that you can do as well, like preventing it from happening again. 
giving the right dog food can prevent urinary tract infection from happening
this is where dog food comes in. if you are giving your dog the right dog food, that will improve urinary health, and assist in preventing it from happening again, then your dog will not struggle with this infection all the time.
the thing is that people don’t know what type of dog food they should purchase.  it is important that you are looking for a dog food that has high water content, that is full of vitamins and minerals. especially, if your dog is on antibiotics that can take much of their minerals out of their bodies. 
you can ask your vet which dog food is going to be best for the condition and to prevent the infection to come back. the one thing that they will suggest is that the more vitamins and minerals the dog food has, and the higher the water content, the better it will be. but, this means that the dog food might be on the more expensive side. 
the best dog food that you can purchase for improving urinary health

because of the large amount of dog food that is available at the vet and online, it can be hard to know which ones are the best. especially when it comes to something for urinating health problems. 
however, if you know which dog foods you can purchase for this health problem, then it will be easier to choose the right one. 
the only thing that you should remember is that you should not go for the cheapest dog food if your dog is struggling with urinated health problems. these are some of the best dog food that you can purchase for this condition.
hills u/d non-struvite urinary tract dog foodpurina canine ur urinary ox/st dog foodfirstmate australian lamb dog foodblue buffalo natural veterinary diet weight management + urinary careroyal canin canine urinary so dry small dog food

best dog food for shedding in 2021

conclusion
if your dog is struggling with urinatory health problems, you need to get it treated as soon as possible. and, if this is something that they are getting all the time, then switching to higher quality dog food might be something that you should consider. 
with this guide, you will know which dog food is the best dog food for urinatory health problems, to ensure a healthier, happy dog.
filed under: pets best dog food for shedding in 2021
july 23, 2021 by peggy leave a comment 
statistics have shown that there are many dogs that are
getting seizures. some are getting it just sometimes, while other dogs are
getting seizures on a regular basis. 
there are many things that you can do to assist your dog when he is getting any form of seizures. one of these things is to give the right dog food. finding the right dog food for seizures isn’t as easy because of the different variety of dog food that you can find. 
now, you will know as much about the different dog food that you can purchase for your dog that is getting seizures all the time. 
why do dogs get seizures?

there are people that don’t even know that dogs can get
seizures, just like humans. but, this is really possible. and, it is important
to make sure that you know the reason for the seizures before you just change
their dog food. taking them to the vet is the first thing that you need to do
before you can do anything else. 
some of the reasons why dogs can get seizures are idiopathic, where the causes are unknown. then you are getting seizures because of structural causes. this is because of the structuring of the brain. anything related to the brain, like tumors or injuries. 
the last reason is a reactive reason like when a dog was poisoned or with metabolic changes in the body.

collie’s head and eyes

things you can do if your dog is getting seizures?
the first and most important thing that you need to do, when
your dog is getting a seizure for the first time, is to take it to the vet. you
need to find the reason for the seizures as soon as possible. 
the second thing that you need to consider, is to change dog
food. some dog food is designed for seizing dogs. to make sure that they are
getting the right nutrients on a daily basis. 
1. the right dog food is essential
we tend to forget that giving the right dog food is
essential for a dog’s health. especially if we have a dog that has bad health
like getting seizures. the right dog food will ensure that the brain is getting
the right nutrients and that the damage done to the brain is limited.
high-quality dog food, that will include all the nutrients,
vitamins and minerals that a dog’s brain needs to stay healthy is essential.
this will limit the damage and ensure that the dog is staying as healthy as
possible. 
2. ingredients in the dog food that you should look for with dog seizures

different kind of dog food normally has a different type of ingredients and nutrients in. and, you need to make sure that you know what type of ingredients and nutrients you need to look for when you are taking care of a dog that is having frequent seizures. 
these are some of the ingredients that you should make sure about when you are going to buy dog food for your seizing dog.
no gluten added to the dog foodno grain also animal fat content should be added, like omega 3 and omega 6it is always best to give your seizing dog food that is organic and natural. remember that they are eating a lot more meat than vegetables. so, ensuring that natural animal fat should be included as ingredients in their dog food. the more vitamins and minerals the dog food include, the more beneficial it will be.
some of the best dog food for seizures that you can purchase

when you are searching online, you will find that there is a huge selection of dog food that you can purchase online. and, only a few of them are ideal for seizures. this can make it hard to choose the best dog food for your seizing dog. even if you are purchasing dog food at the vet, there are a couple of them that you can choose from. 
making it extremely hard to know which one is going to be best for your dog and the type of seizers that he is getting. however, with this list of dog food for seizing dogs, you will not have to worry about finding the right dog food anymore. 
purina pro planhill’s prescription dietinstinct by nature’s variety    royal canin veterinary dietblue buffalo wilderness
conclusion
dog seizures can be serious and you need to make sure that your dog’s food is the best possible dog food for your seizing dog. 
with this guide, you will make sure that you know what to look for, know the different types of dog food that you can purchase and know what ingredients you should look for, in the best dog food for seizing. 
making sure that your dog is getting the best you can give him.
filed under: pets 
categories

collie

pets




recent posts


best dog food for cane corso – the buying guide for 2021


how to get ants out of dog food


collie’s head and eyes


alfenloch pennylane’s hero


canine cyclic neutropenia


the collie’s rear assembly


best dog food for urinary health


best dog food for shedding in 2021



copyright © 2025 · pennylane collies




