








just worship | a resource for worshipers


































| a resource for worshipers


menu
skip to content
home
about
articles

on worship
on worship leading
heaven’s worship
praise points
guest writers


devotionals

meditations on worship
guest devotionals


free e-books

the ingredients of worship
the making of a worship leader
worship thoughts


free worship songs
features

greek worship words
hebrew worship words
quotes on worship
word studies


 






last updated: 10/23/2024
welcome!
we are glad you chose to visit our site. hopefully you will find something that will enhance your personal worship experience or be useful for your worship ministry. feel free to use any of our original material for whatever purpose you need. also, we want to invite you to visit steve pruitt’s blog
www.lovnjesus.com. on the blog you will find bible lessons that cover the entire bible verse by verse and other material that may help you run the race of faith.
think about it: “the vitality and genuineness of corporate worship is to a large degree dependent upon the vitality of our individual private worship. if we aren’t spending time daily worshiping god, we’re not apt to contribute to the corporate experience of worship. if we aren’t worshiping god during the week, how can we expect to genuinely participate in it on sunday morning?” richard sibbes
be sure to check out the free e-books that includes steve pruitt’s “the ingredients of worship.”
 in his first book, steve pruitt shares ideas that he believes are necessary for worship to become a way of life and not just an emotional experience when gathered with other believers. he mixes personal experience along with a strong biblical foundation to convey jesus’ message that true worshipers worship the father is spirit and truth. located in the back of the book you will find a study guide that might be helpful for personal or small group study.
steve writes, “worship is more than a time slot to be filled on sunday morning. worship begins before the music starts, when no one is looking. worship is a way of life; daily giving oneself to god. true outward expressions of worship flow from a heart that is intimately involved with the father.”
all of the e-books are free for you to download. you may make as many copies of the books as you like. please give proper credit and do not reproduce for sale.



featured article:
worship: a way of life -by steve pruitt
a true worshiper has no life of his own. he has been bought with a price. he has died to the right to have his needs met in order to meet the needs of his creator; to do the will of the creator. the true worshiper does not exist for himself. he exists for his maker.
featured devotional:
a true heart -by steve pruitt
true worship flows from a true relationship with god. one can use the expressions of worship used by others, but if their relationship with god is not based on truth, it will not be true worship. god is not impressed with our methods of worship if those methods express someone other than who we really are. god desires truth in the secret heart
© copyright 2016 justworship.com








