




product lifecycle management (plm) software | oracle




















































































































































































skip to content
accessibility policy















products
industries
resources
customers
partners
developers
company









close search











search oracle.com


quick links
oracle cloud infrastructure

oracle fusion cloud applications
oracle database
download java

careers at oracle

















search







country















view accounts


back

cloud account
sign in to cloud
sign up for free cloud tier

oracle account

sign-in
create an account


help
sign out




contact sales



menu






menu














overview


scm products


supply chain planning
inventory management
manufacturing
maintenance
order management
logistics
product lifecycle management
procurement
scm analytics






scm for industries


automotive
communications
consumer goods
federal government
healthcare
high tech
life sciences
industrial manufacturing
oil and gas
restaurants
retail
travel and transportation
wholesale distribution




customer stories


what's new


supply chain command center 
oracle ai for scm
sustainable supply chain
perfect delivery - order fulfillment




business insights

















applications
supply chain management













oracle product lifecycle management (plm)

is your product lifecycle management (plm) software helping you rapidly design and launch new products? oracle fusion cloud plm is a collaborative platform that helps you get your best ideas to market faster by standardizing and structuring the data and processes that go into innovating, developing, and commercializing products and services.

request a demo
take a free plm assessment 



create seo-friendly product descriptions in just a few clicks with embedded generative ai (1:00)
















discover oracle product lifecycle management.



take a tour












oracle fusion cloud product lifecycle management (plm)
learn how oracle cloud plm accelerates innovation and new product introductions by efficiently managing items, parts, products, documents, requirements, engineering change orders, and quality workflows across globalized supply chains while seamlessly integrating to computer-aided design (cad) systems.





innovation management
product development
quality management
product master data management (mdm)
configurator modeling












innovation management

read the innovation management datasheet (pdf)

profitable innovations, faster
drive faster, smarter innovation and ensure sustainable growth. oracle cloud plm helps you maintain a profitable innovation pipeline fueled by a steady stream of the highest-value, on-target, and relevant ideas.
ideate everywhere
capture ideas from any source for new products, services, markets, or customer experiences. evaluate each proposal across a 360-degree perspective of resource needs, assessed value, cost, and constraints.
manage requirements and concepts
document, prioritize, and agree on requirements leveraged in developing innovation concepts. reuse existing items, trace requirements through design, and validate that each has been met to reduce new product introduction risks.
build agility into innovation portfolios
balance core, adjacent, and transformational innovation initiatives while aligning your resources, risk mitigation, and budgets. use best-practice analysis to select an innovation portfolio that achieves your strategic and profit objectives.


what is requirements management?
power to the innovators video (1:24)
learn how to turn your ideas into valuable innovations (pdf)
discover five reasons the world’s top innovators outperform the competition (pdf)

















product development

read getting great ideas to market—fast infographic (pdf)

rapidly develop and launch products
gain faster, more efficient product development and launch processes by bridging traditional, disconnected engineering and manufacturing functions through streamlined management of an integrated enterprise product record.
minimize design cost
gain complete visibility into your product(s) evolution by monitoring product iterations. get feedback sooner and avoid costly rework with more effective collaboration internally and with your design partners.
reduce supply risks
reduce supply risk and track part preferences for manufacturing throughout each stage of design by maintaining a single view of qualified parts and suppliers across the entire product structure.
accelerate change management
effectively manage and model change iterations with a collaborative change management process. eliminate rework and compress cycle times by configuring defined workflows with the flexibility to make changes if needed.
enforce product compliance
enforce product compliance and proactively track changes throughout your product’s lifecycle so you can quickly adjust to changing global standards, efficiently manage engineering documentation, and design compliant-finished products.


learn how your product developers can make better decisions faster (pdf)
read the digital transformation of product design report (pdf)
watch why symantec replaced agile with oracle cloud plm (1:23)

















quality management

take a quick quality management product tour

closed-loop quality
improve the productivity, quality, and profitability of your processes and products. drive closed-loop quality processes through design, procurement, inventory, manufacturing, and field service to ensure rapid detection and resolution of quality events.
uncover data-driven insights
make faster, more informed decisions and reduce risk with a predictive and connected 360-degree view of product quality across product lifecycle and supply chain processes.
integrated issue management
drive greater efficiency with consistent controls of your quality processes. capture, aggregate, and perform root-cause analysis on quality issues raised from sources including iot, field service, and incoming and work-in-process inspections.
streamline preventative actions
rapidly respond to issues, prevent reoccurrence, and drive continuous improvement with closed-loop corrective action processes that are tightly integrated with your product development, enterprise change, document management, and inspection processes.
centralized document management
manage standard operating procedures and industry regulations with a single source of truth that integrates training, document management, and change control to drive operational consistency, compliance, process improvement, and audit readiness.


see how to reduce the cost of quality (56:08)
read the analyst commentary on quality management
datasheet: oracle fusion cloud quality management (pdf)




















product master data management (mdm)

view the product mdm infographic (pdf)

product commercialization
efficiently commercialize new products and services by sharing the right product data required for your sales, marketing, supply chain, and erp processes.
item mastering
keep your item master data clean and synchronized across applications, data pools, and partners with a best-practice product information management (pim) process and flexible attribution, change control, and native-governance capabilities.
omnichannel commerce
ensure that complete and consistent product information is published across your sales channels while efficiently sharing trusted product data across back-end scm, erp, and order fulfillment systems.
integrated collaboration for external users
automate and deliver continuous business-rule validations and verification of data to allow global contract manufacturers and suppliers to receive accurate information and authenticate the data they provide—no matter where they are located.
erp migration and consolidation
gain a single platform to centralize and consolidate product data—without disrupting erp and supply chain operations. oracle cloud plm can help you unify data from numerous erp systems as a result of organic growth or a merger or acquisition.


what is master data management?
archrock sees plm as a key to future growth (2:02)
view the product information management digibook
read the guide to product master data management (mdm) (pdf)

















configurator modeling
model complex products
leverage a dynamic design environment to build configurator models that deliver an intuitive user experience. simplify the configuration of multioption, customizable products and services.
simplify the sales process
guide your customers to the right—or optimal—products. simplify the configuration process by adding high-level questions and tying the answers directly to one or more option selections.
optimize user experience
build better user experiences by guiding your customers to valid product configurations. use display condition rules and a variety of selection controls to dynamically control how your content is displayed in the user interface.
apply templatized design
quickly create the dynamic runtime user interface that best meets your needs by choosing from predefined user interface templates.
simulate model behavior
design, build, and test business logic, model behavior, and overall user experience prior to release. when releasing new versions, you can leverage comprehensive impact analysis and validation checks to ensure quality.


read the guided selling blog post
learn about configure, price, and quote solutions























data sheet
learn how oracle cloud plm helps your supply chain and development teams unify processes and effectively manage data.
read the plm data sheet (pdf)


from idea to service on one cloud platform
oracle cloud plm lets the data flow whenever and wherever a good idea happens to drive continuous innovation.
watch how to innovate products faster (2:09)


your guide to modern plm
learn how cloud-based plm software can break down data silos to help support your business transformation.
read the plm ebook (pdf)











plm use cases




connect your product value chain
unifies processes—from capturing an idea through commercializing products and services—on a single data model for faster decision-making.
your guide to modern product lifecycle management (plm) software (pdf)
read about next-generation plm (pdf)




drive faster innovation to launch
build a smarter innovation pipeline fueled by a steady stream of high-value ideas. efficiently design, develop, and manage new product introductions and engineering change requirements.
learn 5 strategies for faster new product development and innovation
view the transformation of product design report (pdf)




harmonize product data
leverage a single enterprise product record that spans all applications to provide the velocity and resiliency needed to support today’s complex business transformations.
read the analyst commentary: weaving the digital thread: oracle’s enterprise product record
view the product mdm infographic (pdf)




reduce the cost of quality
drive closed-loop quality management to make successful, high-speed decisions with real-time transparency and traceable information.
learn how to reduce the cost of quality
watch how companies are transforming manufacturing and quality across the supply chain




leverage the latest technology
get immediate value from built-in predictive analytics, artificial intelligence (ai), machine learning (mi), iot, and digital assistance that work together to create digital twins and turn data into insights.
read how oracle combines plm and iot to create digital twins and tie the digital thread














plm customer successes

customers in diverse industries across the globe leverage oracle cloud plm to accelerate time to market, reduce costs, and improve product quality.




























































oracle cloud plm helps broadcom manage complex product launches and get to market faster


watch the video (1:28)
















product tour—product lifecycle management (plm)
innovation to commercialization with oracle plm











a single, integrated product lifecycle management (plm) platform
have you ever thought of a great idea but failed to execute on it? it happens all the time. in fact, most new products fail.
oracle fusion cloud product lifecycle management not only helps innovators find, select, and get their best ideas to market fast, but it also enables connected, end-to-end processes across the product lifecycle on a single platform.













find your best ideas
with this intuitive plm dashboard, you can select the ideas tab and drill down to see all the ideas that have been submitted in a single repository. the modern user interface provides an embedded analytics dashboard that lets you see where ideas came from and, since ideas can be voted on, which are trending.
here we see this cardio fitness idea is popular.













capture and collaborate on ideas from all sources
when you look at more details, this idea for a virtual reality trainer called the fit5000 looks promising. with this collaborative innovation management tool, you can collect ideas and feedback from many sources including partners, suppliers, employees, and customers. it helps you structure the entire ideation process so that only your best ideas move forward.
here you’ll notice a business proposal has already been created for the fit5000 and enriched with images.













ensure your idea is feasible
here is a graphical breakdown of the product’s potential financial performance analytics and other kpis. when you compare it to other ideas in your innovation pipeline, it looks like this new product offering meets your financial projections and is aligned with your corporate strategy.













plan your strategic product launch
taking a closer look, this dashboard provides a full breakdown of your revenue projections and total expenses from all your products across different divisions and regions. it delivers insights like when the best time and place to launch the fit5000 will be. you can evaluate your portfolio with strategic scorecards to find new opportunities or determine market fit. you can even score your regulatory compliance in that region.













projected launch and revenue validation
when you filter down into the brazilian market, you can see the projected launch date and revenue forecasts for all your in-progress innovations across multiple business units in brazil. this helps you answer questions such as, is there an opportunity to grow our business in this region?
it looks like the fit5000 could be successful here. from this dashboard, you can open the product record and see all the product information for your new concept.













build a concept structure
before you decide to start manufacturing this new offering, you can build a rough concept structure using either existing components or placeholder components.
on the left, you can see the product’s requirements so you can document, verify, and validate each concept and make sure it’s achievable based on the proposal. having a consolidated view of the concept and requirements helps your teams make the design process more efficient.













manage the impact of changes
with this visual checkpoint, you’ll find out if all requirements have been met. if you haven’t met all requirements, you can see the impacts downstream, such as your speed to market.
when any change is made in the innovation process, you can navigate through the concept and easily assess how changes impact the product’s requirements and assemblies.













view operational and extended attributes
now that we’ve decided to move forward with development, engineers can view operational and extended attributes such as ones from sales and marketing. if an item or component in your assembly structure has a quality issue, you can easily investigate.













easily create change orders
that means, when you have a quality issue, you can fix the problem before it can impact your supply chain. you can also see if any other items were impacted.
because you have a single view of quality, creating change orders is quick and easy. here the affected objects of your change order are displayed.













closed-loop quality
this means that you have full traceability, and if there’s a quality issue, you can take quick, corrective actions to ensure quality is met at every stage of the product lifecycle with closed-loop quality processes.













ensure continuity of specifications and requirements
if there’s an issue and a change order is required, you have a detailed overview of all the requirements and specifications. at this point, you can edit those technical specs to ensure your product still meets customer requirements when any change is made.













improve efficiency
you can even view a detailed summary of all your change orders to see how each change affects your average overall cycle time and average overall approval time. this chart shows the origin of change orders and their associated metrics to help you improve business efficiency.













consolidated dashboard
this holistic dashboard summarizes information from across the system, including change orders, quality issues, and requirements, in a single, comprehensive view.
you can compare how changes impact quality to see a view of everything that's going on in your development process and gain confidence that you’re investing in the right products to meet customer expectations.













a single source of product information
now our concept is ready to be released into production. looking at an operations view of the fit5000, the same product information that your development teams generated is reused across your organization. operational-specific attributes are populated by defaults or using business rules and shared with teams for action as appropriate for their role.
once your new product is ready to be released from development to commercialization, it’s also ready to be configured, made, marketed, sold, and shipped.













one platform with a common data model
here we have a work definition screen with an example on the right of product information being accurately represented at the point of sale, including all the differently configured options.
being on a single platform with a common data model ensures that product specifications are accurately represented not only across manufacturing and supply chain but also through all the necessary channels, including marketing to the end customer.
learn more about oracle fusion cloud product lifecycle management and take a free plm assessment.



















innovation management for life science companies
gayle hayes, senior director of product strategy, oracle
these days, it’s a given that change can happen almost overnight. to keep pace, life science companies are looking at new ways to find and invest in the best innovations for the highest return and greatest value. innovation management software helps you evaluate, select and track execution of the best ideas and inventions. that’s why many life science companies have embraced innovation management as a best practice to address the changing healthcare industry.
read the complete post


featured blogs



view all












resources





cloud update readiness
documentation
customer community
cloud learning
support and services
related content
















learn what's new in the latest plm release
review cloud update readiness material to learn what's new in your oracle cloud plm service and plan for quarterly updates.
get the latest innnovations















access our documentation library
oracle help center provides detailed information about our products and services with targeted solutions, getting started guides, and content for advanced use cases.
learn more















join a community of your peers
cloud customer connect is oracle's premier online cloud community. with more than 200,000 members, it's designed to promote peer-to-peer collaboration and sharing of best practices, product updates, and feedback.
join today















develop your cloud plm skills
oracle university provides you with free training and certification to ensure your organization’s success, delivered in your choice of formats.

cloud scm training and certification
oracle guided learning















support

my oracle support
support policies and practices
customer success services






services

soar to cloud migration services
consulting
find a partner












page

what is plm?
what is mdm?



oracle product lifecycle management cloud demo showcase

watch the video (5:14)






downloads

datasheet: oracle product lifecycle management cloud (pdf)
technical brief: crossing the innovation chasm (pdf)
ebook: three tenets of modern product lifecycle management (pdf)
















related products



scm
improve resilience and outpace change



explore scm





manufacturing
streamline global manufacturing



see manufacturing product details





iot
enhance visibility and gain insights



explore iot





project management
enable effective project management



see project management product details















get started with oracle plm





cloud readiness


learn about the latest innovations.


see what’s new







take a tour


explore plm on your own.


take a plm product tour







contact scm sales


talk to a member of our team about plm.


get in touch



















resources for

careers
developers
investors
partners
researchers
students and educators





why oracle

analyst reports

best cloud-based
erp
cloud economics
social impact
culture and inclusion
security practices





learn

what is cloud
computing?
what is crm?
what is
docker?
what is
kubernetes?
what is
python?
what is saas?





news and events

news
oracle cloudworld
oracle cloudworld tour
oracle health summit
oracle dev tour
search all events





contact us

us sales: +1.800.633.0738
how can we help?
subscribe to emails
integrity helpline
accessibility










country/region





© 2025 oracle
privacy/do not sell my
info



ad
choices
careers




























