



long island child custody lawyer | new york child custody attorney






























long island child custody attorneys

call today!
516.688.0088









 back
					

home

firm profile

attorney profiles



sari m. friedman

andrea b. friedman

jennifer moran

laraib butt 

david m. rubenstein

crystal s. pannell

emily c. prudente



faq

testimonials

make a payment

contact us




menu



				our offices are open for in-person consultations as well as phone and video consultations. please don’t hesitate to call us if you have any questions!
			








over 90 years of
						combined experience
your child custody attorneys in long island


talk to an attorney today









meet our team












sari m. friedman 
senior partner long island









andrea b. friedman 
partner









jennifer moran 
partner









lariab butt 
partner









crystal pannell
partner









david m. rubenstein
senior associate attorney









emily c. prudente
associate










learn more
























































long island child custody attorney

new york child support & custody lawyer

child custody matters are not only legally complex; they are emotionally trying as well
	 - for all parties involved. whether you are a mother or a father seeking
	 custody of your child or children, or if you are attempting to resolve
	 any legal matter involving child custody, our long island family lawyer can help.

our skilled legal team of attorneys is committed to providing exceptional
	 legal representation to those individuals and families dealing with child
	 custody matters throughout all of long island, new york. by effectively
	 and efficiently handling all legal aspects of your case, the attorneys
	 at our firm make it all the easier for our clients to deal with the emotional
	 issues and the stress. attorney sari friedman has the accolades you and
	 your family can trust, including being invited to join the national advocates
	 top 100 lawyers in the field of matrimonial and family law!


before you take legal action, watch this video!



	when a couple divorces, the process is rarely easy. more often than not,
	 the dissolution of a marriage will bring out more issues and disagreements
	 that the splitting couple will need to address prior to completion of
	 the divorce. among the most hotly contested debates are usually those
	 regarding the custody of children. at the time that a couple chooses to
	 end their marriage, one of the most important decisions to be made is that of
	child support. not only do
	fathers, mothers, and
	grandparents alike all want to ensure that the best interests of the children continue
	 to be met, they also want to secure their custodial and
	visitation rights. for these reasons, it is crucial to obtain a child custody attorney
	 in whom you can trust to keep the best interests of both you and your
	 children during the divorce process.


	in order to ensure that your rights as a parent are met, our attorneys
	 do their best to provide you with the best legal representation possible.
	 this includes attending to post-divorce issues that may arise such as creating
	modifications to child custody agreements, establishing
	modifications to visitation rights, as well as making
	modifications to child support agreements if the need for change arises. furthermore, the legal team can assist when
	enforcement of child support is necessary or when the
	paternity of a child needs to be determined.

attorney andrea friedman also has numerous accolades, including being awarded
	 the 2016 millennium award from long island business news, which sets her
	 apart from other young professionals in her millennium. she has also been
	 presented with the 2016 stars under 40 award from star network.



don't want text here but need it for specs

don't want text here but need it for specs





new york metro super lawyers® (top 5% of attorneys in the region)




2017-2018 women’s leaders in law award - hofstra university school of law




10 best in ny, client satisfaction, am. inst. of family law attorneys




2016-2018 leadership in law award - new york’s women leaders in the law




new york's legal leaders top rated lawyers, 2015 & 2016




rue's ratings best attorneys of america




national advocates top 100 lawyers (matrimonial & family law)




new york metro super lawyers® (top 5% of attorneys in the region)












our client testimonials





“her staff is courteous and attentive, and i felt at ease during the whole case. i would highly recommend sari and her team.”
arianna t. 



“my case was/is a multi-state custody dispute with many nuances. andrea handled all of those nuances well and thoughtfully.”
matt 



“this was the first time i felt someone was fighting for me and i was going to win this battle. i did! for all the concern, care, and of course attitude, thank you ladies.”
g.g. 



“i was very happy with friedman & friedman. i feel i received the best possible settlement and outcome.”
patti 



“all in all, she really turned a difficult situation into a reasonable one and let me get on with my life.”
former client 







read more stories






child custody and divorce lawyer in long island, new york


	when a married couple
	separates or
	divorces in new york, child custody and visitation matters must be legally determined
	 by way of a court order. custody may be determined as part of a divorce
	 degree, but it may also be addressed as a separate issue if the parents
	 are unmarried. you need a family lawyer on your side to represent your
	 interests and to help ensure that you reach the outcome you are hoping
	 for in regards to your child custody matter.

long island child custody lawyers friedman & friedman pllc, attorneys
	 at law can help you understand your rights as well as your obligations
	 in regards to your child or children so you can have a clear picture of
	 what your options are and how to reach your goals. joint custody may be
	 a possibility, and this is something you can discuss with an attorney
	 at our firm. perhaps you are looking to establish paternity in order to
	 get custody of your child or to establish visitation rights. you may be
	 seeking sole custody of your child or children because your ex-spouse
	 is unfit to care for them.
whatever your specific child custody matter, you can find out what to do
	 by consulting an experienced child custody lawyer such friedman &
	 friedman pllc, attorneys at law.





custody law



child custody

child support

enforcement of child support

fathers' rights

grandparents' rights

modification of child custody

modification of child support

modification of visitation

paternity

same sex couples

visitation











let us provide the compassionate care you deserve.





first name:



								please enter your first name.
							



last name:



								please enter your last name.
							



phone



								this isn't a valid phone number.
							



email:



								please enter your email address.
							

								this isn't a valid email address.
							



are you a new client?


are you a new client?
yes, i am a potential new client
no, i'm a current existing client
i'm neither.


								please make a selection.
							



message



									please enter a message.
								





send



















home


contact us


site map


privacy policy







666 old country road
							
								suite 704,
							
						
garden city,
						ny 
11530
map & directions [+]




(516) 688-0088







120 bloomingdale road
							suite 307,
						
white plains,
						ny 
10605
map & directions [+]




(914) 873-4410










make a payment






				x
			

⚠
your browser is out of date. to get the full experience of this website,
					 please update to most recent version.

update my browser








the information on this website is for general information purposes only.
							 nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual
							 case or situation. this information is not intended to create, and receipt
							 or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.

					© 2025 all rights reserved.
				





















