












vita flex® pro | premium equine performance products














































 







 









products

 



about us



our history


contact us


research


 



victory team

 



the arena

 






































 




				the fine line between good and great
			

				in competition, there’s a fine line between where you were yesterday, where you are today and where you’ll be tomorrow. it’s the line we push ourselves to chase — and cross. vita flex® pro can help get you there. our equine nutritionists, veterinarians and scientists are dedicated to developing the best supplements you can give your performance horse. that’s our fine line. what’s yours?


supplements for performance








 











in competition, there’s a fine line between where you were yesterday, where you are today and where you’ll be tomorrow. it’s the line we push ourselves to chase — and cross. vita flex can help get you there. our equine nutritionists, veterinarians and scientists are dedicated to developing the best supplements you can give your performance horse. that’s our fine line. what’s yours? 

 








 

get the competitive edge




health & wellness

learn more






joint, hoof & leg health

learn more






performance

learn more






specialized need

learn more




 

 








 



gain the winning edge
to gain the winning edge, you do your part in feeding, training and fine-tuning your horse. when it comes to nutritional supplements and health products, you trust vita flex® pro. not only do we source the finest ingredients, we test and retest our products in the lab and — more importantly — under real-life working conditions.
read more

 

 








 




meet our victory team


view all














adrienne lyle - 
dressage

for olympian adrienne lyle horses have always been a way of life. born and raised on a small cattle farm in washington state, adrienne grew up riding ranch ponies, working and cutting cattle and trail riding.  she then moved onto western gaming and transitioning into three-day-eventing.


it runs in the family














al dunning - 
cutting

when it comes to reining and cutting, author, trainer, competitor, judge, and hall of famer al dunning has ‘dun’ it all. when al talks about his journey from riding horses in the suburbs of chicago to being named western magazine’s 2017 horseman of the year his passion for horses, dedication to the sport, and family are crystal clear


more than meets the eye




 

 





 




connect with us
we would like to hear from you. please contact us with your comments or questions about our products.
contact us





 





















 





products 

about us 

victory team 

the arena 





follow us




 









© 2023 vita flex is a registered trademark of farnam companies, inc.        





privacy policy 

terms of use 






 












 





 

