





myrm's ant nest – information about species of ant in britain







































 



		skip to content














menu


menu




home
information about antsmenu toggle

species of ant found in the uk
species profile – lasius niger
life cycle of an ant
how does an ant colony start?
what do ants eat?
types of ant nests
external anatomy of ants
internal anatomy of ants
how do ants communicate?
symbiosis in ants
the evolution of ants


how to keep antsmenu toggle

keeping ants as pets
setting up an ant farm
my ants


articles & colony journals
ant books
site index
links

contactcontact 
 

 
 







 









myrm's ant nest 


















 
worker with a larva in the brood nest.

vermilion river observatory, illinois, usa

(photo: alex wild)











 
lasius americanus
a young lasius foundress queen raises her first crop of workers sealed in an underground chamber. she feeds the developing larvae with reserves from her own body. south bristol, new york, usa

(photo: alex wild)









information about the species of ant in britain and europe, including how to keep them in captivity 











ants are fascinating creatures, hence they have been studied for thousands of years.  much of my experience has been with those species of ant found in the uk, namely, lasius niger, lasius umbratus and myrmica rubra.  therefore, as a result, i aim to provide information about species of ant found in britain and europe. consequently, this will include topics such as how they build their nests, their external and internal anatomy, what they eat, their life cycle, and how to keep a captive ant colony of your own.
i try to add articles about ants on a regular basis (usually once a week, on a friday), which can be on a wide range of ant-related topics.  the articles will also include ants outside of the uk and europe. see the articles, news and colony journals page.
furthermore, you can read regular updates on my captive ant colonies, though these may be sporadic in the winter months, when the ants become far less active.
although this site mainly concentrates on the ants found in the uk, i do also provide some information about ants in europe and the rest of the world.
i have tried to provide lots of useful information about species of ant in britain, which is both interesting and informative, but, above all, easy enough for younger readers to understand.
finally, if you have any questions about ants, you can contact me.  i do my best to answer questions on any species of ant.  click the contact tab on the far right of the menu bar at the top of the page.  mobile users will find the contact tab by clicking the menu button in the navigation bar at the top of the page. 












site index 











by clicking on the options on the menu bar above, you will be able to navigate to the main pages and articles centre.
for a complete site index, click on the button below. 






site index

















“go to the ant, thou sluggard; consider her ways and be wise.” 



– proverbs 6:6 












an example of ants in the uk 









				formica fusca
				




				lasius niger
				




				formica sp.
				




				myrmica sp.
				















empire of ants - a new and fascinating book about ants 





 
empire of ants by  susanne foitzik and olaf fritsche














myrm's ant nest - information about species of ant in britain 












ask questions about ants 



if you wish to ask me a question about ants (and no, i won’t tell you how to destroy them or their nests!) then please contact me on my**@an*****.uk or you can ask on the contact thread
i aim to respond to your questions as quickly as i can, normally within 24 hours. 










 







home
links
privacy
copyright
contact
site index
 

						myrm's ant nest  |  email: myrm@antnest.co.uk  | copyright © 2025					






 



















