    kayak hanalei | kauai's kayak, sup, surfboard headquarters
                   
 




  
  



kayak toursgear rentalkayakssup rentalsbeach gearabout

book online now

select page
river-kayak-hanaleikayak hanalei is kauai's best of the best award winner for best kayak tour for 2024! we are your one-stop headquarters for kayak rentals, kayak tours and beach gear rentals. our hawaiian family have been providing unforgettable experiences to locals and tourist alike for over a three decades. experience the feeling of old hawaii!explore kayakingkayak hanalei - kauai's kayak headquartersstandup-paddle-hanaleiyour adventure starts here!explore stand up paddling  kayak hanaleikayak hanalei is kauai’s best of the best award winner for best kayak tour for 2024! we are your one-stop headquarters for kayak rentals, kayak tours, sup rentals and beach gear rentals. our hawaiian family have been providing unforgettable experiences to locals and visitors alike for over a decade. experience the feeling of old hawaii!
your adventure starts herewe are kauai’s north shore ocean and river fun headquartersrentalswe offer an assortment of rental equipment such as single and double kayaks stand up paddle boards ranging in size from 9’6″ to 12′. no reservations required. all rentals are first come first served. with our large fleet of equipment we will have what is needed upon your arrival! just come on in! need other beach gear? we’ve got you covered!learn morekayak toursexperience the feeling of old hawaii as you paddle along the hanalei river. our guides are extremely knowledgeable in hanalei’s rich history. next you’ll venture out into hanalei bay and learn modern day reef ecology and tips for snorkeling.reservations required for all tours.learn moregive the gift of adventurebuy a gift cardself-guided kayak rental route mapwe launch all equipment from our private dock. within a minute you will be on the hanalei river and have the option to head left/downstream to hanalei bay (2 miles roundtrip), or right upstream to the wildlife refuge (4 miles roundtrip).ocean route30 minutes downstream. 45 minute return upstream. roundtrip of no more than 1.5 hours. if wind and ocean conditions permit, you are able to paddle in the ocean alongside the hanalei pier. families enjoy this route as you can dock your equipment on the beach, swim, and enjoy the day at the beach.wildlife refuge route1.5 hours upstream. 1 hour return downstream. roundtrip of no more than 2.5 hours. turn around point is 2 miles upstream in the refuge where the current gets strong and the water is too shallow to continue further.
kayak hanalei tour & rental pricesbook your hanalei bay kayak and snorkel tour!our hawaiian family takes great pride in sharing hanalei’s rich history and culture with you. our ocean-river combo tour will take you to a hidden beach. learn to snorkel in the clear blue pacific amongst our abundant marine life. or simply eat lunch, “talk story” and relax on the beach.from  $135
reserve noworlearn morekayak rentalssingle kayak (daily)$501pm special: $45double kayak (daily)$751pm special: $65learn morestand up paddle (sup) rentalseach board (daily)$551pm special: $50cartops (daily)$50*cartops unavailable until further noticelearn morebeach gear rentalsboogie board$5/day or $20/wkbeach chair$5/day or $20/wkcooler$7/day or $24/wklife jacket$7/day or $24/wklearn moreplease note: visa, mastercard or discover required for all rentals.no reservations for rentals. all rentals are first come first served & provided from 8am – 3:45pm daily.mahalo for your understanding!hanalei is our home…for three decades, our ‘ohana (family) has enjoyed sharing aloha and mana‘o (knowledge) with kauai visitors and kama‘aina. we specialize in kayak rentals, kayak tours and sup rentals.


hanalei is our home…for three decades, our ‘ohana (family) has enjoyed sharing aloha and mana‘o (knowledge) with kauai visitors and kama‘aina. we specialize in kayak rentals, kayak tours and sup rentals.
what facilities do you have on property?||do you take reservations?||where can we paddle?||what is the minimum age?||are life jackets required? we have answers to the most asked questions belowwhat facilities do you have on property?we provide ample parking, an outside shower, changing rooms, & restrooms for all customers.what types of equipment do you have and what are the weight limits?we offer single & double/tandem sit on top kayaks. we also offer standup paddle boards (sups) ranging in size from 9’6-12’. weight limits: single 250lbs, double 500 lbs (250lbs per seat), sups <300 lbs (made for 1 person or 2 people if 1 participant is less than 75 lbs).where can we paddle?please see our hanalei river map to view the two routes you can choose from. you can head 2 miles up into the wildlife refuge or 1 mile down towards the ocean.what is the minimum age?the minimum age for a rental is 3 years old and child must be able to sit in their own seat. we do not allow children to sit on laps. minimum age to join our kayak tour is 5 years old.all minors require an adult to accompany them on the river. minimum age to paddle a single kayak is 12 years of age.are life jackets required?life jackets (pfds) are required for all participants. lifejackets are included with all rentals.what are your rates?do you have hourly rates? we do not offer hourly rates. 2 options are our daily rate & 1pm special. the daily rate provides use of the equipment between 8am- 5:30pm whereas the 1pm special rate provides use between 1pm-5:30pm. average use of time for most rentals are 2-3 hours. do you take reservations?we do not take reservations for rentals. all rentals are first come, first served. with our large fleet of equipment we will have what you need upon arrival. reservations are needed for kayak tours and can be made online by clicking on our booking calendar.can we request single kayaks on the tour?due to safety and permit rules, we place all groups on double kayaks with the exception of odd numbered groups taking one single kayak.can we paddle down the napali and store our car or luggage at your facility?no. our equipment is made for paddling on the hanalei river and near the hanalei pier only. we do not offer storage of any personal items.can we take the equipment on our car?all equipment departs from our private dock.can we rent snorkel gear and snorkel in hanalei bay?no. we do not rent snorkel gear. no snorkeling in hanalei bay as it is all sandy bottom. we do offer snorkeling on our guided kayak tour in which we paddle over the reef and to another area for snorkeling. can i launch my own personal equipment off your dock?yes, there is a $10 dock use fee for each piece of equipment and a waiver form must be signed. can we switch our equipment once used and come and go throughout the day?each rental is for use of that specific piece of equipment, no switch outs or refunds once used. all rentals are a one time single use departure. kayak hanalei does not offer in and out services or holds of equipment. once equipment is returned the rental is complete.







0/5							

(0 reviews)							
followfollowfollowfollowfollowfollow kayak hanalei}open mon-fri & sun 8am-5:30pmclosed on saturdaysclosed for lunch daily 11:30am-12pm(808) 826-1881kayakhanalei@gmail.com5-5070a kuhio hwy.hanalei, hi 96714 kayak linkshomekayak tourskayak rentalssup rentalsbeach gear rentalsprivacy policyterms of serviceaccessibility statement kayak hanalei}open daily 8am-5:30pmclosed on saturdaysclosed for lunch daily 11:30am-12pm(808) 826-1881paddle@kayakhanalei.com5-5070a kuhio hwy.hanalei, hi 96741 kayak linkshomekayak tourskayak rentalssup rentalsbeach gear rentalsprivacy policyterms of serviceaccessibility statement© 1998 - 2025 | all rights reserved kayak hanaleiwebsite & support by shaka web design services


×

we will be closed from february 1st to the 15th for renovation.we apologize for any inconvenience and look forward to seeing you on the 16th!                                 



