












maya angelou | maya angelou - caged bird legacy















































































biography
books
blog
charities
music
merchandise
celebrate 95 years

tributes


business inquiry
 


select page


  
 



 



 








 





 


“a great soul serves everyone all the time. a great soul never dies. it brings us together again and again.”
– dr. maya angelou

 

as we commemorate the 10th anniversary of dr. maya angelou’s passing, let us reflect on the timeless literary works she gifted to the world. her writings continue to bring us joy and offer profound insights into the human experience. dr. angelou’s legacy endures, inspiring and uniting us with her wisdom and spirit.

 
 
 
 




maya angelou becomes 1st black woman featured on us quarters
the legendary author and poet, who died in 2014, is the first featured in a series of new quarters issued by the u.s. mint.

 




 
 
















view this post on instagram






















a post shared by oprah (@oprah)





 
 


the united states mint recently began shipping quarters featuring the image of poet maya angelou, the first coins in its american women quarters program.
angelou, an american author, poet and civil rights activist, rose to prominence with the publication of “i know why the caged bird sings” in 1969. angelou, who died in 2014 at the age of 86, was honored with the presidential medal of freedom in 2010 by president barack obama.
the quarter design depicts angelou with outstretched arms. behind her are a bird in flight and a rising sun, images inspired by her poetry.
the mint’s program will issue 20 quarters over the next four years honoring women and their achievements in shaping the nation’s history.

 


read more about the maya angelou quarter

 
 
 







honoring the legacy of world-renowned poet, author and civil rights leader, dr. maya angelou.
the dr. maya angelou foundation is dedicated to improving the quality of life for all human beings. our vision is to support educational excellence and healthcare equity initiatives for all.

 
learn more about the dr. maya angelou foundation

 
 
 
 




alone together – an intimate portrait of a world in lockdown. with voiceover by dr.maya angelou’s son, guy johnson.

 

maya angelou’s alone is a poem about loneliness and togetherness, a ‘thinking out loud’ reflection on vulnerability and community ‘nobody, but nobody, can make it out here alone.’ though written in 1975, it clearly resonates with the alone/together experiences we’ve all lived through during the pandemic.

 
continue reading

 





 
 
 














 


we mourn the loss of robert loomis, maya angelou’s friend and editor of her books including “i know why the caged bird sings”

 
 
 
 








maya angelou inducted into the california hall of fame


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 


celebrating dr. maya angelou’s 95th birthday

 

this april 4th, we are excited to celebrate 95 years of the life and legacy of dr. maya angelou! we will celebrate her entire 95th year with different in-person and virtual events and will share special stories and angelou facts online from now until march 2024. follow dr. maya angelou on facebook, instagram, twitter, and youtube, and sign up to receive upcoming newsletters for more.

 
continue reading

 
 
 







today’s #googledoodle celebrates dr. maya angelou’s 90th birthday! set to her poem #stillirise, the video doodle includes her own voice along with the voices of other individuals whose lives she has inspired.

 
view full experience 

 
 
 





 
 


maya angelou

 
 
 





maya angelou

 
 
 
 



 

 
 




stay up-to-date with the latest news & updates from us… 

 
 





 
 
 



stay up-to-date with the latest news & updates from us… 

 


 















 
 
 



stay up-to-date with the latest news & updates from us… 

 


 















 
 
 
 




we celebrate the re-release of i know why the caged bird sings, with a foreword by “daughter-friend” oprah winfrey. we celebrate a book that changed the nation and eventually the world by giving a young black girl a voice, once lost then freed to sing the song of all people.
purchase this book today »

 
 
 
 







 life doesn’t frighten me









 life doesn’t frighten me









 mom & me & mom









 singin’ and swingin’ and gettin’ merry like christmas









 all god’s children need traveling shoes









 the heart of a woman









 i shall not be moved









 gather together in my name









 even the stars look lonesome









 letter to my daughter









 rainbow in the cloud









 the collected autobiographies of maya angelou









 maya angelou: a glorious celebration









 wouldn’t take nothing for my journey now









 hallelujah! the welcome table









 great food, all day long









 my painted house, my friendly chicken, and me









 maya’s world: renee marie of france









 maya’s world: mikale of hawaii









 maya’s world: izak of lapland









 maya’s world: angelina of italy









 the complete poetry









 rainbow in the cloud









 i know why the caged bird sings









 amazing peace









 just give me a cool drink of water ‘fore i diiie









 oh pray my wings are gonna fit me well









 his day is done









 phenomenal woman









 celebrations









 a song flung up to heaven









 shaker, why don’t you sing?









 amazing peace









 and still i rise









 still i rise









 poems









 the complete collected poems of maya angelou





 
 




message from the family
developing a love of truth, standing for civil rights, enjoying life itself and recording the experience, our matriarch became an inspiration. maya angelou’s words, spoken, on the printed page or reflected here, continue to promote self-examination, equality and friendship. believing that “we are more alike than unalike”, maya angelou would be the first to say that as a child of god it was her duty to recognize that everyone else was also a child of god, “everybody born comes from the creator trailing wisps of glory.”
join us as we celebrate a life well lived! take time to read, listen, view and be inspired. trail your wisps of glory and once you’ve clicked every page, make sure you return as we continue to expand the experience. together, let’s celebrate life and joy!
the angelou johnson family

 
 
 
 








maya angelou: and still i rise


maya angelou: and still i rise is the first documentary about dr. maya angelou. the maya angelou documentary will reflect on how the events of history, culture, and the arts shaped dr. angelou’s life and how she, in turn, helped shape our own worldview through her autobiographical literature and activism. we hope to shed light on the untold aspects of her life and to educate audiences about her story. – learn more here –  – watch video interview – 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 



 



 



 
 
 




maya angelou

 
 
 
 





 


cmg worldwide
cmg pioneered representation for deceased celebrities through our legal expertise and created an opportunity for a deceased celebrity’s heirs to retain rights. with over 200 celebrities, it has the largest portfolio of legends to this day. there can be no substitute for experience and skill in the licensing world. cmg’s position as the industry leader gives an advantage that other agencies are simply not able to match.

 
learn more about cmg

 
 
   
 
 



copyright © 2025 by caged bird legacy, llc  

 
 
 






























