


year 2025 - island life: bay area news &views since 1998 





















 






vol. 
    25 - no. 2bay 
    area news and views since 1998  
    sunday january 19, 2025


current edition - year 2025
 





welcome to the 
          25th year of this weekly column that's updated now infrequently, on 
          sunday nights or monday mornings, depending on how well the booze holds 
          out. if you've got any news, clues or rumors to share from around the 
          bay, or the world, feel free to send them to editor@island-life.net 
          or use the envelope in the masthead. for previous issues, including 
          2018, visit the archives.




the editor


denby -
                reporter


bea -
              artwork


chad -
                coding


tammy -
                fotos


hildegard -
                europe news




 


 










 























 
january 19, 2025

          old man down
flags all across the nation are flying half-mast for a man whose accomplishments 
          as president are often overlooked, while he had the most successful 
          and productive post-presidency in history. he showed us that what makes 
          a great man is an elegant combination of gentility, magnaminity, firm 
          graciousness and ethical charity.
in the late 1970's he arrived on the campus of the college of william 
          and mary to participate in a debate. here is how he looked more than 
          forty-five years ago.


          one, in the name of love

january 20th is a day to morn twice over. we lost a great man, a great 
          leader and a great statesman in the form of dr. king. we probably shall 
          not see his like again for a very long time - possibly not for at least 
          another generation.

          everybody knows the dice were loaded. everybody knows the good guys 
          lost
so anyway. while the speeding planet burns the household prepares for 
          the interregnum of fear to come. the holidays passed with their usual 
          traditions but with the certainty this may be the last time we all enjoy 
          togetherness like this. the tree was lit with its usual junk artifacts 
          in the old washtub and now is out on the corner, taken away by wmi. 
          pastor nyquist met with father danylunk for the new years theoligical 
          discussion as was their habit and fell asleep before the fire, after 
          which sister profundity tucked them both in for the night with blankets.
that is all over.
martini has dug out the basement under the household only to find that 
          the water table for the island -- it is an island after all -- was only 
          a few feet below the surface. so he got plate glass from someplace god 
          only knows and hella sealant and built a room down there which is sort 
          of a dry aquarium. through one wall a visitor can see all sorts of saltwater 
          sea life swimming around while crabs scuttle underneath the floor. one 
          way or another they will be ready when the economy tanks through any 
          number of disastrous efforts.
his idea was to create a sort of provisions bunker for the hard times 
          ahead. what he got was a perfect spot for stocking the larder with fresh 
          fish. go figure. martini is, like braver ulysses, a man never at a loss.
andre has been working with roman, who comes from danzig, to translate 
          and reorchestrate songs composed from behind the iron curtain, which 
          now have become suddenly relevant in their subtle messaging.
joe bob bingle and eugene gallipagus are busy forming cells with a 
          mind toward blowing things up while latreena brown and malice green 
          are forming coalitions of more non-violent groups of the resistance.
mr. spline has given up his hopeless attempt to terminate jason in 
          the face of greater threats to national security. in fact, these days 
          he sits at home cleaning his pistols deep in thought as he puzzles how 
          to proceed through the coming interregnum, for adherence to authority 
          might not be in the national interest for the first time in his professional 
          career of spying and killing people, for authority might take two, three 
          or more forms. he would then have to start thinking for himself, and 
          for this eventuality the cia operative had never prepared. poor mr. 
          spline found himself in a quandary.
the crew of the ais chadoor is much undone by the collapse of discipline 
          and resources in teharan. the crew had a near mutiny when they assembled 
          and demanded of the captain when can they go home, for this mission 
          of spying on america, the great satan, clearly was not the important 
          issue in the face of what had transpired with isreal.
indeed, the mission, begun some 20 years ago, had lost itself in the 
          beaurocratic welter of teheran's mismanagement of things organized. 
          no one remained who knew just why the spy sub was sent to the estuary 
          between oakland and the island in the first place and no one remembered 
          what their core mission was supposed to accomplish, but no one would 
          accept responsibility of terminating the effort so as to bring the boys 
          back home, because returning home with nothing to show for it meant 
          the mission had failed and no one wanted to be part of a failed program 
          in the bureaucracy. the bureaucrats wanted peace with honor, but no 
          one had ever defined the parameters of what that was, so year after 
          year the mission dragged on and minor-level administrators made sure 
          supply lines were maintained and reports issued on schedule. reports 
          no one ever bothered to read any more.
night fell, as it always does, without a sound. other noises -- the 
          distant wail of sirens and the yowling of coyotes echoed like memories 
          of some other time independent of night and day. the editor sat at his 
          desk with its pool of light spilled by the desklamp while all around 
          hung the muttering curtains of darkness. the cold gripped the place 
          with frost, challenging the small space heater to a fight it surely 
          would lose. we are all fighting rear-guard actions now these days and 
          the smarter ones are moving assets out of the country. the ghosts of 
          any number of dictators are howling triumph from the depths of the various 
          hells they have been consigned. pinochet, mussolini, ceau?escu, josef 
          stalin, old fuckface trujillo, ferdinand marcos, ghaddafi, franco, zia 
          ul haq, charles wilson, idi dada amin and many others sang an unholy 
          chorus and they gibbered in delight at the expiration of the american 
          experiment. 
the editor put his head in his hands. those voices are but ghosts, 
          lacking power now. they are desire without implements. america is more 
          than the sum of bad decisions. there is a resistance and somewhere out 
          there were people of like mind. and all of the dictators, after causing 
          as much misery as they have done, ended up much as mussolini and ghaddafi: 
          hanging by their heels or hanging in a dank, concrete room with a trap 
          door. do dictators reallty enjoy misery as much as vlad the impaler 
          did? 
only the devil knows.
meanwhile the editor remained in his solitary room lit by the pool 
          of light, surrounded by the muttering darkness. doing all for company.


as the hours ticked by to the witching hour, the train horn keened 
          from oaktown across the estuary to echo off of the embankments of the 
          island breakwaters and ricochet its way off of the abandoned navy base 
          buildings, following the old, forgotten beltline that once led past 
          the cannery and the munitions factories, echoing along the oaktown embarcadero 
          and shuttered produce warehouses as the train itself trundled outward 
          through the darkness to an unknown destination. 
that's the way it is around the bay. have a great week.


january 12, 2025

          everybody knows

this is what happened to the last guy who seized power, claming he 
          would "drain the swamp". memento mori, guy.

          whats going on
we just finished an intensive project that lasted two years and culminated 
          in an eyeball-bleeding long night into day session in which teams replaced 
          the entire lan infrastructure for a mid-sized federallly qualified health 
          center at the main datacenter. over two years everything that could 
          go wrong went wrong, from equipment arriving late to equipment being 
          stolen to unknown software bugs causing the thing to blow up at midnight.
at least now 65,000 patients and another 50,000 clients in supportive 
          housing belonging to underserved populations will get better service, 
          for our mission states emphatically, all people deserve health care.
finally its done and we can return to things like island-life and life's 
          little pleasures. 

          welcome back my friends to the show that never ends
so anyway. the season of good will to all and charitable giving has 
          clearly ended and the household tree lays out there with the others 
          on the block, waiting for the green wmn trucks to come and haul the 
          last signs of bon homie and tolerant geniality and graciousness to the 
          garbage dump. 
seems appropriate.
by now everyone knows the good guys lost and baby booby frump has seized 
          power at the white house treefort. he no longer is accompanied by the 
          girl melanoma, for he has found his best butt-buddy in the form of evan 
          tusk. now we know what all this infatuation with gender and trans-gender 
          is really all about. while melanoma has gone off to sleep with someone 
          else, baby booby now wears beige pants suits, pearls and high heels 
          and he has decorated marred el largo with effeminate cupids and filagree 
          and gaudy furniture no real man would stand for a second. 
the press all showed up and were in the livingroom when everyone rocked 
          back on their collective heels as an infernal howling blasted through 
          the house. 
"tusky! my sweetie!" shouted baby. 
in on all fours galloped a genus that is found in south african jungles. 
          he sat up on plush divan, opened his mouth wide and issued the famous 
          howl that gives the genus its name. he wore a white stuffed shirt, black 
          suit coat and no shoes.
well. are they not a darling pair. an open-mouth all caps shouter and 
          a south african howler. 
next week we will recap the holidays at the household while this bromance 
          enjoys a honeymoon.

















as the hours ticked by to the witching hour, the train horn keened 
          from oaktown across the estuary to echo off of the embankments of the 
          island breakwaters and ricochet its way off of the abandoned navy base 
          buildings, following the old, forgotten beltline that once led past 
          the cannery and the munitions factories, echoing along the oaktown embarcadero 
          and shuttered produce warehouses as the train itself trundled outward 
          through the darkness to an unknown destination. 
that's the way it is around the bay. have a great week.


 
november 30. 2024
all the leaves were falling

 
whats going on
we have been diverted by work that pays the bills lately and it has 
          been exhausting since we lost so many staff members to the adversary 
          recently. health problems have also intervened in an annoying way. hopefully 
          we can get on track for regular updates about our dysfunctional family 
          on the island, a place that exists coterminously and granoblastically 
          with a real island set within the san francisco bay.

the 24th annual thanksgiving poodleshoot and bbq
so anyway. as per tradition, on the day of the 24th annual poodleshoot, 
          rosy-fingered dawn arose from the horizon's dark bed and pushed back 
          the shutters of night to allow phoebus to mount his golden chariot and 
          so, preceding the day, she trailed her gauzy banners across the firmament, 
          traveling across the yard from the battered old half-moon privy hard 
          by the weeds to the house back porch, leaving behind a sort of dew after 
          her passage. gently, she flushed, and gently she tugged upon the coverlet, 
          and gently she kissed the eyelids of the sleeping padraic, but he stirred 
          not. gently she nudged the man, who only mumbled and snorted as he remained 
          held fast in the soft, woolly folds of morpheus. playfully, she noodged 
          him once again, but he remained walking in that shadow kingdom of the 
          somnolent god.
her fingers becoming rays of sunlight, turned the dial so as to allow 
          the sweet strains of muse calliope to thrum the air as guided by the 
          goddess rosalie howarth of kfog, but padriac snored and stirred not.
dawn o'reilly was not a woman to be trifled with
dawn o'reilly was not a woman to be trifled with
then dawn reared back with her rosy fists upraised and brought them 
          down heavily to smite padraic a mighty thwack, and that got him up all 
          right, for dawn o'reilly was not a woman to be trifled with at any time 
          of the day. and so padraic bestirred himself to make ready for the annual 
          island poodleshoot and bbq.
so it was that padraic rolled out the barrels of the water of life 
          and set up the pit for this year's festivities under bright, chill skies, 
          which had cleared briefly from the storm clouds for the day, once again 
          down by the disputed crab cove on the island while bob brown, owner 
          of rancho nicasio, helped setup the silvan acres site with tables, bbq 
          drums, and all the fixin's for a great feast. 
the ceremonies began with the traditional playing of the paraguay national 
          anthem, as arranged by terry gilliam, and performed by the island hoophole 
          orchestra accompanied by the brickbat targets chorale ensemble. this 
          piece has been favorably compared to john phillip sousa's liberty bell 
          march, with which work the modality is inextricably entwined.
in marin the hapless jerrykids noodled. . .
in marin the hapless jerrykids noodled into walking on the moon, which 
          was followed by the san geronimo acoustics who performed neal young's 
          "pocahontas". ensemble then broke all their instruments and 
          stalked offstage with a number of war whoops.
this was followed on the island by the devilish meisterwerk composed 
          by marie kane entitled, "die sieg der satanische landentwickler", 
          an adaptable work which allows insertion of alta-contemporary chorales 
          at the whim of the conductor at the pleasure of any municipal governing 
          body. 
the ensemble group which has made something of a name for itself by 
          inventing entirely new parts for voice, consisted of mayor izzy as soprano 
          alla triste in the misericordia segment and councilperson daysog as 
          mezzo soprano mournful did a fair version of iago's treacherous soliloquy, 
          with trish spencer shining in her solo "you'll not get rid of me", 
          from the esoteric work la chambre à l'arrière enfumee 
          boogie by brooks and dunne. 
john knox white and tony daysog performed a lovely duet as well as 
          a lovely pas de deux in pinstriped pinafores with nunchucks. the two 
          sang "our town" and "i got you babe with astonishing 
          verve. 
in marin, the ensemble performance of le papillion enragee, featuring 
          tracy jensen and malia vella playing the part of uprooted milkweed, 
          caused a number of gentlemen to faint and ladies to resort to flasks 
          of bourbon to revive our beloved monarchs. 
karen d'souza of the contra costa times has called it "devilishly 
          complicated" 
many reviewers have called this piece amazingly impossible to accomplish, 
          and quite a pastiche. the east bay express found "this game of 
          smoky backrooms is too much to believe." karen d'souza of the contra 
          costa times has called it "devilishly complicated" and "hard 
          to believe it goes on. and on. and on still more," while jim harrington 
          has called this performance, "the most dreadful rubbish since the 
          last time i wrote a mixed review. i never fully approve of anything, 
          but this gave badness a new name."
the chronicle, always more reserved due to the heavy influence of conservative 
          act in the city, has commented, "it should be interesting to see 
          how well this thing floats in the future amid this stormy time for companies. 
          we miss trish spencer performing as city mayor, a role she continued 
          to adopt with nearly convincing theatricality. mayor izzy ashcroft is 
          far more persuasive although less a comic genius."
of course, their theatre/music review got mixed up for that issue with 
          the economic report and the elections special, so the meaning of that 
          is up to interpretation.
the east bay express got the dates wrong on its calendar section, as 
          usual, so they had no review.
the examiner, struggling under its newish stewardship (if you have 
          not lived in the bay area for at least 40 years and do not have family 
          roots going back another 120 years, you are considered new), ignored 
          reality and talked about the batboy who had been abducted by space aliens.
fox news ran a piece about how the examiner's space aliens had stolen 
          the...election 
fox news ran a piece about how the examiner's space aliens had stolen 
          the presidential election in 2016 and that former president obama had 
          never really been president and all this fol-de-rol about poodles was 
          a liberal hoax involving covid attempts to rob patriots of their freedoms, 
          and so sensible people paid them no attention save for ms. marjorie 
          greene, who is insensible. fox also accused the outgoing biden administration 
          of orchestrating both the lowering gas prices and rising inflation on 
          a plot to undermine sean hannity, but did not refer to the event at 
          all, having nothing intelligent to say.
this year, with the addition of the venue in marin, featured a number 
          of local dignitaries. there were also some modifications to the official 
          rules in deference to the ongoing covid19 pandemic.
the visiting delegation from washington dc included chuck schumer and 
          nancy pelosi who got drunk together under the party tent. mr. schumer 
          fired his pistol in the air, doing some damage to the tent in the process 
          while nancy pelosi wept profusely and no amount of commisseration was 
          sufficient to console her about the recent elections.
at the other tent marjorie green strode back and forth wearing thigh-high 
          stiletto-heel leather boots and snapping a whip 
with a toot of the poodle bugel, the 'shoot was on as the hunters spread 
          out across the fields with many a cry of "poodle there!" and 
          "avast ye furious hound!" the crisp air of autumn filled with 
          the report of .45 and 9 mm rounds mixed with the thud of percussion 
          grenades and rpg's across northern marin county and the island. 
elon musk rode a tesla armored jeep outfitted with an m2 browning machine 
          gun mounted on a swivel that his bro', mark zuckerberg, employed with 
          great zest.
ann coulter jogged along in a tight mini-dress and furs, spitting epithets 
          and firing her ar-15 at anything that moves with random violence. she 
          splattered a russian silver-haired poo against a brick wall within minutes 
          of the start of the 'shoot.
a blast of hot air and blantant lies provided by donald trump
jared kushner and memet oz opened a canvas bag and unleashed a blast 
          of hot air and blantant lies provided by donald trump that bowled over 
          a whole bevy of poodlewalkers. they were so discomfited that pete hegseth 
          and tulsi gabbard easy dispatched a number of poos with sabers which 
          they swung in wild abandonment until hegseth, seeing a female commentator 
          from fox walking by, ran after her to hump her leg.
 even a whore must have some self-respect
trump did not appear in person but a hologram of him wearing a golden 
          crown and a fetching tan pantsuit with high heels projected on the main 
          stage. his obvious bromance with elon musk and the the recent focus 
          on things like transgender and non-binary have convinced him to finally 
          come out and enjoy his true self. now we all know why mar lago is decorated 
          the way it is in a fashion no red-blooded american male would tolerate 
          for a second: lots of plushy divans, gilt filagree, gay cupids cavorting 
          all over the place in naked abandon. and of course melanie refuses to 
          sleep with him any more and has moved out with good reason. she may 
          have slept and screwed her way to riches, but even a whore must have 
          some self-respect.
in short the poodleshoot of 2024 proceeded with its usual organized 
          atavistic violence
a commotion spread from the corner of washington park which made even 
          hegseth pause even after he had ripped off the knickers of the fox commentator 
          and had her on the ground.
an army of kids on e-bikes rode into this dignified party, tossing 
          m-80's and insulting old ladies and knocking over old men on canes and 
          riding up and down the aisles of the stores while screaming obscenities 
          that caused sailors to blanche.
several of them got off their bikes to surround a few dogwalkers and 
          tear at them with teeth and nails, snarling and growling.
it was the feral children of fairfax.
it was the feral children of fairfax.
people like to think of marin as an effete place with uber-rich lolling 
          in hot tubs and aging hippies gadding about the unicorns.
nothing could be further from the truth in this post-truth world. trump 
          has made all truth valueless anyway.
east marin is infested with gangs of feral kids who exhibit all the 
          symptoms of syphilis dementia, sociopathy, and rabies combined. you 
          cannot blame the lax upbringing of the hippies any more, for enough 
          time has passed that this generation would be the next generation after 
          the grandkids of the hippies. these are really the kids of the reagan 
          generation kids. they are the product of the me generation. 
no matter from where they came, there they were, causing ordered atavistic 
          violence to descend into lord of the flies atavistic chaos. 
of course, seeing all this, trump approved, because he likes chaos.
when the kids starting upsetting the bbq setup and causing fires to 
          spread while padraic and dawn took refuge in the old same place bar, 
          which has bars on the windows. steve bannon approached a couple of them 
          with a genius idea. genius for him that is. bannon, newly out of prison, 
          was in the good graces of the soon-to-be administration and had some 
          significant pull. having jail cred seems to add a lot to ones standing 
          with these folks.
"hey! you guys want a job in washington!"
in response, the kids bit him. they then tore his clothes off and pissed 
          on the weeping felon.
all seemed lost. in the post-truth era; law and police mean nothing. 
          order means nothing. dignity and probity mean nothing. sanity and reason 
          mean nothing. nothingness is exhalted and accountability has vaporized.
the situation looked dire
the situation looked dire. until a little van with a revolving yellow 
          light appeared. on the side were the words island county animal control. 
          out stepped a handful of determined men with capture cages and nets 
          and pepper spray. lots of pepper spray. and tranquelizer guns.
in a short while the area was cleared and all the feral kids were taken 
          to the pound and their e-bikes confiscated by the police when they felt 
          it safe to approach again.
county animal control is used to dealing with rabid skunks, racoons, 
          wayward deer, cougars (regardless of amount of makeup), mountain lions 
          and bears. feral kids were just another control job for them, whether 
          from fairfax or from rossmoor.
sometimes . . . it is productive to sit down with your adversaries 
          and talk peacefully
padraic and dawn came out to restore order to the bbq pit area and 
          everyone sat down for a daycent guiness and shots of usc-qe-bah, the 
          water of life. even the democrats sat down among them even though none 
          of them had been to jail and slowly, out of the shadows crept the dogwalkers, 
          cautiously and even they were welcomed to the table as the light faded 
          on that raucous day. for it may be said, sometimes, not always, but 
          sometimes, it is better to sit down with your adversaries and talk peacefully, 
          for something good may come of it. because if you stop looking with 
          animosity at your adversary and your adversary stops looking at you, 
          then both of you can look forward.
and there just might be a common adversary facing both of you.
so the liberals and the neocons and the poodlewalkers all sat together 
          and talked about all kinds of violent, nasty sorts of poodlekillin' 
          sorts of things and remembrances of the fallen and injuries suffered 
          and injuries done and all had great fun eating what came off of the 
          bbq and there was ahi for the mild and veggies for the vegans and a 
          fine time was had by all. 
so ended the poodleshoot of 2024, which might be variously the 24th 
          or the 28th of the name as time shades off into an obscuring mist so 
          long this thing has been going on and the official historians always 
          end up getting schlockered on wild turkey every time so it becomes darned 
          difficult to remember.
















as the hours ticked by to the witching hour, the train horn keened 
          from oaktown across the estuary to echo off of the embankments of the 
          island breakwaters and ricochet its way off of the abandoned navy base 
          buildings, following the old, forgotten beltline that once led past 
          the cannery and the munitions factories, echoing along the oaktown embarcadero 
          and shuttered produce warehouses as the train itself trundled outward 
          through the darkness to an unknown destination. 
that's the way it is around the bay. have a great week.


 
november 24, 20024
convenient parking

this sign was along the walking trail on the bayside part of the island 
          where there are picnic tables and amenities that are part of a green 
          recreation strip that leads to crab cove. also it turns out a lot of 
          people besides joni mitchell have written songs featuring parking lots. 
        
the song convenient parking by modest mouse begins 
soon the chain reaction started in the parking lot
          waiting to bleed onto the big streets
          that bleed out onto the highways
          and off to others cities built to store and sell these rocks
          well, aren't you feeling real dirty sitting in the parking lot?

          november's got her nails dug in deep
so anyway. the atmospheric river has returned to the bay area, dumping 
          loads of rain and snarling traffic and causing piggie blackouts here 
          and there.
this is the time of dank morning mists shrouding the hills with protective 
          coverlets. the heat wave has come and gone and the buckeyes are all 
          gone sere with battered, bare limbs. mornings and evenings the pogonip 
          drifts in over the hills. all along the streets and byways, the aspens 
          and oaks flame with autumn colors of red and gold, creating piles of 
          multicolored rakeable detritus clogging gutters and drains. 
yes, that special season has come upon us when the air turns brisk 
          with scents of apples and chimney smoke and thoughts turn to traditions 
          and season rituals. dick and jane go gaily scampering through the fallen 
          leaves with ruddy cheeks and panting breath hand in hand, leaping over 
          babbling brook and fog-damp fallen tree, each dreaming of popping a 
          few rounds into a fifi, blasting the stuffing out of a silver-haired 
          poo with a brand new, polished thirty ought-six.
god! it is such a magical time! it is glorious america in fall! praise 
          the goddess for the red, white, and blue and shiny brass hollow-points!
yep, that much anticipated island event is nigh upon us once again, 
          the annual island-life poodleshoot and bbq.
we will be posting the official rules presently in the sidebar. for 
          now, last year's rules are up there to give you an idea of what this 
          dreadful celebration is all about. what is the annual island-life poodleshoot 
          you may ask. this year marks the 24th year that the 'shoot has taken 
          place and the 3rd time it will be held in two locations, after it moved 
          to marin where the infernal species abounds in great numbers and so 
          provides splendid opportunity for red-blooded american sport and also 
          returning to its original locations on the island. to commemorate past 
          glories a small ceremony will be held on the island which still holds 
          the old same place bar that funded much of the beverages. it is, in 
          short a tradition, and around here we are big on tradition. 
each year avid gun-nuts and hunters have gathered in the bay area for 
          the poodle hunt, renowned throughout the world as having few events 
          of such magnitude and utmost serious rivaling nascar races and the victoria's 
          secret fashion show and representatives from both events are expected 
          to attend along with the usual delegation from washington dc, and it 
          is expected that the incoming administration shall return with a strong 
          contingent of representatives. 
this year the hunting promises to be very good as marin is a haven 
          for misapplied sentiments and distracted emotions applied to a scurrilous 
          creature rather than fellow humankind. herds of the repulsive animals 
          are seen daily cavorting on pampered booties with atrocious pompoms 
          and bowties while nimbys protest the building of homeless shelters in 
          a nearby neighborhood and the incoming presidential group is known for 
          its love of big guns, the bigger the better.
eugene gallipagus has taken delivery of some new camo impermeables, 
          expecting some wet weather this year. denby, who never takes part save 
          to help dawn and padraic setup the bbq pit and the whiskey dispensers, 
          prefers to practice pa, that is poodle avoidance. besides he is still 
          recouperating from the last crossing on the dia de los muertos and the 
          even rougher than usual drawing of straws at the offices. he shouldn't 
          have tried to hide in that derelict covid isolation shack. the elections 
          were a hot mess anyway as baby booby basically made everyone so nauseated 
          by the name calling and booger flinging they mostly stayed home, handing 
          control of the tree house to the most immature, disgusting, rude and 
          unreasonable candidate that ever held office.
meanwhile a bunch of magats raiding a homeless encampment for the fun 
          of it accidentally knocked over a barrel being used as a toilet. a few 
          of them started rolling around in the offal under a drenching downpour 
          -- magats really like filth -- and then started chasing off the remaining 
          unhoused people who were thoroughly revolted.
the editor watched this from under his umbrella and then walked slowly 
          back to the offices, put the umbrella to dry in a wastebasket and sat 
          heavily in his chair at his desk which was lit by a pool of light coming 
          from his desklamp. 
what in the world have we come to? what have we done? what on earth 
          is going to happen to us? 










as the hours ticked by to the witching hour, the train horn keened 
          from oaktown across the estuary to echo off of the embankments of the 
          island breakwaters and ricochet its way off of the abandoned navy base 
          buildings, following the old, forgotten beltline that once led past 
          the cannery and the munitions factories, echoing along the oaktown embarcadero 
          and shuttered produce warehouses as the train itself trundled outward 
          through the darkness to an unknown destination. 
that's the way it is around the bay. have a great week.


 
november 3, 2024
i left my heart

when at a loss for an image there is always a friend getting one while 
          riding the ferry. this is sf en bleu. or maybe bluesville. who knows?
anacrusis
the horrific three digit temps have yielded to days of scattered cloud 
          and the occasional dewy morning. now is the time of late dawn in the 
          morning as the construction workers put on their boots beside their 
          trucks before the workday starts at seven and the appearance of longer 
          shadows in the afternoon, with the buckeyes now all sere and drooping 
          with poisonous fruit.
you may have noticed an election is coming up, one very presidential 
          and otherwise significant. babar, the perennial conservative, sat in 
          the old same place bar with papoon (not insane!) the somewhat liberal 
          candidate as the races by now were all decided and the next few days 
          would determine whether comon sense or radical extremism takes hold 
          of america.
saying that is not so partisan, given our deep divide, for each side 
          considers the other extremist nowadays.
i am walking with a ghost. please don't insist
so anyway. the time arrived to prepare for the crossing. denby put 
          on sturdy boots that deal well with walking on sand, jeans of course, 
          and a plaid shirt for the cold on coming and going. lastly he took up 
          his indiana jones fedora and a walking stick to compensate for the years 
          of injuries he had suffered, and so set out to the san geronimo station. 
          pretty soon a train arrived down sfd, horn tooting and blowing steam.
some of you may say with astonishment, there is no railway there anymore 
          and tracks along sir francis drake were torn up many years ago.
we have only this to say, in the time when the veils between the worlds 
          are thinnest, most unusual revenants will appear.
the time came for denby to make the annual crossover, which had remained 
          as a tradition even though the offices and the household had been transplanted 
          by force during the night of shattered fires. tradition has its own 
          powerful force as some of you may know. 
the sun descended and shadows grew long across the little avenues of 
          silvan acres. because of the creek passing through, and then the long 
          absent train line and now the road, this place had been a traveling 
          place for many hundreds, if not thousands of years.
the editor said, "go now," and so denby took his walking 
          cane and went out to the uplift where the earth was embanked higher 
          than in other places along the road.
a train came trundling along the way beside the sir francis drake boulevard, 
          even though the tracks that once had gone to the coast had been torn 
          up long ago. 
the machine heaved to a stop with steam and groaning and denby climbed 
          aboard and took his seat in a cabin with no other passengers in the 
          car. the train proceeded down sir francis drake, stopping at yolanda 
          landing and various points not known to denby and then proceeded south 
          and east through a dense fog that made identifying landmarks difficult. 
          for a long time everything outside the windows was entirely black and 
          denby assumed they were somehow crossing one of the bridges.
"endstation! endstation!"
at one point the train stopped and the conductor, a gaunt man wearing 
          a robe, came down the aisle announcing in a foreign accent "endstation! 
          endstation!"
denby disembarked to find he was on the shoreline road on the island. 
          he walked along the path there that bordered the brightly lit condos 
          and the seawall until he came to the iron gate, the gate which appeared 
          only for a few hours each year. he undid the latch and was greeted by 
          an owl. "who? who are you? who?!"
an iron bell began to clang and then he saw the vast expanse of bonfires 
          lit upon the beach. those bonfires lit by the souls waiting passage 
          to redemption or eternal fire.
a distant dog or set of dogs set up a jarring sound of barking.
he used his cane to push open the gate and so step through a veil of 
          mist to the other side where a long reach of strand with bonfires extended 
          to north and south, broken only at this height by the extension of a 
          stone landing.
as in years past, as he approached the portal, the voice bellowed to 
          him from some echoing deep cavern.
"lasciate ogni speranza voi ch'entrate!"
"lasciate ogni speranza voi ch'entrate!" and the words 
          flamed inside the skull as if poured in molten steel. just as it had 
          for the past 22 years.
for pete's sake. as per tradition, dammit, denby muttered.
a large owl, about two feet tall, perched on a piling scolded him with 
          large owl eyes.
"hoo! hoo! hoooooo!"
okay, okay. poor choice of words.
"hooooo!"
on the other side the ground sloped down as usual to the water for 
          about thirty yards, but he could not see the far lights of babylon's 
          port facilities or the coliseum. a dense, lightless fog hung a few yards 
          offshore, making it appear that the water extended out beyond to infinity. 
          the sky above was filled with black cloud and boiling with red flashes 
          of lightening and fire although not a drop of rain had fallen.
all up and down the strand he could now see that countless bonfires 
          had been lit, as is customary among our people in this part of the world 
          to do during the colder winter months along the strand, and towards 
          one of these he stumbled among drift and seawrack.
sitting around that fire, he recognized many faces. and many more all 
          up and down that beach. 
"ch'io non avrei mai creduto / che morte tanta n'avesse disfatta"
strange words in another language reverberated again inside the skull: 
          "si lunga tratta / di gente, ch'io non avrei mai creduto / che 
          morte tanta n'avesse disfatta" echoing and echoing down long 
          hallways of echos into eternity
a small child, barefoot and wearing a nightdress ran past and disappeared 
          as quickly as she had come.
a glimmering figure appeared before him, a woman shining with internal 
          light, her blonde hair glowing in that dark atmosphere, and clad in 
          gauzy fabric blown by an invisible wind. 
"denby!" said the woman. "there you are!"
"hello penny," denby said. "back again."
"a year has passed up there in your world, i guess. here another 
          year is all the same for waiting." 
several little girls, all between the ages of six and nine, wearing 
          pinafores ran barefoot across the sands between them and vanished into 
          the misty beyond.
a light was seen across the dark water approaching closer. extending 
          from the shore was a stone jetty with wood pilings, making a sort of 
          wharf. the light was revealed to be two red circles of fire approaching 
          that infernal wharf and a number of souls began to move to this location 
          from the several bonfires along the beach. 
"looks like the ferryman is coming," said denby. 
down from up above strode a lanky figure carrying a bass guitar. he 
          was singing, "and its just a box of rain, or a ribbon for your 
          hair, such a long long time to be gone. and such a short time to be 
          there. . . ".
"phil," said denby, " anything to say to us musicians 
          before you go?"
“what you can do is prepare yourself to be open; open for the 
          pipeline to open and the magic to flow down through us. it means leaving 
          yourself behind. it’s not a question of, oh god, don’t let 
          me fuck up, or anything like that. it’s a question of, “here 
          i am. work me, lord.” and the figure paused as he took a small 
          gold coin from his mouth. the obolu. “i know this winds a-blowing 
          and it's colder than a whores goodbye, but i'd like that thank y'all 
          for sticking with us." and with that phil went down the beach to 
          the wharf and gave up his fare to the ferryman, whose eyes are wheels 
          of fire. but that skiff was not headed south to the deadlands but across 
          to the glowing city of everafter life.
a bevy of girls scampered past denby and penny and disappeared giggling 
          into the darkness. daughters of the dust.
"do not forget to avoid looking into his eyes," penny said.
"don't worry," denby said, remembering the soul scalding 
          torment the one time he glimpsed ever so briefly into those wheels of 
          fire, how it felt his entire soul was about to be consumed in violent 
          torment. 
the skiff loaded up its cargo of souls and the ferryman pushed off 
          across the water and the two of them sat on the sand bank watching as 
          the glimmer of his eyes faded into the murky distance.
"so what is to happen to us, penny?" denby said as they watched 
          lightning flickers above the tumultuous blakean clouds above, limned 
          with gods and fire above this place of waiting in-between the worlds. 
          it is not hell nor heaven, neither mandos nor valhalla, but perhaps 
          purgatory, the anteroom which holds the last door the dead must visit 
          before going wherever they go at last at the end. it is the bush of 
          ghosts, offering one last opportunity to speak to the living. 
another group of girls ran up and stopped and stared at the two of 
          them. one dark-haired one with green eyes approached denby and said, 
          "papi?" but then she clapped a hand over her mouth and ran 
          off with the others.
"disappointed you never had family?" penny asked.
"well, what is, i can no longer change." denby said, with 
          some strain in his voice. "it is what it is."
"as to what is to come," penny said, "i cannot say, 
          other than i see a long time of suffering for all of you and nothing 
          good coming out of it." then she burst out laughing. "but 
          do not be so lugubrious!" she said. "its all a dream we dream 
          one afternoon, long ago!". and the wraith put her hand on his.
to the surprise of both of them, he felt it. this had not happened 
          before on many visits, for the dead are without contact to us on this 
          side of the veil.
"o!" she said. "you are becoming! the time is near for 
          you!"
denby lifted her hand, cold and beyond description. "things have 
          happened to me," he said. "and i feel i am losing hold of 
          that life."
"denby, face me," penny ordered. he did. she leaned forward 
          and their lips met and a cold, moist sensation went through him that 
          warmed inside and flickered into a little fire in his core until she 
          leaned away. the two of them looked up at the roiling sky which parted 
          for them to an open space that resembled a dark metal blanket with holes 
          punched in it and a light shining behind. streaks of falling angels 
          etched arcs above them. once in a while there was a little pop of light 
          as the angel exploded above and the children ran playing back and forth 
          on the beach down below.
"those not yet born and those never to be," penny said.
and so the two of them sat together on the sand bank until the tolling 
          of the iron bell.
time for you to go, penny said. i am sorry we don't have more time 
          during your annual visits to talk. and then she stood up, a shimmering 
          vision of luminescence.
denby arose and turned to go up the slope back to the gate which led 
          out of that place. he stumbled up as the insistent bell clanged its 
          fateful hours on the last day of el dias de los muertos, that day when 
          the veil between the worlds is thinnest.
"denby." penny said simply and he paused as a wind kicked 
          up with gusts.
she reached out her hands to cup his face. cold, so cold. he felt a 
          wetness on his lips, on his face. the rain had returned to norcal.
good-bye. until next time.
he ascended the slope as the sound of the bell and three dogs became 
          more insistent until he stumbled through the gate which slammed shut 
          behind him. there, an open door to a train compartment waited for him 
          and he climbed in to plotz into a seat in an otherwise empty railcar 
          with salty, wet cheeks. on the return journey, he reflected penny had 
          become in the afterlife what she had been before. in life she had been 
          a nurse during the height of the aids plague whose job it had been to 
          handle the affairs of patients who had been sent home from hospice as 
          they lapsed and eventually died and allowed her to handle the paperwork 
          of such things, there always the angel to usher souls to the door and 
          through it to the next form of existence, if any, beyond.
the train passed through shadowy regions of smoke and the skeletal 
          forms of houses and the smoke of spooks until it passed yolanda landing 
          and eventually to the san geronimo station, where denby disembarked. 
          from there he entered an ornate door standing right there on the landing 
          with no walls on either side and went dutifully to the island-life offices 
          on the island, located some miles away although he felt exhausted unto 
          death.
he did not question the door nor how its transportation method worked. 
          he was only a servant, as told to him many years ago. he would always 
          be a servant, a messenger, a courier carring letters of unknown import 
          while the prince stands above, his banners unfurled.
the editor awaited him as in years past.
"so this is the 24th time you have crossed over," said the 
          editor. "how was it this time?"
denby fell into a plush chair martini had snagged from a for free roadside 
          pile. he gave the editor the one thousand yard stare.
"i can tell you are wanting a drink. and by just the look of you, 
          so am i." the editor reached into the desk and pulled out a bottle 
          of glenfiddich and set two glasses on the desk before pouring more than 
          two fingers into each glass.
"so any talk about how the election is going to go? afraid there 
          is not any time to make an announcement for it will all be over by the 
          time the issue comes out."
"somehow the subjects did not come up," denby said.
"well, i suppose given past reports i should have expected that," 
          said the editor as he poured out the bottle. "but no harm in asking."
the train horn keened from oaktown across the spectral estuary to echo 
          off of the embankments of the island and then ricochet its way through 
          the haunted redwoods of marin's well-matriculated hills and slide over 
          the sleeping bulk of princess tamalpais, following the old, forgotten 
          railheads that once led along sir francis drake boulevard to the coast, 
          the sound stirring the coyotes who began to howl their evensong which 
          carried forth on the winds over fairfax and white hill, ululating through 
          silvan acres and the ghostly mist-shrouded niches of the san geronimo 
          valley, coursing with faint gray shapes along the ridge-tops through 
          the drifts of fog and dripping redwoods to an unknown destination. 
that's the way it is around the bay. have a great week.










as the hours ticked by to the witching hour, the train horn keened 
          from oaktown across the estuary to echo off of the embankments of the 
          island breakwaters and ricochet its way off of the abandoned navy base 
          buildings, following the old, forgotten beltline that once led past 
          the cannery and the munitions factories, echoing along the oaktown embarcadero 
          and shuttered produce warehouses as the train itself trundled outward 
          through the darkness to an unknown destination. 
that's the way it is around the bay. have a great week.


 
october 20, 2024
its all about the bones

he's back! a house in san anselmo first put up mr. bones last year, 
          then kept him up through spring with seasonal decorations. then he disappeared 
          for several months only to return in time for the season we all love.

walking with a ghost. please don't insist
the full moon is ushering in that time when the veils between the worlds 
          become thinnest. in dark alleyways, spooks sqweak and gibber. vampires 
          utter beguiling enticements in dark shadows of enormous rooms. freaks 
          and ghouls howl and deliver diatribes of bloodlust and hatred. unlit 
          doorways beget a legion of tiny cannibal monsters and papa satan strides 
          back and forth uttering impossible promises amid smoke and flames.
yes, election time is upon us once again. 
also almost upon us is the annual island-life crossover, itself haunted 
          by over 25 years of tradition. as per tradition, the editor convened 
          the annual drawing of straws in the refurbished offices on the island. 
          as per tradition, the stately rachel walked about the assembly with 
          a hat filled with straws. 
the purpose of the drawing was to determine by fate who was to cross 
          over into that realm from which no man ever returns. save a few exceptions 
          like ulysses one time and opheus, plus a few other comic book heros, 
          and for the past 20 years one representative from the island life staff. 
          why do this? because in times of peril, like such times as these, the 
          editor would fain have advance knowledge of what is coming down the 
          pike of the future. 
no one can deny that we live in parlous times. not the liberals. not 
          the magats. certainly not the unfortunate palistinians. not any in america 
          and not any in the world.
the time came to do roll call and it turned out denby was missing. 
          they found februs hiding under a woodpile and jose under his bed because 
          nobody wanted to be among the chosen to go visit the land of the dead 
          as this visit was terrible and full of spectral implications of the 
          most dire kind as well as revenants of feelings and memories that most 
          people would loathe revisit.
as it turned out denby had not moved from silvan acres and so still 
          habited the old place with its covid cabins and run down dilapidated 
          barn. 
a posse comitatus was dispatched to silvan acres in a vw microbus converted 
          by martini to methane and biofuel and so they fetched the hapless denby, 
          dragging him by his heels while eating bowls of beans so as to fuel 
          the vw microbus. the posse grabbed him from under the bed and tossed 
          him into the microbus, using shovels and rakes and other implements 
          of destruction and so brought that battered man over the bridge and 
          back to the east bay, land of promises unfulfilled. into the offices 
          denby was dragged with his feet making long scarf marks in the dust 
          behind him. 
the posse dumped him most ceremonily in front of the editor.
"hokay," said the editor when denby arrived. "now we 
          have a quorum."
denby glared underneath his hat while tied to a chair. he stared at 
          februs, who stood all six inches of him, upon an umbrella stand.
"februs, how could you?"
februs had revealed denby's location. 
"it is the trumpian age of cruelty," said februs. "in 
          this age they go for the weak and the easily blameable. it was either 
          you or me."
"enough discourse," the editor said. "draw!"
and so the statuesque rachel walked about the room with the hat and 
          each drew a straw and nervously compared their draw to the neighbor's. 
          finally it came to denby and he was made to draw and of course, according 
          to tradition, he lost has he has lost each year for the past 25 years 
          this lottery has been held , and most of the company there breathed 
          sighs of relief. tradition was upheld and none of them would have to 
          descend to hell. 
the proceedings followed the same outline as has been practiced for 
          the past 22 years. rachel took her hat loaded with straws around the 
          tables at which staff members sat. marlene and andre, not members of 
          staff, had supplied a platter of ham and cheese sandwiches which no 
          one touched. not even the kosher caprese rolls. each staff member drew 
          a straw from the hat held aloft by the statuesque rachel. the tension 
          in the room continued to mount as each staffer drew. each held their 
          straw in trembling hands until denby was compelled to draw, at which 
          all the staff, save denby, exhaled sighs of relief. once again, according 
          to tradition, denby had drawn the shortest straw. as he had each time 
          for the past 23 years.
and so they all filed out, clapping denby on the back congratulating 
          him on his good fortune while muttering under breath as they exited 
          the door, "thank god it is not me, poor sod!"
then it became suddenly okay to demolish the platter of sandwiches, 
          which they did, washing down with cheap red wine from a gallon jug on 
          the porch.
finally denby was left alone with the editor.
"so i guess the infernal train shall arrive on schedule to take 
          me there as usual," denby said.
"is tradition," said the editor. "you are chosen and 
          that is that,"
denby walked out onto the porch and breathed in the dry, cold air of 
          fall. once again he was chosen for the crossover as part of tradition. 
          someone asked, "what does this mean to you to be chosen year after 
          year"? 
a tzadik once said, "it is not always to advantage to be chosen". 
          but ironically one has no choice. no one really ever does. 
the battered denby found a heap of cushions on which to collapse and 
          so descend into that blessed sleep that knits up the raveled sleeve 
          of care. 




as the hours ticked by to the witching hour, the train horn keened 
          from oaktown across the estuary to echo off of the embankments of the 
          island breakwaters and ricochet its way off of the abandoned navy base 
          buildings, following the old, forgotten beltline that once led past 
          the cannery and the munitions factories, echoing along the oaktown embarcadero 
          and shuttered produce warehouses as the train itself trundled outward 
          through the darkness to an unknown destination. 
that's the way it is around the bay. have a great week.


 
october 13, 2024
scary monsters, super creeps

whats the buzz tell me what's a happening
we have come out of some medical issues where the good doctors have 
          prodded, poked and removed a few things and ordered regimens of chemicals 
          that do not make one high in the slightest, so we do not know what that 
          is all about.
this sort of thing of being tubed and cut into does slow a man down 
          but now we are returned to horse and "richard's himself again."
that line, just to let you know, was a filmographer's invention and 
          never written by shakespeare or any of his supposed stand-ins.
so now we are back to it, despite dismal prognosis of incurable things. 
          death and life are both incurable so it should not be surprising there 
          is a subset of health animosities. so we know how we are going to die; 
          that's a relief. most people fret as they age wondering what will be 
          the next big thing. at least we have firm assurances. 
might as well write a few more island-life episodes while we are at 
          it. 
drive you home again
so anyway, the triple digit temps have yielded to comfort zone air 
          and the cars were all sprinkled with diamonds this morning after a late 
          night shower. other places east of here are faring not so well with 
          murderous heat and further east disastrous hurricanes plus tornados. 
        
we have entered into the month-long party season of october that ramps 
          up with increasing atavistic frenzy until the orgiastic climax of halloween 
          offers some kind of release to a lot of people. its time to play-act 
          your fantasies and cut loose until that night when the veils between 
          the worlds become thinnest and revenants pass back and forth. 
and yes, once again a representative from island-life will perform 
          the annual crossover to the other side, that borne from which no man 
          returns. save for denby.
in local news the feral children of fairfax have been at it again, 
          kicking down doors and running wild in the early hours. they captured 
          one with his e-bike and no one could approach the creature who hissed 
          and spit and snarled animal noises while uttering gutteral curses that 
          would cause a sailor to blanche.
sheriff dumbly stood just beyond the reach of his chain which was attached 
          securely to an iron ring embedded in the cement outside of the library. 
          his e-bike lay on the ground out of reach of the youngster.
a woman walking a poodle all done up with an atrocious barber-cut and 
          a pink bow scolded the sheriff for putting the boy on a chain. she began 
          to approach the kid and one of the deputies there held her back by force.
"ma'am i do not think getting near this thing is a good idea."
the kid rose up snarling and hissing and gave the woman the finger. 
          "f**k you ya old doddering b**ch. go soak yer t**t in gasoline! 
          arrrgrrrr!" he gnashed his teeth and flung himself at her, but 
          the chain held.
the woman staggered back clutching her pearls. "such bad manners!"
by this time a small crowd had gathered. one of the men there asked 
          the sheriff what was to be done about this creature who snarled and 
          spat obsenities.
"well in my opinion we ought to make sure this animal does not 
          breed any more like him and then put him to work before the latest proposition 
          to prevent that part of it gets passed by the liberals, but then my 
          opinion counts for little these days.
at this point the kid began howling and barking like a dog.
"here now! here now! i am gonna sue all of you!" a short 
          man in his forties with receding hairline and a checked waistcoat accosted 
          a man standing there.
"you there, who are you? what is your name and where do you live? 
          i am going to sue you for transgressions."
the man staggered back under the verbal assault. "i am just standing 
          here! i had no part in anything!"
"so you say. i am going to sue you all the same. and you and you 
          and you with the feathers: i am going to sue the lot of you! now, then 
          let's see this boy . . .".
the man strode up to just the edge of the semicircle people knew was 
          the furthest reach of the chain. "boy!" he said. 
in answer the boy cowered down,snuffling and grunting. the man, however 
          remained outside the reach of the chain length.
"i understand an e-bike is involved. where is it?"
someone indicated the machine lying on its side.
"i shall of course sue for damages and assault." said the 
          man. "i am a fourth generation californian of the family trumpet, 
          and we do not take insult with impunity!"
"assault?" said someone. "that kid ran down mrs. grimoire 
          and punched mr. sanchez in the face while screaming the most vile obscenities 
          and threats at everyone! he is the one guilty of assault!"
"if he did that, which remains unproven . . .".
"hey!" exclaimed mrs. grimoire, who stood there in her torn 
          and dirtied gingham housedress. 
". . . it undoubtedly was provoked without cause. 
the sheriff unlocked the padlock at the street level while deputies 
          kept the kid at bay with cattleprods, and then handed the chain to mr. 
          trumpet who said, "come along joshua!"
at that moment a battalion of e-bike riders swooped in among the people, 
          cursing and kicking old ladies and so grabbed joshua and his ebike and 
          rode off tossing m80 explosives as a distraction while kicking in doors 
          right and left.
"well," said one citizen with a shitzpoo on a silver filagree 
          chain. "i do declare."
marin is not like other places. it is far more strange.
as the hours ticked by to the witching hour, the train horn keened 
          from oaktown across the estuary to echo off of the embankments of the 
          island breakwaters and ricochet its way off of the abandoned navy base 
          buildings, following the old, forgotten beltline that once led past 
          the cannery and the munitions factories, echoing along the oaktown embarcadero 
          and shuttered produce warehouses as the train itself trundled outward 
          through the darkness to an unknown destination. 
that's the way it is around the bay. have a great week.


 
august 18, 2024
calling the moon 

image is from several years ago and was prompted by the appearance 
          of a full moon over the bay this week. this image is called moon over 
          the sleeping lady.
these dog days are over
so anyway, the rabid child of fairfax who ran amok biting people has 
          been enclosed in a glass cage to prevent further infection; there he 
          throws himself against the plexiglass and threatens lawsuits from his 
          father. a number of his mates have reported to school and are now assailing 
          their teachers who are trained to deal with disruptive behavior. the 
          school administration of sir francis drake high is dealing with the 
          problem by sealing all cell phones in a lock box and chaining all e-bikes 
          until the end of the scholastic day.
rumors that the school changed its name are exaggerated by limpy apologists 
          for slavery of all types. changing the name of the high school evaded 
          doing anything productive or meaningful about race relations as sfd, 
          the man, experienced first hand what slavery was all about by working 
          on a slave ship, which compelled him to become a lifelong abolitionist 
          informed by realities of which the apologists seem to have not a clue.
in any case citizens armed with walking canes and escrima sticks have 
          parked at the doorways of the cvs. a few whacks of the justifiably named 
          eh-scream-a stick have calmed the situation down enormously. as a result 
          the children have stopped running e-bikes through the aisles of safeway 
          and have stopped assaulting senior citizens. 
the kid who ran about biting people still remains under observation 
          by representatives of the cdc, along with the lot of them. the feral 
          kids of fairfax are getting notice worldwide.
tales of the nonprofits part ii - the hospital
denby works in a public hospital. the hospital is run by a consortium 
          of fqhc type of folk who speak this distinctive language of governement 
          acronyms. they have got hirsa grants. they have got ryan white funding. 
          they have got medi-cal and medicare and a truckload of entitlement among 
          the licensed.
the unlicensed and the merely certified must needs slave under the 
          usual onus suffered by underlings in this upstairs\downstairs society. 
          what is upstairs and what is downstairs seems to have fluid resonance 
          related to proximity to wealth and power. comes the welcome friday and 
          ser david announces to the staff he has an important social engagement 
          and he expects them all to carry on to five at least if not past that. 
        
then off the fellow flounces, the third of his generation of still 
          breeding thoughts, and the rest of the unlicensed and not-certified 
          must make do as the arduous hours tick by and the sunlight shifts shadows 
          across the desks with laborious effort.
call comes in to it helpdesk at 4:30pm from ser bothany blatherswort 
          that finance needs a sudden implementation of a program by monday morning. 
          the director gets this information and makes two comments, one public 
          and one private. the private comment to the engineer, who is planning 
          - as an unlicensed - to end the day with four margaritas, is as follows 
        
"fuck-em. their miserable lack of planning is not going to wreck 
          my department, stressed as it is by several whimsical initiatives engendered 
          by assholes who could not plan a child's birthday party. we will take 
          it up on monday".
the public comment is as follows, "we will discuss this matter 
          on monday at seven in an organized fashion. have a nice weekend."
 
          there will be sorrow no more
the editor sat heavily behind his desk, the one with the pool of light 
          cast in the late hours by the single desklamp. he had the triple monitor 
          setup people like him often have, each screen displaying the day's news 
          in windows. there, ukraine and its war against the invader. there palestine 
          and its misery. there the windows for the electoral candidates and what 
          at times seems the last battle for democracy and all for which it stood 
          at one time.
did we not defeat the nazis? and for what? for this? this magat swell 
          of intolerance and bigotry and misogyny and willingness to surrender 
          truth and justice to imaginary security behind a great wall?
then again, the feral children of fairfax who rampage all over town 
          with no sense of boundaries or that someone is out there regulating 
          their lord of the flies mentality. is this what we have made? kids who 
          never will have any capacity to operate in any functional manner for 
          years to come. 
was this just kids being kids and doing the same sorts of unruly things 
          his generation had done?
there felt a difference. his generation still knew the difference between 
          right and wrong and were embarrassed when confronted. these kids rejected 
          any judgement and insisted on their "right" to break stuff, 
          hurt people, cause anguish to someone else. they had no moral compass. 
          in fact, they had no compass at all, but blindly thrust forward and 
          sought every opportunity to evade accountabiltity. 
much like many of their elders today. you do not like the way the elections 
          went? okay so you deny the results in the face of the obvious evidence 
          and pretend you were wronged and since you do not like the way elections 
          went, you try to do away with elections and you caville and lie and 
          decieve and cheat and steal and threaten and browbeat anyone who disagrees 
          with you and you act outrageous and insult and bully to get your way. 
          and that is what the children see. and they learn. 

          and yet, despite so many angry people remain outraged that we dared 
          to elect a black man as president, now they face the triple threat of 
          a black woman becoming president and this time we are ready to counter 
          birtherist lies and all sorts of insulting behavior. take one thing 
          for the truth; a black woman takes no crap and will be strong enough 
          for any of the folderol coming from the extremists. 
she has been put down for over 400 years; what is just one more?
as the hours ticked by to the witching hour, the train horn keened 
          from oaktown across the estuary to echo off of the embankments of the 
          island breakwaters and ricochet its way off of the abandoned navy base 
          buildings, following the old, forgotten beltline that once led past 
          the cannery and the munitions factories, echoing along the oaktown embarcadero 
          and shuttered produce warehouses as the train itself trundled outward 
          through the darkness to an unknown destination. 
that's the way it is around the bay. have a great week.


 
july 31, 2024

          you lookin' at me?

the drying out of the hinterland has led to some species heading down 
          into town after the smell of water. we will have photos of some of those 
          following them after. 

          dont wait
a lot has happened. javier had his 66 birthday down there on the quad 
          in the open, and of course the ex-girlfriends descended like valkries 
          to asail the sward with fire and smoke and whips. naturally denby was 
          caught up in this atavistic boil of savagery and violence and wound 
          up in the hospital and then the city jail.
that was june. then july 4th hit with the annual mayor's parade on 
          the island and the usual disruptions caused by people trying to insert 
          themselves into the largest small town parade in america, even though 
          the island is now home to over 100,000 souls which kind of subtracts 
          from the small town category.
someone tried to shoot with a bb gun baby boobie bobbie in the treehouse 
          as he was giving a speech about evicting the emigrant daycare people 
          on the island. the bb nicked his ear and the shooter was soon grabbed 
          by his parents and now baby boobie is claiming the hand of god intervened 
          and people really got sick of it pretty quick.
an article appeared in the marin gerbil about an attack upon a citizen 
          of fairfax by a group of feral fairfax kids loose on e-bikes who surrounded 
          the 66 year old man and bit him. the victim is being taken to marin 
          general for observation and treatment for possible infection while negotiations 
          are under way with the parents to determine if the child has rabies. 
          the usual method of examination is to remove the cephalus and send it 
          off to a lab for examination, but there are some impediments in this 
          case for executing the procedures. rabies is a concern in the semi-rural 
          county environment.
nothing else can explain this unusual frothing behavior the county 
          inspector said. a program to round up the feral kids of fairfax has 
          been proposed at the next city council meeting.
the editor strolls the silent aisles of the newsroom after all the 
          reporters and copywriters have left for the evening, fans idly pushing 
          the last of the day's heat around in circles. lately he had given in 
          to despair, sitting in his office, talking to no one, listening to dire 
          news about floods and fires and hurricanes and drinking far too much 
          water of life, believing people in a group will always do the wrong 
          thing that will inevitably destroy themselves. but also, lately things 
          had begun to change. there was a fresh scent on the air, sharp and pungent 
          as lemon verbena.
word has it a new season of hope and optimism is dispelling the gloom 
          that followed the disastrous debate where one candidate appeared to 
          seize up. things had not looked so good even before that happened with 
          far too many people all too willing to surrender stability and freedom 
          for the sake of the familiar empty promises and threats of a demigogue, 
          the type of which is very familiar to europeans who witnessed the harnessing 
          of entire national resources of several countries to the dedication 
          of evil. 
it is no wonder one of his literary mentors favored the distraction 
          of collecting lepidoptera while living as an immigrant exile far from 
          that sort of surrender to tyranny and its pretend security. collecting 
          moths is a fine way to divert attention briefly from inevitable and 
          vulgar truths. you cannot reverse the prison of time. you cannot go 
          home again. you cannot have things as they ever were in your mind. 
those heartland folks have never known war on their soil, never suffered 
          the jackboots of strident authoritarianism in their homespun towns, 
          never seen what happens when every problem, real and imaginary, is blamed 
          on an handful of others, the dark races, the foreigners in our midst. 
          they have never seen the aftermath of total destruction that ensues 
          and never personally witnessed a dirty war in their cornfields. they 
          never have known anyone pushed out of a helicopter over the ocean 200 
          miles from shore. they believe that detention centers from which no 
          one ever emerges alive cannot happen to their own families. surely not. 
          not in the good old yew ess of a.
abu graib? well that was a few bad apples. and besides, those people 
          are not scarcely human. they do not speak english and in fact they do 
          not even want to!
how easy it is to fall under the spell of the one ring and its whispers. 
          go ahead. put me on now. you will be powerful and will crush all the 
          weak ones under your fist and you will restore order. you and you alone 
          have the ability to establish order. ordnung muss sein, it used to be 
          said.
perhaps because of this new spirit of optimism, perhaps because he 
          finally won that internal battle against the lure of the ring, the editor 
          decided to start it all up again. in the hot spell of the summer night 
          of this global climate changing (all things, as you know, are fated 
          to mutation) a hawkmoth banged against the window screen and remained 
          there, clinging to a desire for light. yes, tonight is a good night 
          for mothing.

as the hours ticked by to the witching hour, the train horn keened 
          from oaktown across the estuary to echo off of the embankments of the 
          island breakwaters and ricochet its way to following the old, forgotten 
          beltline that once led past the cannery and the munitions factories, 
          echoing along the oaktown embarcadero and shuttered produce warehouses 
          as the train itself trundled outward through the darkness to an unknown 
          destination. 
that's the way it is on the island. have a great week.


may 5, 2024
all about the bones

heard that someone in san anselmo had resurrected a halloween decoration 
          for spring, so we just had to toddle on down the hill for a looksee. 
          looks like mr. bones has a mememto vive in his hand. "to 
          the virgins to make much of time . . .".
this is our last dance / under pressure
so anyway, denby wound up in jail again on valentines day because he 
          forgot to take his key when taking out the laundry at midnight and got 
          caught out without his pants. when he got out of jail with the hookers 
          and the shopping cart homeless in the bleary blue hours of dawn, he 
          made his way back to the household to get ready for the st. patricks' 
          day festivities at the old same place bar on the island. 
as in years past, the wee man showed up with his magic tricks and members 
          of the angry elf gang tried to upset things and ruin the vibe, something 
          they really like to do for some reason unknown to the reast of us such 
          that the motto, "i loathe pushy people" has become more and 
          more in vogue. especially since the proliferation of magahats, or maggots 
          as they can be termed. these magats have been running around shouting 
          at the top of their lungs about all kinds of mean, nasty, ugly things 
          and there seems nobody can do a thing about it. kill all the furriners! 
          kill all the liberals! he is the man who gets things done! like was 
          said about mussolini. but nevermind.
the angry elf gang came in while people where peacable minding their 
          business and the man from minot was in the last stages of finishing 
          a jenga tower of blocks about three feet high when the gang busted in 
          and knocked it all down with a careless guesture and the wee man turned 
          their weapons into corncobs and bouquets of limp lupin.
nothing like having your switchblade turned into lupin, i tell you.
a number of staff have been out due to medical reasons, so the issues 
          have been delayed. the editor promises to recify the problem and the 
          irresponsible shall be tossed into the island oubliette.
pesach in the household, which is honored every year by marlene and 
          andre was a somber event quite unlike usual times, given the world political 
          situation. 
what's going on
we intrude for a rare real-world discussion about what has been going 
          on. the weekly issues have been late because of interference by both 
          life and death with death being the more uncompromising influence. dear 
          readers, of those listed on the masthead, only denby and the editor 
          are still alive and operational in the world as we know it. both chad, 
          our html coder, and tammy, our photographer have passed away, leaving 
          a tremendous vacuum at the offices. beatrice, our graphic artist, is 
          still, more or less, alive, but stashed away in a memory unit in sonoma; 
          she is no longer able to communicate verbally and has to be hand-fed 
          and dressed by someone else.
the editor is not doing so well either, for each day begins with a 
          litany of pills and potions and more bad news from the doctor. did you 
          ever think when you were young and your body a coiled spring that just 
          walking down the street would become a painful hobble?
we got chris smither's latest cd, all about the bones and have come 
          to realize that great musician has it sussed, having reached the final 
          half of the final quarter with the understanding it is now all over 
          save for how to spend the time that is left measured in minutes now 
          instead of years.
we had a good run for over 20 years and for a while the issues will 
          remain as a sort of historical record of our times, our foolishness 
          and our greatness be that what it may. the island-life staff, the offices, 
          the old same place bar, the household of marlene and andre, the poodleshoot, 
          jaqueline's salon, and even the iranian spy submarine el chadoor are 
          stuff that dreams are made of and will eventually vanish like bloom 
          county into thin air.
as chris says in "completion", 
if it ain't the end i'm pretty sure it's near.
          and in the dimming light,
          no one should fight your right
          to drop a curtain . . . 
          . . . 
you'll simply take what comes,
          and forego
          anticipation
the unnamable
the editor moved down the aisles of the desks festooned with ropes 
          of green and red festive garlands and blinking led lights hung in celebration 
          of a military victory won on this day in 1862. jesus had gone off with 
          pedro and jose with a bottle of tequila in commemoration of that battle 
          between mexico and french invaders. it had been a sharp rebuke to europe 
          and a firm statement that no, you may no do just anything you want. 
        
the editor sat down at his usual seat at the table with the little 
          pool of light shed by the desklamp, still doing all for company while 
          all around hung the curtains of darkness. but first he had a shot of 
          cazadores. then another.
on the threshold of his story. "i'll go on, you must say words, 
          as long as there are any . . . before the door that opens on my story, 
          that would surprise me, if it opens, it will be i, it will be the silence, 
          where i am, i don't know, i'll never know in the silence you don't know, 
          you must go on, i can't go on, i'll go on."
as the hours ticked by to the witching hour, the train horn keened 
          from oaktown across the estuary to echo off of the embankments of the 
          island breakwaters and ricochet its way to following the old, forgotten 
          beltline that once led past the cannery and the munitions factories, 
          echoing along the oaktown embarcadero and shuttered produce warehouses 
          as the train itself trundled outward through the darkness to an unknown 
          destination. 
that's the way it is on the island. have a great week.

january 21, 2024
somewhere out there on that horizon

welcome back my friends to the show that never ends
so anyway. it has been a while and there have been lacunae in our posts. 
          we will try to make up for that with additions to the island stories 
          section. we will be trimming down the sidebar fat as far as the calendar 
          and other offshoots goes. 
and we will be returning to the island, made famous by erika von strade 
          at a noteworthy prarie home companion episode. no more mucking about 
          the hot tubs of marin, which is a wierd enough place that it deserves 
          its own commentator. in fact, marin is so wierd and humorless that it 
          feels nigh impossible to parody any of its most ridiculous hobbyhorses. 
          all we could do is describe factually what people believe and other 
          people remark, "o you made that all up! nawwww! that can't be true!"
sort of takes the wind out of one's creativity.

so long-time island-lifers will recognize a return to the familiar 
          and the 15 member household of andre and marlene and mr. howitzer ensconced 
          in his mansion on grand street with an entrance guarded by two stone 
          lions. 
it has been a long, difficult journey to return to our roots, but given 
          the dangers to our democracy and to common sense in general, we feel 
          it necessary in the absence of sane islands like bloom county to give 
          perspective, we need to return to the forefront and not yield to the 
          petty threats of a petty wannabee napoleon, a course thug of threatening 
          opportunity driving a red sportscar about the town like a stuffed-shirt 
          wearing the big boots of a golem.
the household endured the holidays with usual stoicism and a fir tree 
          found somewhere and set in the old washtub. the decorations are all 
          taken down and we have had some merciful rain to slow down the advent 
          of the next fire season. 
pastor nyquist and father danyluk spent the new year's eve as usual, 
          sitting before a fire while enjoying the fruits of the catholic wine 
          cellar and discussing matters of theological import along with gossip 
          about their respective parishoners. the old year ticked over into the 
          next until sister profundity tucked the snoozing lutheran and the priest 
          in with woolen blankets before banking the fire.
the editor meditated on this and other traditions while at his desk 
          in the darkened offices of the island-life newsroom. there in the san 
          geronimo valley all remained silent as 2023 tottered away to die without 
          a sound while the island and oaktown erupted with the usual illegal 
          fireworks and gunfire until roving patrol cars put a stop to spontaneous 
          jubilance, leaving the town in the keeping of the one who was sweeping 
          up the ghosts of saturday night. 
soon they would all be returning to their hometown where they all belonged. 
          they would return to a touch of wonder with brunhilde and borg, jaqueline's 
          salon and the ever amorous luther (the classic gentleman in dustcoat, 
          waiting, to the old same place bar with padraic, dawn and suzie, to 
          bosco the pig, to the island's many many churches which includes el 
          adelphian iglesia del luz de los cajóns de estacionamiento del 
          mundo.
and of course to the el chadoor, the forgotten iranian spy submarine, 
          forgotten and lost in the teheran bureaucracy for 25 years, but still 
          carrying out its vague mission in the oakland estuary. why did the submarine 
          hide in the estuary? because it was the only part of the bay deep enough 
          for a sub to dive because it had been dredged for the big container 
          ships.
amy holiday, one of the islands two hookers, and ms. morales, the schoolteacher 
          at longfellow. and of course mrs. almeida's chickens and fifteen children. 
          mr. almeida spent this rare evening at home, for a fisherman does not 
          rest long when the crab is ready to be taken. 
a house not scooped up by developers was found for let; another one 
          bedroom cottage at a price obscene for a single couple, but with 15 
          souls they would make do. soon they would all be going home.

as the hours ticked by to the witching hour, the train horn keened 
          from oaktown across the estuary to echo off of the embankments of the 
          island breakwaters and ricochet its way to following the old, forgotten 
          beltline that once led past the cannery and the munitions factories, 
          echoing along the oaktown embarcadero and shuttered produce warehouses 
          as the train itself trundled outward through the darkness to an unknown 
          destination. 
that's the way it is on the island. have a great week.

 
to revisit previous issues, go to the archives below.
 .


 



archives
 

top of page
island life © 1999 - 







 
    what is silvan acres & island life?





 island life only




 ☛ text sizer
smaller
100%
larger





landslide preparedness



mudslide 
            safety for the home: how to assess your risk and take preventative 
            action 
landslide 
              safety checklist
landslide 
              & mudslide safety
weather wiz 
              kids: landslides

updates: 2020
the 
              ultimate mudslide safety guide
8 
              warning signs that a landslide is about to strike
post-fire 
              debris flow facts
ultimate 
              guide to drought safety
the 
              7 most common signs of sinkholes
drinking 
              water safety guide to use during & after a flood
disaster 
              preparedness for pets











books in print 
  and on kindle







professional services
om networking




local event calendar

    selected list of local events


back pain

    living with back pain


amusements
reviews
island stories- 2 decades



      annual poodleshoot rules 2022



      past poodleshoots

camping in the high sierra


audio & podcasts
news from the island
    nye 2013

news from the islandnye 2010






      flyover podcast
part 1- take off
part 
      2-the red lever




      2008 holiday podcast
part one
part two



      2006 poodleshoot audio clip


city arts& lectures

le hippo enragee


the stealth turn


local people
jim kitson memorial

mike's found box of rare photos @ high sierra org





blogging bayportlauren do


alameda patch


 



the carport orchestra



if you got here by mistake and really want to go to hawaii, this 
    link will take you to an appropriate travel agency 
. 
    this link is neither a paid advert nor an endorsement for any products or 
    services. 

    space available for advertising
 






