










homepage - crysteel

















































































 





skip to main content





warranty
507-726-2728 

 

distributor login












menuproductshoistslo-boy®stingray®roller-combo®marathon®turbo®light dump bodiese-tippers-tippermedium & heavycontractorapexselect dump bodiesmilitary bodiesdump body & hoist accessoriesapplicationspublic works – high quality equipment municipalities can rely onlandscaping – versatility for hauling material, equipment and palletslight construction – high durability no matter the truck sizecontracting – everyday bodies designed to make your business a successmilitary bodies – tough enough for the best military in the worldaggregate hauling – maximize your payload with crysteelsnow & ice – reliable products for both winter maintenance and heavy stormspaving – spec’d for success with better cleanout and easier paver accessconstruction – tough enough for the best military in the worlddemolition – heavy-duty design, ready to power throughresourcesaboutour missionresource centertroubleshooting5 year warrantybecome a distributorfind a distributoremploymentgallerycontact





 














in the heart of the midwest 
							made in the usa; 
							 


in a job well done 
							we take pride 
							 


quality built for over 50 years 
							the world's best 
							 

view products 
							contact us 
							




welcome tocrysteel manufacturing


crysteel manufacturing inc., one of the world’s leading dump body, hoist, and platform manufacturers, is known for its product innovations and dedication to quality. crysteel is committed to building the world’s best dump truck bodies and hoists.


5 year warrantycrysteel offers a 5-year warranty on all of our products – that’s how much we believe in their reliability!
plant expansionwe are expanding and updating our facilities to provide the highest quality products for our customers.
iso 9001:2015crysteel’s quality processes are certified to iso 9001:2015 standards. click here to learn more
about out management system.
our productsconstructionhigh-strength bodies & hoists
landscapingversatility for landscape pros
military bodiestough enough for the best
public worksequipment munis can rely on
snow & icebodies for winter & heavy storms
aggregate haulingmaximize your payload







see what people have to say 
							"crysteel truck equipment has had the opportunity to grow with crysteel manufacturing over the years, offering a wide variety of dump body hoists, grain bodies, dump bodies, tippers, and contractor bodies to our valued customers. they offer great products, are easy to work with, and offer a industry-leading 5-year warranty!" 
							keyboard_arrow_right
keyboard_arrow_left
chad wiens, crysteel truck equipment 
							
 


see what people have to say 
							“our distinct advantage in selling crysteel is the quality and the innovation in the product line that they have.” 
							keyboard_arrow_right
keyboard_arrow_left
terry weiseler, truck equipment, inc. 
							
 


see what people have to say 
							“work truck west and crysteel have a long history of working together for almost 25 years! at work truck west, we build tough, dependable, custom work trucks and use only the best top-quality products. crysteel's dedication to quality is the reason why we have worked together and will continue to into the future.”  
							shawn vandersluis, work truck west 
							keyboard_arrow_right
keyboard_arrow_left

 


see what people have to say 
							crysteel dump bodies and hoists have been a major part of our business plan since the mid 1990s. crysteel's standard products are second to none, and their ability to customize has enabled us to stand out in california. i also value the friendships that i have made with crysteel employees over the years. working with them always feels like a family atmosphere. 
							dave wilcox, universal truck body, inc. 
							keyboard_arrow_right
keyboard_arrow_left

 








find a distributor in your area








your location




search radius

25 mi50 mi100 mi500 mi1000 mi



results

281216





























contact crysteel manufacturing today


the world's best dump truck bodies and hoists


contact uscontact usfacebookyoutubelinkedincontact


507-726-2728
sales@crysteel.com





52182 ember road
lake crystal, mn 56055




52182 ember road lake crystal, mn 56055


links


distributor login
about
gallery
contact





products
privacy policy
other federal signal companies
warranty





   a birmingham web design company





privacy policy | accessibility statement | 2023 crysteel. lake crystal, mn.




privacy policy | accessibility statement | 2023 crysteel. lake crystal, mn.


 




back to top











 





   
products

hoists

lo-boy®stingray®roller-combo®marathon®turbo® back 
light dump bodies

e-tippers-tipperlandscape tipper back 
medium & heavy duty

contractorapexselect dump bodies back 
military bodiesdump body & hoist accessories back
applications

public workslandscapinglight constructioncontractingmilitary bodiesaggregate haulingsnow & icepavingconstructiondemolition back
resources

about usour missionresource centertroubleshooting5 year warrantybecome a distributorfind a distributor back
employmentgallerycontactdistributor login

			× close panel		




























































