






puppetpub – sewing patterns & printables


















 





skip to content

puppetpub
sewing patterns & printables


menu
home

policies and acknowledgements


sewing projects & patterns

sew simple puppets
three-dog-night door draft stopper (free sewing pattern!)


paper printables

bear heart finger puppets
bunny finger puppets


 






lucky shamrock and clover coasters on we like sewing 


january 31, 2025 

we like sewing magazine has graciously published my lucky shamrock and clover coasters patterns. since these felt coasters are quick and easy to make, there’s still plenty of time to sew them before st. patrick’s day.






love letter throw pillow 


december 31, 2024 

this sweet love letter won’t disappear like flowers or chocolates, because it’s a decorative throw pillow. the fleece envelope unbuttons to reveal a heart-covered pillow, with a pocket where you can hide little love notes.
thank you to we like sewing for the adorable photo!


 
 





leopard winter warmer 


december 31, 2024 

this flannel leopard winter warmer that i got to design for we like sewing is stuffed with rice, so you can microwave it for a soothing, warm neck or shoulder wrap.






so cute, it’s spooky bunting on we like sewing 


august 31, 2024august 31, 2024 

my kawaii inspired fall bunting is on the cover of the september issue of we like sewing!

as always, i had so much fun designing the patterns for this simple felt project. i love the way it looks on the mini tree.
 





emoji lip balm cases on we like sewing 


august 1, 2024 

we like sewing magazine just published my “sure to bring a smile emoji lip balm cases.”
these are fun and quick to make. working on them definitely made me smile!






two new fun summer articles in we like sewing 


june 3, 2024 

this month, i’ve got not one but two new articles in we like sewing magazine! both of these are fun projects for summer, but they are very different types of sewing.
first up is a pair of patriotic pennants:

these are felt, with mostly hand-sewn appliques and some simple embroidery.
the second summer project is freeze pop cozies. the fleece and cotton covers keep kids’ hands warm while holding ice pops, and are super quick to sew by machine.

have fun doing some summer sewing!





spiral snail stuffed animal 


may 1, 2024 

we like sewing’s may issue features patterns and instructions for my spiral snail! i used to doodle snails like this many years ago in school, and i’m so happy to have finally turned him into a stuffed animal.







donut worry fabric bowl covers 


march 10, 2024 

we like sewing magazine just published my donut worry fabric bowl covers. these fun fabric bowl covers look like donuts on top and come in three different sizes. you can make them reversible with a fun print, or use a nylon lining to make them quick to wipe down.






love grows here baby picture book on we like sewing 


december 29, 2023 

we like sewing just published my “love grows here” cloth baby book. i really enjoyed making these cheerful patterns!

 
if you become a we like sewing gold club subscriber, you can download the patterns to make this at home. enjoy!





comfort and joy felt banner on we like sewing 


june 1, 2023october 31, 2023 

we like sewing just published my comfort and joy felt banner! this project was so much fun to make, and i really enjoyed drawing all the cute woodland animals in winter clothes.
if you become a we like sewing gold club subscriber, you can download the patterns to make this at home. enjoy!
 








search for:



  recent posts 

lucky shamrock and clover coasters on we like sewing


love letter throw pillow


leopard winter warmer


so cute, it’s spooky bunting on we like sewing


emoji lip balm cases on we like sewing


 



proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
			theme: sela by wordpress.com.		









