

 


the nomadic spirit :: about our work





























 
the nomadic spirit


  



























travelogue 
                · photos 
                · travel 
                · blogs 
                · critical 
                · shop 
                · info 
                · contact 
                · search








  
            the nomadic spirit :: about us










 












 











graphics
	• blogs
    • travelogue
    • book
    • theatre
    • photo gallery
    • film

if you've already read patrick's bio, then
          you won't be surprised by this: the nomadic spirit doesn't
          do any one thing. a partial list of our projects and talents:
 
 
. graphics (politics,
              spirit and, well, a mix of both: hollywood)

i've always wanted to design t-shirts and cafepress provides
        the online means to do so. it started with t-shirts but i've discovered
        that buttons, stickers and, of all things, license plate frames,
        are very popular media for peace, love, spiritual inspiration and a little bit of fun. 


°
peace & love
      gift shop 

inspirational and affirmative designs centering on the theme of loving kindness. 
            peace, spirit            and love.
            buddha, peace signs, gandhi,  daoism. uplift in a time of
            upheaval. 

°
filmmaker tees

my favourite? relax,
            it's only a movie!. 

°
murphy was an
      optimist 

murphy's law states "anything that can go wrong will go wrong."
            seems pretty awful but, in fact, o'toole's commentary on murphy's
            law observes "murphy
            was an optimist." so no matter how bad things
            are in murphy's world just remember: it's actually worse. and we've
            got the murphisms on murphy
            was an optimist to prove it. 

°
2 clever 4 words 

i love words. words are cool. i like blending them, reassembling
            them after violent dissassembly. i like it when other people find
            ways to make important concepts clear using words. 2
            clever 4 words            is all about, well, words. phrasers on stun, quotations and uncommon
            sense.  words and more words. but also visual puns, and thoughts that go against the grain

 
top

. grey matter media 

this online gallery displays prints, posters and other products featuring photographs from my travels through asia, australa and america.
 
 
. the nomadic spirit

this is a sprawling website consisting of approximately 2,000
        distinct pages covering themes of travel, photography, history, current
        events, philosophy, social activism, science and more. there are travel
        stories, web resources and message forums. the travelogue's pages are divided
        into several categories, described below.


° the
            nomadic spirit travelogue

the nomadic spirit is a big comfy armchair
            of a travelogue, overstuffed with over hundreds of photographs appearing
            in over 200 electronic journal entries. these travelogues document
            patrick's epic journeys through australia, se asia, china, europe
            and north america. 

° the
              ejournal-list

the nomadic spirit began as an electronic
            mailing list, the ejournal-list, kept during patrick's journeys through
            australia and se asia. more than simply a travelogue, patrick includes
            essays, prose-poetry and found texts in his unusual approach to travel
            writing. subscribe now so you
            won't miss his next journey.

° photography
              gallery 

an extensively indexed set of thumbnail galleries provides a gateway
            to nearly 1,400 award-winning travel photographs taken on journeys
            to four contenents: europe, asia, australia and north america.

° traveller's
              aid

a set of resources built on packing lists and traveller's tips initially
            posted to the ejournal-list. backpackers, cyle tourers and armchair
            adventurers should all find useful tips and advice here.

° critical history,
              texts, thinkers
              & cultures

developed as integral resources for the nomadic spirit
            travelogue, these reference pages daily attract hundreds of people
            seeking the annotated links and bibliographies they provide. some
            popular examples include noam chomsky,
            michel foucault, the indian
            removal act of andrew jackson,
            and critical texts for critical times.

. blogs

i write... sometimes a lot. here are the two blogs i most frequently write to.


° my muse: movies music & books

i've created and expressed myself in all these media, but this my muse is about how film, music and literature inspire and influence me and my personal growth.

°
god beauty perfection love :: synonyms

my spiritual journey, in words.
 top

 

. prisoners (theatre) 

imagine: you are an artificial being, imprisoned for being a
                little bit too human in ways human beings would rather forget.
                on your journey into the light, you learn to love the darkness.
there is a love story, an epiphany and a car chase.


so reads the promotional blurb for prisoners,
            a play patrick wrote and produced. it premiered at the 2000 vancouver
            international fringe festival to popular and critical success. vancouver's
            georgia straight wrote "it is a long and wordy journey...and
            i enjoyed the mental workout.... prisoners is awash with big questions,
            about ethics, accountability, and existence." 
top

. film
              arts 

patrick and his crew bring their keen sense of design
            to film, television and theatrical production in several key positions
            including script-writing and editing, art direction, set decoration,
            on-set dressing, and props. 
 
 


 


in context







 search
                      the nomadic spirit








web

www.synaptic.bc.ca















my
            other websites

peace & love
                  shop
 peace,
              love and spirituality:on t-shirts, stickers, buttons, posters and
              more.



 
 






critical
                  acclaim: political topsites 
grey matter media: pix & prints 
 
filmmaker
                  tees: crew gear for filmmakers 

 
murphy
                  was an optimist : murphy's law 
 
2
                  clever 4 words: umm, clever words 
 

recommended sites



my muse: movies, music & books
(blog)

inspired by the arts: reviews, commentary, personal stories, and just plain good writing.
god beauty perfection love :: synonyms 
spiritual transformation, healing and discovery, a blog and experiment in reality storytelling.




movement: seeking perfect lines
                sample book cover

prisoners
                2000 vancouver fringe festival
                official poster

the great ocean road
patrick
                jennings photograph
grey matter media
 







 


 

 
 














 back
                  to top 




© 
              1995+ the nomadic spirit
              text & images © patrick jennings 








 to a tendai monk,
              everything is wonderful.
                 — tendai buddhist proverb
our nature lies in movement;
              complete calm is death.
              — pascal 
               

 





















