






south brooklyn network - from the hook to the heights, from the waterfront to the slope, south brooklyn is a slice of brooklyn. our site starts in south brooklyn and brings you around our world.






































































                        south brooklyn network
                    









home
beyond brooklyn
news & stories
photography
sports



home
beyond brooklyn
news & stories
photography
sports










 

the ice of enders falls

february 9, 2025 



 

skiing, playing and photography

february 5, 2025 



 

best of 2024

january 1, 2025 



 

mikaela shiffrin out at killington

november 30, 2024 



 

killington world cup heats up the season

november 22, 2024 















                
                    events, photography and news
                
            




 


the ice of enders falls 

by mark d phillips february 9, 2025 photography comments are disabled


enders falls in the town of granby, ct, is a unique location in the winter with ice creating a magical fairy land from water, wind and freezing temperatures.






 


skiing, playing and photography 

by mark d phillips february 5, 2025 photography comments are disabled


january 2025 brought together an interesting group of pics as colorado, massachusetts and vermont were my choices for sports photography and just pure fun.






 


best of 2024 

by mark d phillips january 1, 2025 photography comments are disabled


2024 brought different kinds of images to my best for the year. i took advantage of time and spent more hours on the water, exploring the farmington river in my kayak. europe featured heavily with returns to barcelona and paris, and new excursions to pairi daiza in belgium and black sand in iceland. sports are still a passion and skiing has stayed a constant.






 


mikaela shiffrin out at killington 

by mark d phillips november 30, 2024 sports, winter sports comments are disabled


mikaela shiffrin has her eyes on the finish line during the first run at the fis ski world cup at killington resort on saturday during the killington cup gs.






 


killington world cup heats up the season 

by mark d phillips november 22, 2024 sports, winter sports comments are disabled


mikaela shifrin returns to killington for the only women’s fis world cup race in america with her 100th victory a possibility.






 


three days in amsterdam.. an addendum 

by mark d phillips november 12, 2024 beyond brooklyn comments are disabled


the events of november 8, 2024, caused me to change my view of amsterdam. i am devastated at the attack on jews during the 86th anniversary of kristallnacht.






 


gowanus driftwood comes ashore 

by mark d phillips november 8, 2024 news & stories comments are disabled


artist jos prol’s debut solo show opens november 9, 2024, at gowanus dredgers gallery with giant gowanus driftwood sculpture and 14 foot-tall painting.






 


echoes in a canyon, the new gowanus canal 

by mark d phillips november 6, 2024 photography comments are disabled


“hello” we called on the new gowanus. our voices echoed back. this was not the gowanus canal of the last thirty years. it also was almost unrecognizable.






 


sportsball at 30: the legacy of arthur ashe 

by mark d phillips october 17, 2024 news & stories comments are disabled


the arthur ashe institute for urban health celebrates 30 years of sportsball tonight at the pierre hotel in new york city, bringing a new vision to healthcare. arthur ashe created the institute on december 3, 1992, just three months before his death from aids.






 


the fish queen returns to gowanus 

by mark d phillips october 2, 2024 news & stories comments are disabled


following multiple sold-out shows on a floating stage on the gowanus canal over labor day weekend, the fish queen of the gowanus canal will debut several new songs in upcoming performances at principles in gowanus on october 4th & 5th. the fish queen of the gowanus canal, a new musical, […]





1
2
3
…
15
next →



search southbrooklyn.com


search for:




movers, not shakers

moversnotshakers, south brooklyn's premier
moving company located in gowanus, supports
the south brooklyn network.

somewhere in the orange by mark d phillips
beautiful on metal or acrylic!a favorite image by mark d phillips in the gowanus abstract fine art gallery.

gowanus swirls by mark d phillips
beautiful metal print for your home or business!a favorite image by mark d phillips in the gowanus abstract fine art gallery.


satan in the smoke by mark d phillips
special salemy original file of satan in the smoke printed and signed by mark d phillipsorder now
 

news from southbrooklyn / mark d phillips
keep up with the gowanus canal, brownstone brooklyn, and the photography and travel of mark d phillips throughout 2024.


 

email address

 

 by subscribing, you agree with our privacy policy and our terms of service.


 










 
boerum hill


bette stoltz, president of the south brooklyn local development corporation, began a campaign in 1984 that culminated with a 12-year rebuilding campaign and brought smith street and boerum hill back to life.







 
brooklyn heights


considered to be the first suburb in america, brooklyn heights boasts the greatest views of lower manhattan and brownstone mansions that rival anything on fifth avenue.







 
carroll gardens


charles carroll, a maryland signer of the declaration of independence who never lived in brooklyn, is honored with carroll street, carroll park, and finally, carroll gardens.







 
cobble hill


originally named ponkiesbergh by the dutch farmers who settled the cobblestoned area in the 1600’s, the neighborhood gained its present name, cobble hill, from a variation of the english translation, cobles hill.







 
dumbo


down under the manhattan bridge overpass – dumbo for short – is the new art mecca of new york city. brooklyn bridge park begins its waterfront run and has turned dumbo into a brooklyn playground.







 
gowanus canal


how did a superfund site end up in south brooklyn? originally a series of tidal creeks, the native americans named it gowanes creek in honor of chief gowanes of the canarses tribe, who lived, hunted, and fished along its length.







 
red hook


today’s red hook is much smaller than its original boundaries. throughout the 19th and 20th centuries, red hook point was a shipping destination and is today the home of fairway grocery store.







 
park slope


grand army plaza, the northern entrance to prospect park, is of special interest to civil war enthusiasts with the soldiers’ and sailors’ memorial arch, a colossal granite arc de triomphe.










about us the south brooklyn network is the publishing website for mark d phillips.
for forty years, phillips has been a photojournalist, documenting our world for newspapers, magazines, wire services, and now the internet.

 



search for:



 

menuhome
news & stories
photography
beyond brooklyn
winter sports
neighborhoods
contact
 

follow us



facebook





instagram





mail




 





                copyright © 2025 — south brooklyn network. all rights reserved            

                designed by wpzoom 





















