






zion reformed church – zion reformed church
























































skip to navigation
skip to content
 
navigation
what we believe

the apostles’ creed
the nicene creed
the athanasian creed
the heidelberg catechism
the belgic confession
canons of dort


sermons
resources
about us
 







home 












welcome
welcome to the website of zion reformed church of ripon! we are a community of christians that has sought to serve the central valley of california since 1998. we are an independent reformed church, proclaiming that jesus christ is the son of god and our only savior from sin. by the name “reformed” we say that we stand in the tradition of the historic 16th century protestant reformation. we accept the bible as the inspired, inerrant, and unchanging word of god, seeking to be reformed by that word and by the power of the holy spirit.




our worship services strive to be a warm combination of both reverence and joy, of the past and the present. we sincerely hope you will make plans to visit us soon. if we can be of any assistance to you, please do not hesitate to contact us. thanks again for stopping by!





current sermon
will show live when streaming sundays 9:30 am and 6:00 pm and during special events.







































 giving onlineif you are unable to attend in person and wish to donate to our ministries, please use the paypal link below.











what we believe






zion reformed church is a reformed church. reformed churches hold to the teachings of the 16th century protestant reformation and specifically to the confessions formulated during that time, which are summary statements of the teachings of the bible.


read more →

sermons






sermons can be accessed through this link. zion reformed church broadcasts live on youtube or facebook sunday mornings at 9:30 am and sunday evenings at 6:00pm.


read more →

when we meet






we meet weekly on sunday mornings at 9:30am and evenings at 6:00pm. on the fourth sunday of the month we meet at 9:30am and evenings at 4:00pm.
there are often bible studies and prayer groups during the week check our schedule.


read more →
 





connect with us 




 
 
 



zion reformed church


1220 canal blvd. ripon, ca 95366


209-599-9399




©2024 - zion reformed church - all rights reserved.


contact us 




































