


























welcome to homoeopathy clinic website pioneer in alternative medicine & health care!










dr. sahni's homoeopathy clinic.com
pioneer in alternative medicine & health care!





home
acupuncture
articles
case reports
consultation
education
pharmacy
about
contact
faq
links
photo gallery
















welcome


 
what's new



welcome to the homoeopathyclinic.com, 
								personal website of dr. bhupinder singh sahni 
								(dr.sahni bs), retd. dy cmo, ongc, providing 
								homeopathic care to patients from all sectors, 
								all age groups and different part of the world 
								via his clinic "dr.sahni homoeopathy clinic", an 
								iso 9001:2008 certified. dr.sahni has over 36 
								yrs. of experience and a unique way to 
								understand each of his patients and provide 
								treatment. he provides treatment for orthopedic, 
								endocrine, food, nasal related illnesses, asthma 
								and skin allergies as well as treatment for 
								adenoids, tonsils, piles, warts, discs etc., to 
								avoid surgeries, if possible.
students both from india & abroad also visits homoeopathy clinic to get 
acquainted of practical approach of homoeopathic case taking, repertorization, 
selection of potency & repetition of doses, use of homoeopathic software etc 
after completing their recognized academic qualification. to find out 
more about dr.sahni bs 
click here.
on this site you will find documented unique cases of 
successfully cured diseases along with complete case history, test reports and 
prescriptions used during the course of the treatment, articles on various 
common diseases, homeopathy, first aid, 30 different methods of prescribing in 
homeopathy etc for your reference as well as understanding homoeopathy better.

also 
available alongside the clinic is "sahni homoeopathy store" providing the 
largest collection of homeopathy medicines. kindly visit the
pharmacy section to know more.
if you have comments/suggestions regarding the material available on this 
website, we would definitely like to hear from you 
click here.
we sincerely hope that this website is useful for you and give you 
valuable information! - dr.sahni bs




case 
																report(s)



sulcus vocalis [576kb]


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 












updated on: 14 feb 2020






home 
		 |  acupuncture  
		 |  articles 
		 |  case reports 
		 |  consultation 
		 |  education 
		 |  pharmacy 
		 |  about 
		 |  contact 
		 |  faq 
		 |  links
		 |  photo gallery
use of this site signifies your agreement to the terms & conditions of use
     copyright 1998-2020 dr. sahni's homoeopathy clinic. all rights reserved.a single copy of articles, cases available on the site may be 
     reprinted for noncommercial personal use only. "homoeopathyclinic.com," 
     "dr. sahni's homoeopathy clinic.com," and the nature's way logo are 
     trademarks of dr. sahni's homoeopathy clinic. 
labeled with icra
site last updated: 14 feb 2020






