






hearthway | housing assistance & affordable housing berkshire county, ma






















































 our residents



find an apartment
housing resources
first time home buyer education
more

about us
leadership
career opportunities
contact us
directions
property management & development


 








search our site

















home is the beginning
finding affordable housing solutions for all people across the communities of berkshire county

















need help with your current apartment or housing payments?
get assistance with rent payments, emergency rent or mortgage assistance, repairs, and more.




would you like to be a first time home buyer?
learn what it takes to be a first-time home buyer with our home buyers workshop.




need help searching for an apartment?
look at and apply for low-income, local housing.  use our resources to find an apartment in the berkshires.










financial assistance & housing resources for tenants, landlords, families & individuals
we can help you...




apply for assistance to pay your rent or mortgage.
whether you need assistance to catch up with your rent, mortgage or have been served with an eviction or foreclosure notice, our team of professionals is here to help.  we provide assistance with applying for programs that can help you pay your rent or mortgage.
start your journey


find a place to live
with properties located throughout the berkshires, we can help you apply for our properties today.  we also have links for apartment searches online.
search for housing


access housing services to preserve your tenancy or get information on becoming or being a landlord.
our housing counselors can help you navigate through issues that could threaten your tenancy such as landlord and neighbor disputes, code violations, tenant and landlord rights.  we can help.
start here















we have a new name! hearthway, inc.
the services and support berkshire county residents have come to rely upon from berkshire housing remain unchanged.  our name now reflects the work we do!


join our growing team!
whether you have years of experience in case management, housing assistance, leasing, property management, administration, accounting, and maintenance, or you are just looking for a career change, we would welcome the opportunity to meet you.
work with us





















we love what we do
through collaboration and innovation, hearthway’s mission is to find housing solutions for all people across the communities of berkshire county.
our mission and values drive our work every day.  we develop and manage affordable housing and administer state and federal housing assistance programs.  we believe everyone deserves a safe and supportive home and work every day to make that happen for the people of berkshire county.
at hearthway, we believe in each person’s boundless potential.  we help break down barriers and navigate the challenges.  we offer guidance to find the way home.  whether you are applying for housing assistance with a subsidy or seeking support with resources to both keep and thrive at home, each one of us at hearthway is your neighbor, your ally, and your friend along the way. we are here for today’s challenges, and we will be here tomorrow.
we serve all of berkshire county

adams
alford
becket
cheshire
clarksburg
dalton
egremont
florida
great barrington
hancock
hinsdale
lanesborough
lee
lenox
monterey
mount washington
new ashford
new marlborough
north adams
otis
peru
pittsfield
richmond
sandisfield
savoy
sheffield
stockbridge
tyringham
washington
west stockbridge
williamstown
windsor

 









we find solutions to housing for all people across the communities of berkshire county.




about us
leadership
career opportunities
contact us
property management & development


hearthway, inc.
p.o. box 1180
pittsfield, ma 01202-1180
one fenn street
3rd floor
pittsfield, ma 01201
walk-in hours:
tuesday, wednesday & thursday
9am – 3pm


(413) 499-1630
info@hearthway.org
fax: (413) 496-9831







© 2025 hearthway inc. all rights reserved. site credit






