









home - marine turbine technologies - the leader in turbine technology










































 




 










home
about
products

keystone pipeline pumping stations
firefighting and water transfer
frac and well stimulation
250 kw powergen
1 mw powergen
motorcycles
airboats and workboats
special projects


media

featured articles
blog


patents
tool kit
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 
















watch mtt as shown on fox business news
watch now! 










250 kw mobile turbine generator set – land and sea
watch now! 










fire fighting fifi package at 16,000 gpm










dual turbine powered frac units on a single trailer. 5,000 hhp.










1 mw power generation package at 480v










420rr (race ready) superbike at 420 hp. 250 mph guarantee. 










airboat with dual 1,500 hp turbines.










marine turbine technologies, llc (mtt) is a design, engineering and manufacturing company. we specialize in the packaging of gas turbine engines for unique industrial applications. all of the mtt products involve a gas turbine engine that generates mechanical energy to drive the turbine’s output shaft. the output shaft then becomes the power source for another shaft, pump, generator, propeller or anything that requires mechanical energy to complete an industrial process.
mtt is both a rapid prototype shop as well as a high volume manufacturing facility. we pride ourselves on our ability to customize every product we offer in order to better serve unique applications. in addition, mtt can take a bare sheet customer design concept and very quickly develop an initial drawing, design recommendations and budgetary cost projections to determine feasibility.



mtt provides field service, long term maintenance programs, in-house turbine repairs, full fabrication capabilities and product test on diesel and natural gas fuels. dual fuel systems are available for most products. portability and light weight are key elements for everything we build.
as you scroll through our existing product lines keep this in mind: mtt’s culture is to make the impossible possible. we make the unconventional conventional. nothing is too big or small for us to try. we put no limits on ourselves…nor should our customers.





































contact mtt today for a personalized quote or more information.
get in touch










jean lafitte project – remediation of marsh buggy damage to wetlands – case study 2 – mtt solutions
0 commentsby ted mcintyre ii – ceo and owner – marine turbine technologies, llc – franklin, louisiana with the recent success of our land bank mitigation projects, the local louisiana utility (entergy) called mtt about a new project in the jean lafitte wildlife refuge.  ...
read more



excavation of levees for a land bank mitigation project – case study 1 – mtt solutions
0 comments2016 was busy for mtt’s twin engine super turbine airboat.  among other things we were contracted to excavate levees surrounding a land bank for a large mitigation project in louisiana.  this project had started two years ago with dredging in lake borgne east of new...
read more



mtt develops turbine technology to save louisiana’s eroding coast – mtt solutions
0 commentsmarine turbine technologies in franklin, louisiana has developed a state-of-the-art super turbine airboat which does not harm the fragile ecosystem of our state like traditional marshland transport equipment.  the mtt turbine airboat skims across water and land...
read more



420rr and 3 wheeled trike superbikes – mtt motorcycles
0 commentscheck out the video on our latest 420rr (race ready) and 3 wheeled trike turbine superbikes.
read more



y2k superbike video – mtt motorcycles
0 commentscheck out the mtt y2k superbike video.
read more



super airboat video – mtt solutions
0 commentscheck out mtt’s video on the super airboat.    
read more



historic cuba powerboat rally provides an adventure of a lifetime
0 comments  ted mcintyre and his crew featured on speedonthewater.com for participating in this year's historic cuba powerboat rally. from speedonthewater.com... "expecting nothing less, members of the florida powerboat club were treated to the adventure of a lifetime as...
read more



1mw and 2.5mw distributed turbine power generation – mtt solutions
0 commentsdistributed turbine power generation is the alternative to grid power.  with distributed turbine power generation the electrical power package is brought to a customer site versus reliance on grid power. mtt is a manufacturer of 1mw and 2.5mw turbine power generation...
read more



flood control and fifi fire fighting with turbines – mtt solutions
0 commentsmtt is the premier provider of turbine powered fifi fire fighting packages used by offshore vessels in the gulf of mexico and throughout the world. the mtt turbine powered fifi fire fighting packages have a water flow volume range between 5,285 gallons per minute...
read more



turbine powered airboats for sensitive wetland work – mtt solutions
0 commentsmtt is the innovative leader of turbine powered airboat technology. these turbine powered airboats are specifically designed to operate in sensitive coastal wetlands that suffer destruction from marsh buggies and are otherwise inaccessible to conventional watercraft....
read more





 








© 2020 marine turbine technologies  |  site by: bluetree software & design, inc 







keystone pipeline pumping stations for sale [click here]


got it!				

x























