






lake conroe fishing guides | fishing guide lake conroe











































936 788-4413
scottyeates294@gmail.com
 

 
 
 










home
fishing report
photo gallery
rates
gift certificate
species

blue catfish
channel catfish
large mouth bass


contact
 


select page


  
 



 



 

















































 

catfish killer
lake conroe fishing guides
 
lake conroe texas
channel catfish
blue catfish
black bass
 
 
 
 



catfish killer fishing guide
936 788-4413
 
 
 
 




lake conroe fishing guides
 
 
 





fishing from a custom pontoon boat
as a premier lake conroe fishing guide we take take price in our equipment. our custom 26′ covered pontoon boat fully customized for  catching catfish in lake conroe.  the boat has 8 pedestal comfortable seats evenly spaced to give you the room you need to fish and fight the big one.  the cover protects us from the elements all year long and many customers comment on how comfortable the boat is to fish from.

 
 
 




you will take home a mess of fish
lake conroe is filled with both channel and blue catfish.  limits of fish are the norm for the customers of catfish killer.  make sure that you bring a cooler and bag of ice on the boat for the fish that you want to keep.  fish cleaning available with advance notice  lake conroe is a clean lake,  it produces the best tasting catfish you have ever eaten.


 
 
 




kid & family friendly
both experienced and novice fishermen alike enjoy a fishing trip with catfish killer.   it’s the perfect “first fishing trip” for kids,  they catch a lot of fish so it keeps them very busy and entertained.  we provide all the gear bait and tackle but if you have a favorite rod and reel please feel free to bring it along.  


 
 
 
 
 



about your fishing on lake conroe
 
lake conroe is located about 30 miles north of houston off of i-45 north. we fish out of beautiful seven coves marina and resort located on fm 830 off of i-45, just north of conroe.
waterfront condo rentals are available for out of town guests.
 
 



 
 
 



seasons
 


 
 


catfish eat every day of the year – we gotta just go get them”
 
 
 
 




recent news – lake conroe fishing guides
 




 
catfish killer trophy bass fishing guide
lake conroe's trophy bass fishing guide "catfish killer" has had so many requests to take new and former large mouth bass fishing customers out bass fishing on lake conroe that he has decided to add it to his lake conroe fishing guide menu once again. catfish killer...
read more
 

 
lake conroe catfishing  forecast for  august 2019
the month of august already started great for catfish killer fishing guide service customers. we are cool and we are comfortable while catfishing in the shade under the fm 1097 mile long bridge. being out of the hot august sun while filling your ice chest with eating...
read more
 

 
lake conroe july 2019 catfishing
catfishing on lake conroe was for the most part very good in the month of july on days when the wind was normal. we had several very windy days which put a slight damper on things on certain days but eating size catfish in the 1 ½ pound to 5 pound range were caught in...
read more
 

« older entries

 


 
 
 



testimonials
 




large-mouth fishing with catfish killer guide service on lake conroe
who would have thought that a catfishing guide would be a great bass fishing guide as well?  a couple of my friends and i went on a bass fishing trip with catfish killer last week and we caught large mouth bass all morning long.  this guy really knows how to find them...
read more
 

what an awesome catfishing trip
captain darrell took about 10 minutes at the beginning of our catfishing trip to show everyone exactly what to do to catch catfish one right after another. very educational. we all had gobs of fun and caught a whole 48 quart ice chest stuffed full of catfish for our...
read more
 

more catfish than you can shake a stick at
darrell taylor sure knows where you can catch catfish on lake conroe. i though a 5 hour trip wouldn’t be long enough to catch a 25 fish limit. guess i was wrong, 4 hours seems to be closer. darrell is a fun guide to fish with and takes really good care of you ... lots...
read more
 



 


 
 
 



weather
 
 
 


lake conroe

 
 
 
 




fishing rates
 
 
 





eating size catfish - rod & reel trips 
up to 5 hours
 

$300/for up to 2 fishermen
 

add $50 for each additional fishermenour boat holds up to 8extend your trip for $20 per hour per fisherman
 
book now



 




trophy catfishing trips 
oct - may
 

$150/per fishermen
 

(minimum two fishermen)catch a monster catfish on rod and reel!&nbsp
 
book now



 




large mouth bass trips
up to 5 hours
 

$150/per fishermen
 

(minimum two fishermen)catch a trophy large mouth         bass! 
 
book now



 
 


$100 deposit required on all trips
all major credit cards accepted for deposits
 
call  ... 936 788-4413 ...  to book

 
 

 
 
 


 
 



catfish killer
 



marina location address
7021 kingston cove lane willis, texas 77318

 
 



936 788-4413

 
 
copyright 
 
 



 

follow us
 

 
book now

 
 
  


 
 
 





designed by marketing for guides
 

 
 
 

























