











triangle sheltie rescue of north carolina




















available shelties
adoption application
fencing
                       requirements
tsr contract (pdf)
surrender a sheltie
success stories
rescue memorials
memorials
features

double merles

volunteer
tsr 
                    events

about shelties
who we are
contact 
                    us


home

staff entrance




tsr is a 501(c)(3) tax exempt organization and relies on your donations.  if you would like to make a tax-deductible contribution (and thank you for that!), there are two ways you can.
either click on the paypal logo below...
                    






						 	   ...or by mail. please make checks payable to "tsr" and send to the following address:
tsr
                         p.o. box 426
                         youngsville, nc 27596

                         again, thank you for your help!

























 




 new adoption rates




at tsr we maintain high standards for the care of each of the dogs in our program. 
				over the past two years we has seen a significant rise in veterinary costs as well as daily necessities.   
				adoption fees rarely ever fully cover the cost of vetting a dog that passes through our program, which requires us to occasionally adjust adoption fees.  
				accordingly, our adoption fees have been adjusted with the new fee schedule being effective immediately.
					
 puppies up to age 2 - $500
						 over 2 to 7 - $375
						 over 8 - $300
					






 donate to help tsr save the shelties in our area




we could really use your help. many of the dogs that come in to our care need treatment beyond a 
			routine exam, and your donations for their medical needs are always welcome. you can send your tax-deductible contributions at any time via paypal on 
			this website or by mail to triangle sheltie rescue, p.o. box 426, youngsville, nc 27596.





adopt a sheltie!






			we currently have 2 shelties available for adoption 
			and 1 that will be ready soon.  our shelties are up to date on shots 
			and spayed or neutered, and looking for great forever homes!
please note that we are currently only processing applications from the state of north carolina.  
			click here to see the list 
			of rescue organizations across the country.




ready soon!rex
ready now!ricky
ready now!thor









adoption application |  
          all dogs | success stories



 

more destinations




				   double merles website
				   the flame heartworm treatment fund
				   happy dogs, happy families and happy endings
				   how can you help? volunteer!
				   fun stuff, pictures and more ...










 





financial information about this organization and a copy of its license are 
			available from the state solicitation licensing branch at 919-807-2214.
			   the license is not an endorsement by the state. 







disclaimer | privacy statement | about this site

		triangle sheltie rescue is a 501(c)(3) tax exempt organization
		© 2025 triangle sheltie rescue of north carolina, inc.
		p.o. box 426, youngsville, nc 27596
	 



