














































department of physics - oxford university | university of oxford department of physics






      skip to main content
    













search

















researchour researchour research groupsour research in actionresearch funding supportsummer internships for undergraduatesstudyundergraduatespostgraduatesengagefor alumnifor businessfor schoolsfor the public




menu

























department of physics - oxford university

we apply the transformative power of physics to the foremost scientific problems; educate the next generation of leading physicists; and promote the public understanding of physics.




 
research


 
study


 
engage









 


latest news and comment





 








xfels join the hunt for axions: a new light in the dark sector
researchers have unveiled an innovative experimental approach using an x ray free electron laser (xfel) to probe for axions – elusive particles that may make up dark matter.
17 february 2025







 








paving the way to quantum supercomputers
in a milestone that brings quantum computing tangibly closer to large-scale practical use, scientists at oxford university physics have demonstrated the first instance of distributed quantum computing. 
5 february 2025







 








the apprentice: hands-on learning
safety officer isabel dziumak-hooper completed her apprenticeship in health and safety in january 2025, 18 months after joining the department of physics straight from college.
4 february 2025







 








new denys firth scholarship: empowering the next generation of physicists
the mathematical, physical, and life sciences (mpls) division at the university of oxford is delighted to announce the establishment of the denys firth scholarship in theoretical physics.
3 february 2025







 








dr heighway recognised by european xfel
dr patrick heighway has received the european xfel young scientist award for his pivotal role in measuring x-ray diffraction at extreme pressures and temperatures at the hed-hibef instrument.
30 january 2025







 








quantum-inspired computing drives major advance in simulating turbulence
researchers at the university of oxford have pioneered a new approach to simulate turbulent systems, based on probabilities. the findings have been published today in the journal science advances.
29 january 2025






see all news and commentary






 


upcoming events





 1 march 2025

 








secondary school events



year 12 online masterclass (march 2025)
 online masterclass for students in year 12 who are interested in studying physics at oxford university.

 read more





 4 march 2025

 








seminars and colloquia



physics academic consulting seminar
 read more





 12 march 2025

 








secondary school events



adult supporter event 2025
 this 1.5 hour, online session is for the adult supporters of prospective applicants to physics at oxford; whether they are parents, guardians, grandparents, youth group...

 read more





 18 march 2025

 








secondary school events



marie curious, oxford 2025
 fun-filled day of physics for girls in year 8 and year 9

 read more






see all upcoming events






 



 









our research

our researchers change the world: our understanding of it and how we live in it. we explore the fundamentals – how we got here and the secrets of the universe – as well as the practical from developing next-gen materials to pushing the frontiers of quantum and predicting the future for our planet. 
discover more




 


launch your studies

our dynamic programme of outstanding research as well as our specialist research facilities, collaborative research networks and international renown attract the brightest minds from around the world. come and join them.

 

 







undergraduate



 

 







postgraduate







 



 


 







we work with businesses to share expertise, develop new ideas, provide services and commercialise research and our strong links with business are fundamental to how we work.

for business



 


 







we want to spark a passion for physics in young people and we work directly with primary and secondary schools on a local and national scale to encourage physics for all. we want to inspire the physicists of tomorrow.

for schools



 


 







we organise a wide range of public events not only to share our passion for physics but also to help people understand our work and see how our research impacts lives.

for the community







 






 











giving

how to support the department of physics

find out how you can support our world-class scientific research and teaching and help the department of physics to tackle some of the most urgent and fascinating challenges we face today
find out more




 






 











alumni

once a physicist, always a physicist...

our alumni relations office exists to nurture and develop long-lasting relationships between students, staff and friends of the department of physics so please do get in touch with ideas, feedback or just to say hello!
find out more

















footer menu


contact us


giving to the dept of physics


work with us


media




user account menu


log in




follow us











find us
clarendon laboratory,
parks road,
oxford,
ox1 3pu


contact us
tel: +44(0)1865272200




























© university of oxford - department of physics


cookies | privacy policy | accessibility statement



built by: versantus










home


research


study


engage


our people


news & comment


events


our facilities & services


about us


current students


staff intranet













