
homeplease ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility





256-845-6000


facebook





twitter





instagram





youtube





email























property search 
featured listings
 
realty watcher
 
visit our youtube channel

 
buyers 
mortgage calculator
 
first time buyers
 
financing
 
relocation
 
home inspections

 
sellers 
why list with us?
 
your home value
 
staging your home

 
meet our team
 
area resources 
utility information

 
contact
 
home





















 







real estate professionals of alabama











featured listings












 

welcome home, welcome to southern properties agency, inc.




southern properties agency, inc. has been serving dekalb county and surrounding areas in residential, land, and commercial real estate sales since 1992. the southern properties team is made up of 13 realtors©, 2 full-time licensed real estate assistants, and a marketing manager. together, we strive to deliver superior results for our clients while maintaining a level of integrity and professionalism that sets us apart. this site is intended to deliver quick access to current inventory within our sales territory.  you will also find other resources available to you if you are considering selling your home, land, or commercial property.  one resource many sellers appreciate is our "your home value" page.  by submitting a cma request, our team will research the value of your home or property for you. this free service is an important first step in preparing for a quick and easy sale. southern properties is located at 311 gault avenue north in the heart of downtown fort payne, alabama.  we can be reached by calling 256-845-6000, or by emailing info@southern-agency.com. southern properties agency, inc., thorough, trustworthy, experienced real estate professionals since 1992.

 







get automatic notifications
when a listing hits the market within the parameters you choose...we will send you all properties matching your search criteria. 


set one now





  land 


  residential 


  waterfront 


  commercial 




what's your
home worth?
find out now

 







phone: 256-845-6000



info@southern-agency.com



311 gault avenue n, fort payne, al







                copyright 2024 ©
                
                    cevado™ 
                
                 | all rights reserved | 
                
                    legal notices
                
                 | 
                





