





 



sydneybats | sydneybats


sydneybats – sydneybats

















































home
about kbcs
bat rescue
contact
donate now
join now
 


sydneybats
sydneybats












 
flying-foxes
microbats
education
ku-ring-gai flying-fox reserve
bat rescue
blog


















vale marjorie beck: a mighty advocate for flying-foxes

marjorie beck was a dedicated advocate for flying-fox conservation and bushland restoration, leaving a lasting environmental legacy. read more about her amazing achievements.
 
new article: it’s pup season

susan parrish smith tells us of the origins of two pups currently in her care, learn more about what it is like to be a carer here.
 
new article: where are our bats?

flying foxes, large fruit bats essential to australia’s ecosystems, are on the move. where are they going?  find out more here.
 
friends of bats newsletter -spring 2024 edition out now

stay up to date and find out what we’ve been up to in our latest newsletter! missed our last issue? you can catch up and read more here.
 
new article: celebrating science and nature in sydney
kbcs attended both science in the scrub and science in the swamp events in sydney for national science week!  read more about what went down here!
 
new article: flying-foxes under threat – the effects of droughts and heat events
hot australian summers are tough on everyone – including our flying-foxes, find out the effects it can have.
 
new article: discover the live bat cam at wingham brush nature reserve

get a close look at grey-headed flying-foxes with the wingham brush nature reserve’s live bat cam, streaming daily from dawn to dusk. find out more on the bat cam here.
 
 
new netflix documentary series featuring flying-foxes

a new documentary series titled “our living world” has been released on netflix. narrated by cate blanchett, the series explores the interrelationship of all living things. be sure to tune in to episode 4, which features australian flying-foxes in sydney!
 
new article: why do we love bats?
have you ever seen flying-foxes lick their arms to cool down in summer? did you know flying-foxes constantly reforest habitat? read more in our latest blog to learn some fun facts about bats and why we love them!
 
meet a bat night on hold

until covid restrictions are lifted to an extent that allows us to accommodate reasonable-sized groups at the local scout hall, regretfully, we will not be able to schedule any further meet a bat nights. we really appreciate and thank you for your patience and understanding!
 
ku-ring-gai flying-fox reserve

find out what’s been happening with flying-foxes at ku-ring-gai flying-fox reserve, with this update from nancy, including repairs of storm damaged exclosures, new volunteers, and exciting bird observations… read more
 
kbcs – ku-ring-gai bat conservation society
the aims of the kbcs inc. are : 

the preservation of the species pteropus poliocephalus (grey-headed flying fox)
the conservation of the colony of this species located in the valley of the ku-ring-gai 
flying-fox reserve, gordon by the re-establishment of the natural bushland habitat. 
to encourage the management of this colony and its environment in such a manner that the interests of the species and the neighbouring residents are both considered. 
the protection by law of this species and other bat species (order chiroptera). 
to encourage research into the megachiroptera, their biology and importance in the natural ecology of australia and their effect on commercial fruit crops. 
to encourage the conservation of other bat species wherever their habitat. 
to educate the community on the biology and ecological roles of bats in australia. 
read more    http://sydneybats.org.au/about-kbcs/

 
bats are important because…
nectar and fruit feeding bats are vital to forest regeneration as pollinators and dispersers of rainforest seeds. insect-eating bats play an important role in the natural control of insect population.
bat videos
hanging in the balance 

documentary: winner of the best film award at the 2014 cause film festival featuring sarah curran (deputy chair of kbcs).
no tree, no me 

tim pearson, wildlife ecologist (and kbcs chairman) speaks on behalf of bats to an appreciative audience in canberra.
globo tv (brazil)

news feature filmed for globo tv in brazil about at centennial park camp, gordon camp, and the australia walkabout wildlife park at calga.
bat rap 

peter noble’s entertaining musical bat rap with a powerful message.






 

ku-ring-gai bat conservation society
a non-profit community organisation working for the conservation of all bat species, especially the grey-headed flying-fox.
the continued work of kbcs inc. relies on funding from government grants and public donations.

bushcare in flying-fox reserve near gordon railway station
now on saturday morning, first saturday of each month find out more about how you can help!
how to live with flying-foxes
more information about living in close proximity to flying-foxes...read more
what do bats sound like?
recorded by tim pearson at bellingen at midday in may, you can hear a variety of flying-fox vocals, ranging from little squeaks and squeals, through to what sounds almost like a donkey braying. eastern whip-birds are also calling in the forest.


http://sydneybats.org.au/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/bellingen_morning_soundscape_for_web_2.mp3
download audio
read more about bat vocals
here












 




			© 2017, ku-ring-gai bat conservation society inc.		

↑

responsive website by mighty media






























