




  

paramount herbs llc - keep your life on track with specific herbal nutrition!  accepting former patients of doug phillips for telephone consultations.





























my account


sign in














paramount herbs llc

keep your life on track with specific herbal nutrition!  accepting former patients of doug phillips for telephone consultations.




your cart is empty.












systemic products


premier research and more



subcategory 1































to see the prices you have to register as a client first. due to the discounted prices offered on this site i can not list them openly. please use
the sign in at the top right corner to create your account to start your savings today. get better and stay well. thank you for your patience!






systemic formulas information
305-735-2428. if you are allergic to one ingredient in a specific formula you can most likely take that formula as herbs do not act the same as when they are taken singly. in most cases, the aggregate contained in a formula will eliminate allergic reactions. if you have trouble swallowing then most of the formulas are availbe in concentrated liquid extracts. due to the small size of my office in miami, florida. i do not stock most of these liquids and if you want to order them you must call me as i only lised items in my shopping cart that i do carry in stock so i can get it out to you quickly. i did not do free pickup with my shopping cart. i tried to do this before and clients come by my screen door and grab the wrong package or they don't come by and i have to reschedule their pickup. if you want the product it is very easy to come in and pay when you get your items. call me at 305-735-2428 and i'll be happy to fit you in so you can come by and get your nutritional support.





healing practices at paramount herbs  llc
weekend hours are available at paramount herbs llc in miami, florida becasue sometimes you just want to avoid the traffic during the work week. paramount herbs llc is easy to get to! if you perfer not to drive to miami then a telephone session is ideal for you. dr. jon wil intuit the energy that you are needing and recommend herbal remedies this way and if you are diagnosed with a condition then this of course will be treated along with the remedies chosen that are getting to the root of your current problems. healing requires going backwards with everything you ever suffered from and clearing that toxic energy from your system.
attention past patients of dr. louis j. marx, md of malibu, california and douglas phillips, dds, florida. his patients have been referred to paramount herbs llc for muscle testing and continuation of your herbal treatments. since dr. marx, md has past away, dr. jon has provided the same quality services with one major difference---dr jon does not prescribe or recommend prescrition medicine along with the herbal treatments. if you are currently on any prescrition drugs it is recommended that you finish the course of the drug or antibiotic and not just stop it without your licensed medical professional stoppping this chemical. paramount herbs llc does not accept insurance or any other third party payment. zelle, paypal, apple pay, credit and debit cards are accepted at the time of service. checks are only accepted from existing clients so a bad check isn't received again at paramount herbs llc. some clients do deduct the payments for services and herbs from paramount herbs in thier taxes--see your accountant for more information. large foreign orders will be sent a bitcoin address for purchases.






testimonials
"i went to paramount herbs when i was unable to reach my regular medical doctor to help with a herpes simplex outbreak. my usual regimenof anti-virals were not working. doctor jon used his testing abilities to show that i was fighting a bacterial infection that was strong. after 3 days of using the herbals that he recommeded my face cleared up. i was expecting to be treated with anti-virals but he tested me for the bacterial treatment and a few other nutritional supportl remedies that cleared me up quickly." c.c., hollywood, ca
"i had a growth on my ear for over 2 years that my md's treated with antibiotics off and on for the 2 years. after doing a protocol for that dr. jon recommended to me, the growth dried up and fell off on its own. it was a yeast/fungal recommendation/infection. he had to rebuild my good bacteria in my body as the medical doctors ruined my general health." e.b., indiana, pa
"i was able to avoid prostate surgery and lower my psa count by following dr. jon's recommendations." k.r. north hollywood, ca
https://thervo.com/ca/los-angeles/holistic-medicine/
https://prlabs.com/customer/account/create/code/1c4fd8/ all the premeir research labs products are available through the company in texas. please use this  link for the high quality vegan products.


(94 pages of premier labs product catalogue)















contact

terms and conditions

return policy

privacy policy

contact



newsletters








name (optional)



email




subscribe


unsubscribe





paramount herbs llc - keep your life on track with specific herbal nutrition!  accepting former patients of doug phillips for telephone consultations.























