



































































albany democrat-herald | breaking news| | read albany, or and oregon breaking news. get latest news, events and information on oregon sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















35°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



education



politics



business



nation & world



news tip



wildfires




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



beavers sports



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



mid-valley live



food & cooking



movies & tv



music



contests



comics



games & puzzles



play



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith



outdoors




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

sports

opinion

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires








35°
mostly cloudy

























        
        
            photos: snowy times in corvallis 2025

corvallis residents and osu students made the most of a snow day in practical and mostly fun ways.  

















        
        
            albany approves the big bucks to upgrade outdated park

the city has undergone an about four-year process to upgrade the 40-year-old playground equipment at an unusually spacious park in south albany.

















        
        
            darkside owners plan exit. corvallis can help decide what happens next

rising costs and declining ticket sales spell trouble for the darkside. can it stay afloat in the next two years? and what can you do to help?

















        
        
            in-person public comment officially returns to gaps, but not every meeting

unlike other school boards and city councils, gaps didn't resume public comments when the pandemic restrictions lifted. it's been a bone of contention.

















        
        
            from 2a to lbcc to oregon state: ethan kleinschmit is ready for the big time

in his senior year, kleinschmit posted a 16-0 record with a 0.56 era, striking out 178 batters and only giving up 21 hits in 75 innings.

















        
        
            oregon state falls in ot to gonzaga

oregon state had the chance to sweep the season series against gonzaga, but fell in ot thursday night at gill coliseum.


















        
        
            therese o'rourke provides council testimony

community member and swimmer therese o'rourke advocates for interim solutions while osborn aquatic center is closed, using fishy icons nemo and dory to remind the corvallis city council of the pool's importance at a feb. 3 city council meeting. 










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            search for armed suspect near crawfordsville prompts massive police response


















        
        
            from 2a to lbcc to oregon state: ethan kleinschmit is ready for the big time



















        
        
            photos: corvallis comes out to play after snow blankets mid-willamette valley















                
                the latest



















        
        
            photos: corvallis comes out to play after snow blankets mid-willamette valley




















        
        
            photos: large police response to armed suspect in holley




















        
        
            february 13 recap: mid valley news you may have missed today

thursday's news: what you missed while you were at work. 





















        
        
            photos: behind the scenes at darkside cinema in corvallis

while showing digital films now, there are plenty of remnants of the old days. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 




















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            ethan kleinschmit




















        
        
            ap top stories february 14 a




















        
        
            fbi stops indiana school shooting planned for valentine's day




















        
        
            therese o'rourke provides council testimony












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            photos: south albany girls take the w at home against corvallis




















        
        
            photos: south albany and corvallis boys hash it out on the court



















        
        
            jaxson dart ends his ole miss career with 4 td passes and a 52-20 romp over duke in the gator bowl

jacksonville, fla. — jaxson dart's final college pass was a 69-yard touchdown that got him chewed out by coach lane kiffin on the sideline.




















        
        
            hunter and haggerty lead no. 21 memphis to 90-62 win at florida atlantic

boca raton, fla. — tyrese hunter scored 20 points and pj haggerty added 19 as no. 21 memphis beat florida atlantic 90-62 on thursday night in the american athletic conference opener for both teams.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.





















        
        
            need a vacation? take a trip to hbo's 'the white lotus' | streamed & screened

"the white lotus," hbo's breakout hit of 2021 was originally billed as a limited series. but it's back again for a third trip of what has become a popular anthology.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            'elsbeth' becomes a family affair for carrie preston

carrie preston didn’t think her husband, actor michael emerson, was interested in her series, “elsbeth.” now he has a recurring role on the cbs whodunit.




















        
        
            could obesity drugs help with alcohol cravings? new study suggests potential

a new study suggests that medications that have transformed the treatment of obesity may also help people drink less alcohol. 




















        
        
            tiktok returns to apple and google app stores in the us

tiktok was removed from apple and google's app stores on jan. 18 to comply with a law that requires bytedance to divest the app or be banned in the u.s.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            understanding student loan repayment: a guide for graduates

contributor content. discover student loan repayment strategies to reduce interest, explore forgiveness programs, and choose the best plan for your financial future.




















        
        
            16 best shilajit gummies

affiliate content. discover the 16 best shilajit gummies, expertly crafted to enhance energy, support vitality, and promote overall well-being naturally.




















        
        
            20 best colostrum supplements

affiliate content. discover the 20 best colostrum supplements, curated to enhance immunity, support gut health, and promote overall well-being.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



























        
        
            blanchet catholic school



                                        4373 market st ne, salem, or 97301
                                    



 website






















        
        
            whites collision service



                                        5597 s santiam hwy, lebanon, or 97355
                                    






















        
        
            postal connections corporate



                                        6136 frisco square, suite 400, frisco, tx 75034
                                    

































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


special sections

mid-valley live

beavers sports

corvallis gazette-times

lebanon express

online features

get healthy




services


e-edition

contact us

advertising rates

forms

subscribe

work here

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        democrat-herald, po box 130 albany, or 97321-0041
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alert

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































