







the united states challenge cup junior golf foundation | where competition begins...






















 






   search 




















    
 


							where comeptition begins...
						






 



where competition begins....
							
						
menu
   









 home

 about us

about the us challenge cup
contact us
donate


membership
 tournaments

2024 schedule & results
code of conduct
past results
local rules & terms (hard card)


 news

contact us
 donate












 






view the 2024 challenge cup schedule


 learn more 













 






mid-season form


 final results 






















tournament links

 view schedule 







challenge cup tournament of champions





tee times

results








desantis cup 





tee times

results








ocean state junior classic





tee times

results










latest news

 view more 




  


mid-season form


thomas murdough iv, kylie eaton and will lord won their respective divisions at the 24th annual challenge cup junior invitational at the ridge club in sandwich, ma.  the tournament teed off the 40th year of competition for the challenge cup.






  


broderick, smith & berger win at bethpage


congrats to john broderick, morgan smith  and zachary berger on hoisting the hardware at the 14th annual northeast junior classic at bethpage state park







about the united states challenge cup



 


where competition begins...
the united states challenge cup junior golf foundation was founded in 1980. it was formally established in 1983 and incorporated as a non-profit charitable organization. the challenge cup provides junior golfers ages 8-19 the opportunity to develop their skills through a competitive tournament schedule.





 
 
 

support the u.s. challenge cup
the united states challenge cup is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization and all donations are tax-deductible.


united states challenge cup junior golf foundation









 100 amaral street #12, riverside, ri 02915
  (401) 692-0859 
  dadamonis@comcast.net 




								the united states challenge cup provides junior golfers ages 8-19 the opportunity to develop their skills through a competitive tournament schedule.
							








© copyright 2023 united states challenge cup. all rights reserved.












