okuma fishing tackle co., ltd. | okuma fishing tackle inspired fishing

          














okuma fishing tackle co., ltd. | okuma fishing tackle inspired fishing
okuma fishing tackle is a global leader in the design and manufacturing of high quality fishing tackle. at okuma fishing tackle we deliver more than just fishing gear. we deliver the motivation to hit the water, the energy to maintain focus and the excitement that injects every cast with high expectations.









home

company 
brand storyokuma worldwidecontact us

products 
fishing reelslimited edition reelsspinning reelssaltwater spinning reelssurf spinning reelscarp fishing reelsbaitcast reelslinecountersstar drag reelslever drag reelsfly, float and mooching
fishing rodscomboscombos
accessoriesaccessories


shop 

support 
e-catalogfaqcustomer care

technology 
maxgear®tca™tca alufr®umr™litecast®flite drive™

okuma team 
okuma usaokuma europeokuma japan

english  englishespañolportuguêsfrançaisitalianodeutschmagyarрусскийčeskypolskaالعربيةtürkçeindonesiaไทย日本語română




inspira isxspinning reelintroducing new inspira isx spinning reel, a game-changing innovation in the spinning reel market.

learn more

itx cbspinning reelembracing a full carbon concept, the itx cb spinning reel is the perfect balance of lightweight design and robust construction.

learn more

rising with every challenge
inspired fishing
strive

brand storyat okuma, courage drives us to step boldly where others fear. nothing is impossible. okuma—rising with every challenge.
disrupt

technologywhatever we achieve today, we can do even better tomorrow. it’s a challenge we embrace with passion.
co-create

okuma worldwideour accomplishments have been made possible by our network of relations.


inspira isx spinning reelintroducing new inspira isx spinning reel, a game-changing innovation in the spinning reel market.
tesoro saltwater spinning reeltesoro spinning reel provides anglers with hydro blocking technology best suited for saltwater environments.
itx cb spinning reelembracing a full carbon concept, the itx cb spinning reel is the perfect balance of lightweight design and robust construction.
hakai low profile baitcast reelthe hakai marks a new era in bass reels, offering unmatched lightness, strength, and cutting-edge design.

okuma designs and manufactures high-quality fishing tackle.
with 30 years of fishing reel / rod development experience and providing a completed service through r&d, production, and marketing.


at okuma, we provide more than gear—we spark passion for the water, focus, and the thrill of every cast.no. 11, sec 3, chungshan rd., tanzi, taichung 42756, taiwancopyright © 2025 okuma fishing tackle co., ltd. all rights reserved.consulted & designed by ready-marketnavigationhomecompanyproductsshopsupporttechnologyokuma team


    

