












welcome! we can help. - hospice alliance





welcome! we can help. - hospice alliance














































































































join our team
news
search
donate now
 
call (262) 652-4400










what is hospice?

when is hospice care appropriate?where is hospice provided?who pays for hospice?hospice vs palliative carequestions to ask
hospice resources

resources for loved ones
services

hospice caresupportive care managementhospice houseadvance care planningservices for veteranscomplementary therapieseducational opportunities
grief support

individual supportgroup supportconnectionscommunity serviceskeepsakesmemorial eventsresources/books
volunteer with us

volunteer opportunitiesstories from volunteersvolunteer activity report
about us

our leadershipnewscareersnewsletterstestimonialsshare your story
support us

why give to hospice alliance?an evening of wisheshonor a loved oneplanned givingsupporters of hospice allianceour wish listmissionwearannual report
eventscontact us

virtual tour
















 













 
 



 













hospice resources











an evening of wishes





















welcome! we can help.

















hospice alliance is your community-based, non-profit choice for hospice care and supportive care management. we are committed to providing compassionate physical, emotional and spiritual care and educating our patients, those who support them and the communities we serve.
we speak with our patients and their loved ones about “goals” seeking to add more life to days. while our mission, just as it was nearly 40 years ago when a group of local citizens, advocates of the hospice philosophy of care, founded hospice alliance, is to help people with life-limiting illness live each day with dignity, comfort and hope.
with a team of hospice professionals, all of whom live in the communities we serve, hospice alliance continues to pioneer innovative care, techniques and therapies, which places our organization at the forefront of hospice care providers.
we are proud to be the recipient of both national and local accolades. most recently, hospice alliance was re-awarded the joint commission’s gold seal of approval, recognized as kenosha county’s best place to work by the chamber of commerce and won best of kenosha county’s health and wellness/senior care services for the sixth year in a row. hospice alliance continues to maintain its five star recognition in the we honor veterans program, developed by the national hospice and palliative care organization (nhpco) in collaboration with the department of veteran affairs (va).
additionally, in a recent survey, 100% of our referring physicians rated hospice alliance care as "outstanding" or "excellent".
as the #1 choice for hospice and supportive care management in this corner of the state, our commitment to you is the best hospice and supportive care management.
we believe our website will answer many questions about end-of-life care for patients and families. however, we also know that many more questions will arise as you seek hospice care and are available to assist you at (262) 652-4400.









watch "i wish" video
 
video transcription

















we offer language assistance services, free of charge:
español, 繁體中文, deutsch, العربية, hmoob, русский, 한국어, tiếng việt, deitsch, ພາສາລາວ, français, polski, हिंदी, shqip, and tagalog
view our nondiscrimination notice (pdf 299 kb)









 










                 when seeking hospice care, ask for hospice alliance, the award-winning, community-based, non-profit that gives back through education, services and grief support.
            


join our mailing list




 hospice alliance
10220 prairie ridge blvd.
pleasant prairie, wi 53158
get directions
business hours:
monday-friday, 8:00am-4:30pm
phone: call(262) 652-4400
assistance available 24/7
 
          

 

 we proudly serve kenosha, racine, eastern walworth and southeastern milwaukee counties


 

 notice of privacy practices
nondiscrimination notice 
joint commission public notice
accessibility statement

 

 844.get.nphi
 



 




 
 




© 2025 hospice alliance | privacy policy (pdf 267 kb) | non-discrimination notice (pdf 657 kb) | accessibility statement | built by westwords | site map





























