




association of talent agents - association of talent agents




























 member login
contact us


















about ata 

about ata 
board of directors 
links 
photo gallery 


join/membership 

join ata 
member companies 


agency licensing 
faq 
members only 

my account 
ata member news 
california 
new york 
sag / aftra 
wga 
dga 
agency agreements 
minors 
actor's equity 
events & materials 









 menu











association of talent agents
moving forward together
ata member companies





 

 who we are 
since 1937, the association of talent agents (ata) has been the official trade association of talent agencies across the u.s., responsible for legislative advocacy and negotiating agency franchise agreements and regulations with the major entertainment guilds.
ata’s collective voice provides strong and effective support for its members in matters relating to talent-agency business. the association’s one-hundred-plus member companies represent the vast majority of the professional working artists today. ata provides best practices, a voice in talent-agency related legislation, education, seminars, networking events, conferences, news bulletins, expert opinions and day-to-day support.  
ata provides negotiation, interpretation, construction and advice concerning talent representation agreements. our lobbyists, staff, elected leaders, political strategists and legislative committee members and the board represent ata members every day.
 
 
 

 
 ata political action committees
ata political action committees (pacs) serve as ata’s independent, voluntary and nonprofit political action arm. the pacs support legislative and statewide candidates—regardless of political affiliation—based on their ability to make a difference for talent agencies in california and new york. ata pacs make it possible for talent agencies to participate in the public policy process and voice concerns about issues affecting the representation profession. to learn more, click here.
 

  



find what you need


        laws relating to talent agencies    



        member communication, union news, referrals    



        agency representation agreements    





news & events


 

reintroduction of performing artist tax parity act 
january 30, 2025


 

ca wildfire updates and resources
january 9, 2024



 

film and television tax incentives impact production in california
december 19, 2024


 

new california laws protect the rights of child vloggers 
december 6, 2024






all eventsall news




ata is not a talent agency and does not provide referrals to artists
if you are looking for an agent please contact individual agencies directly.
ata member companieslegal disclaimer




mailing address:
association of talent agents3019 ocean park blvd, #344santa monica, ca 90405office: (310) 274-0628
 
ata is not a talent agency and does not provide referrals to artists.if you are looking for an agent, please contact individual agencies directly.



contact us






























privacy policy | accessibility statement | natr members | website by accrisoft


back to top 



