





humanist center of cultures























































605-296-2980
info@humanistcenterofcultures.org





















toggle navigation







home
about us
paving stones
contact us
 




 




home 

home
humanist center of cultures 











driveway paver installations- things to consider
featured


as a homeowner, one of the best things you can do to improve the look, curb appeal and value of your home is to have a beautiful driveway installed by a professional paver installation service. that being said, deciding what avenue to go can be one of the most daunting and overwhelming tasks for the new homeowners to decide upon.
when entering into this decision, there are several factors to consider and we will look at each one to give you an overview of the various options that you have and try to eliminate any obstacles in your path. these factors include:
1) budget– the first thing you need to consider is how much you can afford to spend on this (or any) project. you want to stay within that budget and have a cushion as to how much you can go over that would be acceptable. this driveway budget is subject to many factors that will determine the success of the project such as the size of the driveway, lighting, drainage, materials, contractor (or do it yourself), etc. one huge consideration is the material you use and you should know straight away that the least expensive of those is gravel and the most expensive is paving stones. both asphalt and concrete are in between in terms of expense.

2) who will do the work and can you do it yourself- there are a few things to consider when deciding if this will be a project in which you will research and hire a contractor like pavers fort lauderdale or do it yourself. it’s important to be honest when determining your ability to do the project without a professionals help as well as the financial factors. for example, if you choose to do it yourself, you may be able to spend more on materials but if you are hiring a paving contractor, the budget may be a little tighter on materials. naturally, do some research on costs of materials and discern your own ability to perform the work before you decide who’s going to do it and what material you will use.

3) amount of maintenance- the next factor is to determine how much you will want to be how much time, money, and effort are you willing to invest in driveway maintenance? obviously, if you go the cheaper route and do gravel, it will require little upkeep, while asphalt, concrete and pavers require some maintenance and also are affected by weather such as extreme heat or cold.
4) local association, city or county restrictions– one of the key decisions and things you cannot overlook are local regulations. these can be restrictions by your homeowners association, local government or municipality.
5) shape and dimensions– if you’ve just purchased the home, it’s likely the driveway is already installed and you have the choice to upgrade the existing area. but if you’re building a new house, or want to change the existing format on a house you’ve just purchased, you will want to plan ahead in terms of its shape and square footage. for example, will you want the standard rectangular driveway, a square pad, in front of the house, up alongside the house, or a circular driveway?
6) the look you want- you’ll want to consider your personal taste, what other neighbors have and what type of driveway and materials best fit your home. these are difficult questions that only you can answer so take the time to do some research and look at pictures online and websites of local providers.
… 


how to customize your driveway


for many homes, driveways remain more functional than stylish. however, you can customize your surface without much effort, creating a unique place to park your vehicles.
lighting
yards become deceptively dark at night, especially in winter when the days shorten. not only does that make it harder to find your way to the front door, but it could leave you vulnerable.
a few walkway lights not only brighten your exterior spaces, but it creates a safer walking path for you and sidewalk pedestrians. it doesn’t hurt that your curb appeal improves as well.
automated gate
although some entry gates are too elaborate for some subdivisions, there are other examples which suit any property. having an automated gate doesn’t just improve your driveway’s appearances, but it enhances your house’s security as well.
some systems rely on a remote similar to your garage, while others require a pin to get in. however, having a secondary barrier between your property and the outside is always a welcomed addition.
material choices
after a while, seeing the same flat, gray surface on every home gets boring. however, driveways can get created from several different materials, offering you straightforward ways to customize yours.
try loose decorative gravel for a more rustic appearance, or paved asphalt for maintenance-free parking. pavers can add elegance to your entry, while stained concrete looks excellent as well.
parking canopy
some days, you run in and out of your home with dozens of errands to accomplish, leaving your car exposed to the sun. other households have more than one vehicle parked outdoors.
an overhead canopy helps shield cars from the sun, as well as rain and other elements. their low-profile design makes them easy to blend in, and you often have many choices for colors and dimensions.
… 


planning a paver project


as with any home improvement project, planning is your best friend. it takes some time and teamwork with your significant other to effectively plan your home life but then throw on top of that a long awaited project and it can mean chaos. you’ve got your career, children and their schooling and activities, the dog, and all the day to day activities, and you’ve gotten yourself into one fine mess! well, we’re here to tell you that you’d better get ready for some planning for a paver project and look at the entire scope, future plans and possible things underground that can be areas of concern going forward.
well, now back to the planning part. a paver installation project is an interesting home project because there as so many other factors that need to be considered because they go hand in hand with pavers.  paver installation, service, repair or removal all intertwine with potentially costly other areas of your home that need your full attention before you embark on this type of project.
for example, when laying pavers, stone, concrete, brick or any other type of surface material, the entire home area must be considered. the paver or material you decide to use will cover the ground and what is under ground. well, for starters, your entire sprinkler system lies under the ground. you sure don’t want to have to remove those freshly laid pavers, when you find out you forgot to address the sprinklers, a leak or their removal.

what else. well in most areas, your natural gas lines are under ground and need to be located and accounted for before you begin any type of land covering project like this. this is a common mistake all homeowners make when planning a home paver project.

what else can go wrong? how bout your home lighting in the backyard? many of the older type of lights in backyards have electric lines and wires underground and these need to be accounted for as well.
there are others that we won’t go into now, but you can see how covering an area of your land, can have severe consequences if you don’t plan ahead and account for potential disasters.
… 


where the experts are


surface projects and paver installation requires its own collection of experts to help in the process. from determining what surface to use, where to put the material, how much to spend and who to select to oversee and complete the work is a difficult process for anyone.

fortunately, there are many online resources to fall back on when doing your preliminary research and looking into what will work best for the answers to all those daunting questions above.
for starters, get your notepad and pen out (or your trusty iphone) and get ready to take notes.  the first, and obvious place to begin, is home depot. home depot is a giant in the home improvement world and is a great first resource to get your feet wt and learn about all the options available for home paver projects.

a second resource is floors & decor. this is a growing chain but they have knowledgeable help on site and the options to get help with your project just like home depot.

these are both very solid educational resources to begin your quest and start asking questions and shopping pricing. as i mentioned earlier, both of these chains have on-site personnel to assist you in selecting the hard materials you’ll need to finish the project and avoid any potential pitfalls as well.
lowe’s is also another top place to consider looking into when planning any project or improvement of any kind. they are located throughout the united states and have similar resources to home depot and floors & decor.

regardless of which home improvement chain you select, they are all very similar and offer great services. you can also check online for buying materials in bulk and check their delivery fees. the most important thing you can do is shop around and don’t be afraid to ask a lot of questions.
you will learn the ins and outs of each project and be better prepared each and every time you go out to tackle one head on.
best of luck!
 
 
… 


tips for driveway stone construction


are you planning a tight and solid driveway? read below our step-by-step plan with useful tips in advance and between the steps with which you directions not be faced with surprises afterward. buy driveway paving? then take a look at the page pavement paving for paving stones, small rocks, thick format, and webbing stones.
step 1 – preparation for a ramp
 
for laying a driveway, we recommend clinkers with a thickness of at least 6 cm, preferably choose 7 cm thickness. this ensures that the slope does not sag when a vehicle drives over it. under the category of paving in our webshop, various types of wall, thick format, and vowels with a thickness of at least 6 cm can be found. for driveways that are heavily used by heavy vehicles, we always recommend choosing a thicker compressed format. many leggings are possible for laying paving. we recommend, however, to use the herringbone leg bandage (or possibly the elbow leg bandage). this ensures optimum distribution of pressure across the surface.
to calculate the number of vowels needed, you can measure the area of the area to be paved. think about the cutting loss. we assume an average cutting loss of 8% for the herringbone laying bond.
set the area you want to pave with pickets. indicate on these pickets at which height the final vowels should be located. it is advisable to start from a fixed point such as your garage or house.
step 2 – digging
for excavating heavily loaded places like a driveway, an excavation of at least 20 cm is required, but we prefer 25 cm. to prevent any puddles on your street, you can dig 1 centimeter deeper after digging every meter. this ensures that the ramp runs out slightly and no water is left on it. if you need to bridge a more considerable height, it is wise to apply a layer of rubble grit as a substrate under your driveway and then, for example, 20 cm of sand. puingranaat is a solid underlayer; you should also vibrate with a vibrating plate.
step 3 – concrete tires / side closures
place the concrete belts along the edge of the surface to be paved, to determine the correct distance we recommend first to lay a row of clinkers. make sure there is enough depth, and we recommend 8 cm wide retaining straps to prevent possible shifting of the vowels. these concrete belts are also for sale in our webshop. then place the concrete belts in lean cement (= 1 part cement with 5 to 7 parts sand) 2 centimeters lower than the stones to be placed. this prevents the concrete tires from coming out above the paving.

step 4 – underground
always place the vowels higher than the adjoining surface. after all, you will continue to vibrate; this ensures that your vowels will still drop about 1 cm. moreover, this provides that sand rinses off the driveway instead of on it. ensure that the surface drains sufficiently, this can be done by using concrete rubble as a substrate or by drilling holes in a dense cover. then fill these holes with a drainage hose filled with concrete debris or gravel. for the best water drainage, we recommend a concrete rubble substructure.
step 5 – stabilize
to ensure that your driveway eventually comes to lie flat, you must make the subfloor stable. for this, it is possible to use a stabilizing mixture of pure washed river sand with cement (1 part cement with 5 to 7 parts sand). to prevent the mixing of large amounts of sand with glue, you can also sprinkle the cement layer over the sand afterward. then you can rake the adhesive a few centimeters deep through the sand. be careful, however, that no water comes to the sand/cement. if this happens, the sand bed can become hard before you have put the vowels. bear in mind that when the driveway drifts, the sand layer can still drop by 10 to 15%.
step 6 – laying vowels
when you have completed the first five steps, you can start laying the vowels. a tip here is to start from the street work (where you will find packs of stones). this prevents the net stabilized sand bed from being damaged during the laying of the vowels. we also recommend that a joint of one millimeter be maintained between each brick. this is already taken into account with our concrete paving blocks using the spacers, which protect your driveways extra, on the vowels. after laying the vowels, sweep the ramp with sand. this fills the joints that you have left open. you can then vibrate the clinkers with a vibrating device, choose a vibrating plate with a rubber mat for extra protection, and your driveways will then drop about 1.5 cm.
step 7 – filling in and sowing
after vibrating again, apply to sand on your driveway and let the wind and sweeper do the work for a few weeks. if necessary, add sifted sand, again and again, this process we recommend taking six weeks. make clear with a stack of pallets or stones that your driveway is not yet accessible to cars. to prevent traces, it is also wise to always park your car on your street in different ways.
﻿
… 
 



search for:






recent posts


driveway paver installations- things to consider


how to customize your driveway


planning a paver project


where the experts are


tips for driveway stone construction


categories

blogging

paving stones



february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« jan
 
 
pages

about us
contact us
privacy policy











copyright 2019, wordpress theme by webdzier




privacy policy
 










