homepage | california state senate  skip to main content  top bar live streams media archive capitol annex careers translate this site  search      california state senate main menu    home senators  senate leadership find my senator senate roster county representation committees, offices & caucuses  committees offices & caucuses publications  daily file daily journal senate histories california state constitution legislative handbook more... media  watch/listen to today's senate events tv schedule accredited press media archive citizens' guide  legislative process budget process california constitution rules faqs more... quick links  governor of california lieutenant governor of california california state assembly u.s. congress information secretary of state more... archive  committee archives historical record member archives calendar  legislative calendar & deadlines  image     message from the senate president pro temporeimage welcome to the california state senate website. here you can find information regarding your senator and senate district, the senate’s ongoing work, and how you can participate in the legislative process. we encourage all californians to stay engaged by watching committee hearings and senate floor session virtually or in-person, giving public comment, and staying up-to-date on the latest news. your involvement is critical to our ability to address key issues, including homelessness and housing, health care, and climate change. after all, our job is to represent you—the 40 million people who call the golden state home.mike mcguiresenate president pro temporetoday's events: 02/17/20252025-26 legislative sessionthe regular session has adjourned until tuesday, february 18th, 2025 at 2:00 p.m.the first extraordinary session has adjourned sine die.view full details of today's senate eventsmoments from the 2025-26 legislative session  senator sasha pérez   senator sasha pérez    senator akilah weber pierson   senator akilah weber pierson    senator christopher cabaldon   senator christopher cabaldon    senators shannon grove (left) and suzette martinez valladares (right) are preparing remarks.   senators shannon grove (left) and suzette martinez valladares (right) are preparing remarks.    senate president pro tempore mike mcguire   senate president pro tempore mike mcguire    grant high school (sacramento sd 08 ashby), the 2024 cif state division 2-aa football champions, received a warm welcome and congratulations from the senate.   grant high school (sacramento sd 08 ashby), the 2024 cif state division 2-aa football champions, received a warm welcome and congratulations from the senate.    senators brian jones (minority leader, left) and jerry mcnerney (right)   senators brian jones (minority leader, left) and jerry mcnerney (right)    senator henry stern   senator henry stern    2025-2026 california state senator   2025-2026 california state senator    find informationsenate calendar view calendar  x capitol virtual toursarchitecturehistorycapitol parkvisit the capitolmap and directionsbuilding hourstour informationkid's cornergamesfactslesson plans  footer site map privacy and conditions of use accessibility back to top feedback careers reporting inappropriate workplace conduct copyright © 2025 state of california was user menu   