






the british association of art therapists | baat























































menu




home
art therapy
find an art therapist
membership
publications and projects
training & cpd
events
galleries
about
news











 



we help unlock the transformative power of art and imagination to change lives. 

at the british association of art therapists we champion and nurture our profession and empower art therapists to support their communities.


learn more






find an art therapist
search our directory to find an art therapist / art psychotherapist near you. all our therapists comply with our standards and are regulated by the health and care professions council.
start your search


what is art therapy?
art therapy is an established form of psychological therapy delivered by trained art therapists / art psychotherapists. it’s designed to help anyone by supporting their social, emotional and mental health needs.
learn more


training  and cpd 
we offer conferences, courses, and continued professional development. 
discover more



 


latest insights & updates

04 december 2024

our response to change nhs



read the full story









our events





						introduction and foundation courses
					
introduction to the profession of art therapy






saturday 1 march 2025







								online via zoom
							

are you looking for a new career that involves helping others, creativity, and personal growth? whether you are starting to shape your professional path or want to change an established career, this introduction day will give you a chance to find out if the profession of art therapy may be for you.



introduction to the profession of art therapy: tell me more
					







						masterclasses
					
masterclass in trauma-informed art therapy practice






tuesday 25 - wednesday 26 february 2025







								online via zoom
							

trauma therapy is based on three core principles: stabilisation, trauma exploration, and integration. this masterclass will focus on art-based exercises for stabilising clients, applying pendulation and titration for safe trauma exploration, and using a bottom-up approach for cognitive integration of new paradigms.



masterclass in trauma-informed art therapy practice: tell me more
					







benefits of membership


professional development and support
gain access to our range of member benefits, specially designed to support you in your career or interest in art therapy 
learn more


access to the international journal of art therapy
members get free access to the complete back catalogue of our peer-reviewed journal 
learn more


make your next move by joining us 
find out how to become a member and join with like-minded people with a passion for art therapy
join us





claire reflects on her experience of art therapy, adolescent trauma and emotional dysregulation
art therapy helped others understand her thoughts and allowed her to visualise her emotional state

read claire's story











get in touch
email: hello@baat.org
call: + 44 (0) 20 7686 4216

						24-27 white lion street, 
london, n1 9pd 
united kingdom
					










support

find an art therapist
what to do if you’re not feeling okay
what is art therapy?
how can i access art therapy?
training & cpd



about us


our vision
what we do
what’s on
code of ethics
membership
advertise jobs with us
how to complain















sign up to get art therapy articles hot off the press 
hear about new publications in the international journal of art therapy and get the latest journal news and calls straight to your inbox. we never spam and only send the thoughtful and considered communications.






first name






last name






email




sign up




you can opt out of hearing from us at any time using the unsubscribe link in our emails. read our full privacy policy to learn more.







© copyright 2025

terms and conditions
accessibility
privacy



 



cookie preferences


this site makes use of cookies to help improve our understanding of how you use the site. this unformation does not directly identify you, but because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.







necessary: these cookies are necessary for this website to function and cannot be switched off.						



analytics: these cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.						



embedded content: these cookies are set when external content is embedded in the site, for example videos from third-parties like youtube.						


reject all cookies
accept selected cookies
accept all cookies














