











home | wilmette public library








































      skip to main content
    





















          hours & location
        




wilmette public library





9:00am-9:00pm







(847) 256-5025


wilmette public library
1242 wilmette ave.
wilmette , il 60091
united states


view on google maps







sun: 12:00pm-5:00pmmon: 9:00am-9:00pmtue: 9:00am-9:00pmwed: 9:00am-9:00pmthu: 9:00am-9:00pmfri: 9:00am-9:00pmsat: 9:00am-5:00pm

















  my account






main navigation



        toggle navigation      




books & media


open menu




borrow


open menu



catalog


library of things


museum passes




downloads & streaming


open menu



ebooks & audiobooks


magazines & newspapers


music, movies & tv 




recommendations


open menu



recommended reads


suggest a title


from our librarians







research


open menu




online resources


open menu



all resources


homework help (k-8)


homework help (teens)


online learning 




research by topic


open menu



business


genealogy


job search


local history







events


open menu




calendar


open menu



all events


kids events


teen events


adult events


newsletter download




programs & series


open menu



concerts & presentations


book discussions


storytimes


technology classes


suggest a program




spotlight programs


open menu



wilmette reads


winter reading club


let's learn together







services


open menu




services for


open menu



kids & families


teens


teachers


local authors




at the library


open menu



the studio


computers & media stations


print, copy, scan, fax


reserve a room


tax information




using the library


open menu



get a library card


borrowing & fees


delivery services


notary services


accessibility







about us


open menu




get involved


open menu



employment


volunteering


friends of the library


donations




information


open menu



contact us


plan your visit


about the library


library updates




board & administration


open menu



management team


board of trustees


budget & finance


projects & initiatives


strategic plan 2023-27


























    catalog  




    website  












keywords, title, author, and more!




          search
        









keywords











































 









 









 












previous




next








from our librarians










 





favorite teen romance novels for valentine's day


it may be freezing outside, but curling up with one of these teen romance novels will keep you cozy. here are our top ten favorite tropes found in love stories.

      read more about favorite teen romance novels for valentine's day
    






 





leaning into human differences


our latest between the lines event encouraged meaningful dialogue about human differences.

      read more about leaning into human differences
    





view more
























new books
















memorial days


a heartrending and beautiful memoir of sudden loss and a journey towards peace, from the bestselling, pulitzer prize-winning author of horsemany cultural and religious traditions expect those who are grieving to step away from the world. in contemporary life, we are more often met with red tape and to-do lists. this is exactly what happened to geraldine brooks when her partner of more than three decades, tony horwitz – just sixty years old and, to her knowledge, vigorous and healthy – collapsed and died on a washington, d. c. sidewalk.after spending their early years together in conflict zones as foreign correspondents, geraldine and tony settled down to raise two boys on martha’s vineyard. the life they built was one of meaningful work, good humor, and tenderness, as they spent their days writing and their evenings cooking family dinners or watching the sun set with friends at the beach. but all of this ended abruptly when, on memorial day 2019, geraldine received the phone call we all dread. the demands were immediate and many. without space to grieve, the sudden loss became a yawning gulf.three years later, she booked a flight to a remote island off the coast of australia with the intention of finally giving herself the time to mourn. in a shack on a pristine, rugged coast she often went days without seeing another person. there, she pondered the various ways in which cultures grieve and what rituals of her own might help to rebuild a life around the void of tony’s death.a spare and profoundly moving memoir that joins the classics of the genre, memorial days is a portrait of a larger-than-life man and a timeless love between souls that exquisitely captures the joy, agony, and mystery of life.











harlem rhapsody


“a gripping narrative, don't miss this historical fiction about the woman who kicked off the harlem renaissance.”—people magazine“a page turner and history lesson at once, harlem rhapsody reminds us that our stories are our generational wealth.”—tayari jones, new york times bestselling author of an american marriage (oprah’s book club pick)she found the literary voices that would inspire the world…. the extraordinary story of the woman who ignited the harlem renaissance, written by victoria christopher murray, new york times bestselling coauthor of the personal librarian.in 1919, a high school teacher from washington, d.c arrives in harlem excited to realize her lifelong dream. jessie redmon fauset has been named the literary editor of the crisis. the first black woman to hold this position at a preeminent negro magazine, jessie is poised to achieve literary greatness. but she holds a secret that jeopardizes it all. w. e. b. du bois, the founder of the crisis, is not only jessie’s boss, he’s her lover. and neither his wife, nor their fourteen-year-age difference can keep the two apart. amidst rumors of their tumultuous affair, jessie is determined to prove herself. she attacks the challenge of discovering young writers with fervor, finding sixteen-year-old countee cullen, seventeen-year-old langston hughes, and nella larsen, who becomes one of her best friends. under jessie’s leadership, the crisis thrives…every african american writer in the country wants their work published there. when her first novel is released to great acclaim, it’s clear that jessie is at the heart of a renaissance in black music, theater, and the arts. she has shaped a generation of literary legends, but as she strives to preserve her legacy, she’ll discover the high cost of her unparalleled success.











witchcraft for wayward girls


"superb ... a perfect horror for our imperfect age.” – the new york timesan instant new york times and usa today bestsellerthere’s power in a book…they call them wayward girls. loose girls. girls who grew up too fast. and they’re sent to wellwood house in st. augustine, florida, where unwed mothers are hidden by their families to have their babies in secret, to give them up for adoption, and most important of all, to forget any of it ever happened.fifteen-year-old fern arrives at the home in the sweltering summer of 1970, pregnant, terrified and alone. under the watchful eye of the stern miss wellwood, she meets a dozen other girls in the same predicament. there’s rose, a hippie who insists she’s going to find a way to keep her baby and escape to a commune. and zinnia, a budding musician who plans to marry her baby’s father. and holly, a wisp of a girl, barely fourteen, mute and pregnant by no-one-knows-who.everything the girls eat, every moment of their waking day, and everything they’re allowed to talk about is strictly controlled by adults who claim they know what’s best for them. then fern meets a librarian who gives her an occult book about witchcraft, and power is in the hands of the girls for the first time in their lives. but power can destroy as easily as it creates, and it’s never given freely. there’s always a price to be paid...and it’s usually paid in blood.in witchcraft for wayward girls, the author of how to sell a haunted house and the final girl support group delivers another searing, completely original novel and further cements his status as a “horror master” (npr).











the sirens' call


from the new york times bestselling author and msnbc and podcast host, a powerful wide-angle reckoning with how the assault from attention capitalism on our minds and our hearts has reordered our politics and the very fabric of our societywe all feel it—the distraction, the loss of focus, the addictive focus on the wrong things for too long. we bump into the zombies on their phones in the street, and sometimes they’re us. we stare in pity at the four people at the table in the restaurant, all on their phones, and then we feel the buzz in our pocket. something has changed utterly: for most of human history, the boundary between public and private has been clear, at least in theory. now, as chris hayes writes, “with the help of a few tech firms, we basically tore it down in about a decade.” hayes argues that we are in the midst of an epoch-defining transition whose only parallel is what happened to labor in the nineteenth century: attention has become a commodified resource extracted from us, and from which we are increasingly alienated. the sirens’ call is the big-picture vision we urgently need to offer clarity and guidance.because there is a breaking point. sirens are designed to compel us, and now they are going off in our bedrooms and kitchens at all hours of the day and night, doing the bidding of vast empires, the most valuable companies in history, built on harvesting human attention. as hayes writes, “now our deepest neurological structures, human evolutionary inheritances, and social impulses are in a habitat designed to prey upon, to cultivate, distort, or destroy that which most fundamentally makes us human.” the sirens’ call is the book that snaps everything into a single holistic framework so that we can wrest back control of our lives, our politics, and our future.











we do not part


the new novel from han kang, winner of the 2024 nobel prize in literature“[han kang’s] intense poetic prose . . . confronts historical traumas and exposes the fragility of human life.”—the nobel committee for literature, in the citation for the nobel prize“unforgettable.”—hernan diazhan kang’s most revelatory book since the vegetarian, we do not part tells the story of a friendship between two women while powerfully reckoning with a hidden chapter in korean history.one winter morning, kyungha receives an urgent message from her friend inseon to visit her at a hospital in seoul. inseon has injured herself in an accident, and she begs kyungha to return to jeju island, where she lives, to save her beloved pet—a white bird called ama. a snowstorm hits the island when kyungha arrives. she must reach inseon’s house at all costs, but the icy wind and squalls slow her down as night begins to fall. she wonders if she will arrive in time to save the animal—or even survive the terrible cold that envelops her with every step. lost in a world of snow, she doesn’t yet suspect the vertiginous plunge into the darkness that awaits her at her friend’s house.blurring the boundaries between dream and reality, we do not part powerfully illuminates a forgotten chapter in korean history, buried for decades—bringing to light the lost voices of the past to save them from oblivion. both a hymn to an enduring friendship and an argument for remembering, it is the story of profound love in the face of unspeakable violence—and a celebration of life, however fragile it might be.











the stolen queen


from new york times bestselling author fiona davis, an utterly addictive new novel that will transport you from new york city’s most glamorous party to the labyrinth streets of cairo and back. egypt, 1936: when anthropology student charlotte cross is offered a coveted spot on an archaeological dig in egypt’s valley of the kings, she leaps at the opportunity. that is until an unbearable tragedy strikes.new york city, 1978: nineteen-year-old annie jenkins is thrilled when she lands an opportunity to work for former vogue fashion editor diana vreeland, who’s in the midst of organizing the famous met gala, hosted at the museum and known across the city as the “party of the year.” meanwhile, charlotte is now leading a quiet life as the associate curator of the met’s celebrated department of egyptian art. she’s consumed by her research on hathorkare—a rare female pharaoh dismissed by most other egyptologists as unimportant.the night of the gala: one of the egyptian art collection’s most valuable artifacts goes missing, and there are signs hathorkare’s legendary curse might be reawakening. annie and charlotte team up to search for the missing antiquity, and a desperate hunch leads the unlikely duo to one place charlotte swore she’d never return: egypt. but if they have any hope of finding the artifact, charlotte will need to confront the demons of her past—which may mean leading them both directly into danger.











brooke shields is not allowed to get old


from generational icon brooke shields comes an intimate and empowering exploration of aging that flips the script on the idea of what it means for a woman to grow olderbrooke shields has spent a lifetime in the public eye. growing up as a child actor and model, her every feature was scrutinized, her every decision judged. today brooke faces a different kind of scrutiny: that of being a “woman of a certain age.”and yet, for brooke, the passage of time has brought freedom. at fifty-nine, she feels more comfortable in her skin, more empowered and confident than she did decades ago in those famous calvin kleins. now, in brooke shields is not allowed to get old, she’s changing the narrative about women and aging.this is an era, insists brooke, when women are reclaiming agency and power, not receding into the shadows. these are the years when we get to decide how we want to live—when we get to write our own stories.with remarkable candor, brooke bares all, painting a vibrant and optimistic picture of being a woman in the prime of her life, while dismantling the myths that have, for too long, dimmed that perception. sharing her own life experiences with humor and humility, and weaving together research and reporting, brooke takes aim at the systemic factors that contribute to age-related bias.by turns inspiring, moving, and galvanizing, brooke’s honesty and vulnerability will resonate with women everywhere, and spark a new conversation about the power and promise of midlife.











citizen


new york times bestseller • a powerful, candid, and richly detailed memoir from an american icon, revealing what life looks like after the presidency: triumphs, tribulations, and all.on january 20, 2001, after nearly thirty years in politics—eight of them as president of the united states—bill clinton was suddenly a private citizen. only fifty-four years old, full of energy and ideas, he wanted to make meaningful use of his skills, his relationships with world leaders, and all he’d learned in a lifetime of politics, but how? just days after leaving the white house, the call came to aid victims of a devastating earthquake in india, and clinton hit the ground running. over the next two decades, he would create an enduring legacy of public service and advocacy work, from indonesia to louisiana, northern ireland to south africa, and in the process reimagine philanthropy and redefine the impact a former president could have on the world.citizen is clinton’s front-row, first-person chronicle of his postpresidential years and the most significant events of the twenty-first century, including 9/11 and the runup to the iraq war, the haiti earthquake, the great recession, the january 6 insurrection, and the enduring culture wars of our times. with clarity and compassion, he also weighs in on the unprecedented challenges brought on by a global pandemic, ongoing income inequality, a steadily warming planet, and authoritarian forces dedicated to weakening democracy. yet citizen is more than a political memoir. these pages capture clinton in a rare and unforgettable light: not only as a celebrated former president and a foundation leader, but as a father, grandfather, and husband. he recounts his support for hillary clinton during her time as senator, secretary of state, and presidential candidate, and shares the frustration and pain of the 2016 election.in this landmark publication, the highly anticipated follow-up to the best-selling my life, clinton pens an illuminating account of american democracy on a global stage, offering a frank reflection on the past and, with it, a fearless embrace of our future. citizen is a self-portrait of equal parts eloquence, insight, and candor, a testament to one man’s unwavering commitment to family and nation.











homeseeking: a gma book club pick


a good morning america book club pick“sweeping and epic…an impactful love story, told against the backdrop of historical events…one of the best debut novels of this century.”—pittsburgh post-gazette“like any tried-and-true epic (think “pachinko” or “the joy luck club”)… homeseeking is just a genuine pleasure to read.”—san francisco chroniclea single choice can define an entire life.haiwen is buying bananas at a 99 ranch market in los angeles when he looks up and sees suchi, his suchi, for the first time in sixty years. to recently widowed haiwen it feels like a second chance, but suchi has only survived by refusing to look back.suchi was seven when she first met haiwen in their shanghai neighborhood, drawn by the sound of his violin. their childhood friendship blossomed into soul-deep love, but when haiwen secretly enlisted in the nationalist army in 1947 to save his brother from the draft, she was left with just his violin and a note: forgive me.homeseeking follows the separated lovers through six decades of tumultuous chinese history as war, famine, and opportunity take them separately to the song halls of hong kong, the military encampments of taiwan, the bustling streets of new york, and sunny california, telling haiwen’s story from the present to the past while tracing suchi’s from her childhood to the present, meeting in the crucible of their lives. throughout, haiwen holds his memories close while suchi forces herself to look only forward, neither losing sight of the home they hold in their hearts.at once epic and intimate, homeseeking is a story of family, sacrifice, and loyalty, and of the power of love to endure beyond distance, beyond time.











death of the author


in this exhilarating tale by new york times bestselling and award-winning author nnedi okorafor, a disabled nigerian american woman pens a wildly successful sci-fi novel, but as her fame rises, she loses control of the narrative—a surprisingly cutting, yet heartfelt drama about art and love, identity and connection, and, ultimately, what makes us human. this is a story unlike anything you’ve read before.the future of storytelling is here.disabled, disinclined to marry, and more interested in writing than a lucrative career in medicine or law, zelu has always felt like the outcast of her large nigerian family. then her life is upended when, in the middle of her sister’s lavish caribbean wedding, she’s unceremoniously fired from her university job and, to add insult to injury, her novel is rejected by yet another publisher. with her career and dreams crushed in one fell swoop, she decides to write something just for herself. what comes out is nothing like the quiet, literary novels that have so far peppered her unremarkable career. it’s a far-future epic where androids and ai wage war in the grown-over ruins of human civilization. she calls it rusted robots.when zelu finds the courage to share her strange novel, she does not realize she is about to embark on a life-altering journey—one that will catapult her into literary stardom, but also perhaps obliterate everything her book was meant to be. from chicago to lagos to the far reaches of space, zelu’s novel will change the future not only for humanity, but for the robots who come next.a book-within-a-book that blends the line between writing and being written, death of the author is a masterpiece of metafiction that manages to combine the razor-sharp commentary of yellowface with the heartfelt humanity of tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow. surprisingly funny, deeply poignant, and endlessly discussable, this is at once the tale of a woman on the margins risking everything to be heard and a testament to the power of storytelling to shape the world as we know it. 








view all





















 



 




download & stream









 



 




get a card









 



 




recommended reading - revised









 



 




storytimes









 



 




book a room









 



 




research












upcoming events


























sign up to receive emails from the library



      subscribe!
    













wilmette public library

1242 wilmette ave.wilmette, illinois 60091(847) 256-5025 


hours

monday-friday 9am-9pm
saturday 9am-5pm
sunday 12pm-5pm


about us

contact usdonateemploymentboard of trusteesaccessibility


connect with us!




 



 











back to top






















