







	florida real estate exam prep: study guide, practice test, tips & resources


















 log in
subscribe






florida real estate exam
since 1996






home
our team
exam services
free exam
testimonials
faq
contact



















freepracticeexam
subscribe





we can help you pass your exam!






                        improve your scorewith unlimited full length practice exams!
                    



                    whether you sign up for a day or a month, your membership includes unlimited access to practice exams. click here to try one for free. 
                




                        study and playwith audio and video content!
                    



                    review exam taking tips you've forgotten with our video instruction, and reduce stress with articles and flash cards. click here to see what you get.
                




                        pass the first timewith hundreds of case studies!
                    



                    read hundreds of multiple choice questions describing typical situations in real estate to sharpen your analytical, law, and math skills. click here to learn more.
                







let's get started!




free exam




subscription info








prev




'dr linton!!!  i passed!!!!!!  thank you thank you thank you xoxoxoxoxoxxoxo  thank you from the bottom of my heart for helping me with the subscription and your words of validation and kindness.'





nichole, 










'thanks for the incredibly helpful review info! i passed the test this weekend! :-)'





, 










'i am so happy i passed my exam today. thank you so much for all the tools and guidance provided. it was my first attempt and my score was so much higher than i expected it.'





maria, florida










'thank you, thank you , thank you. i passed on my first try yesterday! the practice exams were everything.'





anna, new york










'i passed my exam! thank you. sincerely, mindy'





mindy, 






next
more testimonials


"i would recommend this site to others"



updated: february 2025









leave feedback








director's message



                    dr. linton hutchinson
                    

hi, i'm linton and guess what? i went through the same agony and anxiety that you might be experiencing right now. i personally look forward to taking tests as much as i look forward to a trip to the dentist. we were the first florida real estate exam test prep site online, and for 18 years we've been providing a way to study for your exam so you can get on with your life and put this experience behind you as quickly and as painlessly as possible, right from your own home. it's in there.







our zero risk guarantee
we are so confident we offer the best online preparation material that if you don't pass your exam we will put you back on the site for the length of your original subscription for free. all you need to do is send us a screenshot of your results and we'll get you back online right away! and, if you still don't pass, don't worry, you will qualify for a reduced rate on future subscriptions. click here for our refund policy.



the licensure exams difference


the hard way
pay once & get one exam

a single exam starting at $35


the licensure way
pay once & get unlimited exams

subscriptions starting at $12.95






let's get started!




free exam




subscription info

































home
subscribe
exam services
testimonials
my menu
free resources
legal
privacy policy
faq
about us
contact


                
                this is an online tutoring review service to help you study for the florida real estate sales associate examination to obtain a florida real estate sales associate license.

the online study material covers law, practices, and math that is required on the florida real estate sales associate examination.

if you need licensure requirements, contact the florida department of business and professional regulation (dbpr) at  www.myfloridalicense.com.to find out the current requirements and procedures, which may vary from state to state. only they can give you official and current answers to your important questions. 

realestateexam.com and licensure exams, inc. are not affiliated or associated with any organization that provides the licensing exam or issues the license.
            

  site developed by dylan hunt
                
                    © 2025 - licensure exams, inc.    
                    
                










