





look mom, no hands! (bill miller's website:) - homepage










		  3/23/2016 – hello! my website is in need of an overhaul, but much of 
		  the content is still relevant. i will update it eventually, but other 
		  endeavors currently have a higher priority. that said, i hope you find 
		  something worthwhile here, and check back occasionally! thanks and god 
		  bless! bill 














"look mom, no hands!"








that's me, bill miller, in 1998
        (larger
        picture).



 it's an expression
        often used by a young boy to unintentionally increase his mother's heart
        rate by demonstrating a newfound ability to ride a bicycle without
        clutching the handlebars. 
 here, however, it's the chosen slogan for a
        quadriplegic to demonstrate some of what can be accomplished sans
        hands... including the design, development, and direction of
        this website.










the primary objective of this website is to shed light on life
as a quadriplegic -- more specifically on my life as a spinal cord injured c1-2 quadriplegic on a ventilator (much like
late actor and real-life superman 
christopher
reeve).  i wish to show that a high quality of life can be attained and
maintained despite what's viewed as difficult circumstances -- being
paralyzed from the neck down and being dependent on a machine to
breathe.  
i also wish to use the far-reaching (yet computer close)
aspects of the world wide web to personally share my experiences with others in
conditions like mine.  "roads" that my family & i may have struggled to
"pave"
in our continuing efforts to adapt & improve upon caregiver strategies and
to make our situation as easy & functional as possible, these roads can be of
service to others who may be facing some of the same & similar challenges
(checkout "bill's links" and "life with an sci" at the bottom of this page 
-- but also
checkout the bowling links below:).









my name is bill
        miller and this is my website.  the developmental progress has
        slowed as i work on other projects like wheelchair bowling (check out
        below:).  but 
      www.lookmomnohands.net will be changing
        periodically.  feel free to
      e-mail
        me with any questions or comments.  visit
        here whenever you'd like and check the below "what's new and/or
        updated" list and the "coming soon" list. 

        thanks:)...

this 
      website was last updated: 4:57 am 5/5/2012 -- some items below say   
      [updated ____ ]
personal update 6/15/2006: despite
      my physical condition, about a year ago, i resumed my education at the 
      university
      of florida via their
      online
      business program (bachelor's degree) which means i have even less time
      for updating this website, than when i originally wrote the above
      paragraph.  however, feel free to ask questions or send comments; i
      usually reply within a day or two and your question could lead to my next
      update... thanks!
personal update 8/18/2007: god willing, if everything goes as planned, i will graduate with honors from the above university of florida program in august of 2008.   my formal education is likely to continue after that, but i'll share those plans as they develop...
personal update 8/22/2008: on august 
      9, 2008 i graduated with honors from the university of florida with a 
      bachelor of science in business administration (bsba degree).  i 
      actually completed uf's online bsba program with a 4.0 gpa (straight a 
      average).  it was important to me to "ace" the program because i 
      wanted to demonstrate that i can be highly successful despite being 
      vent-dependent and paralyzed from the neck down.  if you want to know 
      more about
      my educational journey [updated 9/1/2008] or where i'm planning to "go" from 
      here... click 
      
      here! 


      updates from bill miller 5/9/2010: i share personal, family, and 
      bowling & business updates.  this is something i recently emailed 
      people on my master list. if you want on or off my master list, just ask. 
      no worries.
 

updates from bill miller 
      1/28/2011: i share personal, family, and 
      bowling / business updates.  i  emailed 
      this to people on my master list.  if you want on or off my master list, just ask.  no worries.
 

      i'm home from surgery -- update 2/3/2011: find out how yesterday's 
      surgery went...

      thanks -- and god bless!

      bill miller :-)
      c1-2 quadriplegic with a 255 high bowling game
      co-founder of manufacturing genuine thrills inc. d/b/a mgt
      my blog:
      
      http://powerwheelchairusers.blogspot.com
      business website:
      http://www.ikanbowler.com
      personal website:
      
      http://www.lookmomnohands.net











what's new and/or
        updated (also check my personal updates above):


my  blog: empowering
        wheelchair users! -- 
        http://powerwheelchairusers.blogspot.com 
        -- here i share insights into how we're getting power wheelchair users
        (back) in the game of life!  if you are or may be interested in the
        below links which talk about wheelchair bowling and power soccer,
        checkout 
        five
        things to know about power wheelchair bowling!  also a must is to
        see my entry titled: 
        two
        videos and a slideshow on power wheelchair bowling!  :-)

manufacturing
        genuine thrills, inc. -- home of the ikan bowler®! -- did you know that 
        essentially all wheelchair users can bowl?  and that
        anyone who can operate a power wheelchair can bowl and play power
        soccer?  it's true.  checkout my above blog, which shares some
        important insights into our efforts to get power wheelchair users (back)
        in the game of life!  ikan comes from the greek word
        ikano, which means enable.  wheelchair users: ikan?  yes you can --
        with the ikan bowler® wheelchair bowling system!  :-) 
        manufacturing genuine thrills, inc. is a long name, so we're
        "d/b/a" mgt, which means "doing business as" mgt,
        and we have the best  power soccer  guard available anywhere as
        well.  checkout out our website, 
        www.ikanbowler.com,
        and the story of how we got started is below. 

wheelchair
        bowling -- wouldn't it be great if there were a device or devices
        that would enable almost all wheelchair users to bowl?  well,
        read 
        this
        story of how we got started -- and see videos (although the best
        video is at the mgt website above:)...

my "full story" for 
        sci people / support groups -- [updated 5/5/2012] -- i wrote this to 
        hopefully be 
        informative and encouraging for other people with spinal cord injuries, 
        but able-bodied visitors to my website might find it interesting also.

websites i webmaster --
        [updated 5/5/2012] -- in writing the above, i felt it would be good to share 
        the websites that i've designed and developed as desired by some family 
        and friends (or me:).

life with an sci 
        -- [picture updated 7/21/2010] -- the serenity prayer is always 
        appropriate: "god, grant me the serenity to accept the things i cannot 
        change, the courage to change the things i can, and the wisdom to know 
        the difference."  amen.  

bill's links 
        -- [updated 3/7/2012] -- this page features some of my favorite websites, web tools, and resources for both able-bodied and physically challenged people... (and some 
        good websites for computer-challenged
        individuals as well:).  alert: search for sexual predators in your
        florida neighborhood, under my "for
        locals" category.

meet bill miller 
        -- [updated 5/3/2012] -- features
        background info including my accident, and some of what i've been doing
        post-accident.  includes a newspaper article about
        me and one by
        me, plus an article that was published in uf's wcba 2006 dean's report.  
        the most recent update is a for "meet bill miller" a video i did.

"dedicated to bill miller" 
        -- this is a brief semi-biography written by my stepmom 
         donna
        miller. 
        she's always wanted to write a book, i'm flattered to be her subject of 
        choice.  in four short sections available for free downloading, she 
        shares heartache and happiness, some of her favorite stories and tidbits 
        she finds meaningful.  enjoy!

an
        evening with christopher reeve -- the president of the 
         christopher
        reeve paralysis foundation (a merger between the american paralysis
        association and the christopher reeve foundation) was in gainesville
        last night, april 25th, 2001, and so was i.
coming soon (maybe!):

 bill's 
        movie reviews 
        -- [updated 6/23/05] -- spanning parts of
        1998, 1999, and 2000, i reviewed seventy movies in sixty-seven movie
        columns for the daily commercial.  if you like what you see,
        syndication could bring me out of retirement:)... 

bill's photo 
        gallery 
        -- [updated 1/1/2012] -- one of my favorite hobbies is playing with and
        enhancing both scanned and digital pictures (presentation picture added 
        2/6/2009).











  
 
meet
        bill miller  |   
      life
        with an sci   |  
      bill's
        links  |  
      contact bill

bill's
        movie reviews   |  
      bill's
        photo gallery
  
        


this website is most 
      aesthetically pleasing when medium text size is selected from the view 
      menu in internet explorer.




© 2000-2017 lookmomnohands.net.

