

airship heritage trust




























click 
                  here to return home 











 
 




  

































 










inside 
                  you will find an extensive history relating to all of the british 
                  airships from 1900 to the present day. 

                  the trust is a charitable, not for profit, voluntary run organisation 
                  based in the u.k aiming to promote the interest and study in 
                  the history of airships and lighter than air travel, along with 
                  the preservation of cardington airship station and its principal 
                  buildings.
enjoy 
                  browsing the online archive...



















search





 
 



 
 
 
 



 
 
 



 
 



members 
              subs update - if you haven't updated your annual subscription standing 
              order, you can top 
              up your subs here
 
 


auturn 
              2024 - latests edition of dirigible magazine out now...more


australian 
              airships scheme documents ..a proposal from the airship guarantee 
              company reveals some unsual plans  
              more...


new 
              sentinel 9000 plans... revealed an uncovered plan for an 
              unusual skyship  
              more...


the 
              bournemouth  - recent personal photos show how the ship crashed
 more...


 


a 
              flying saucer a cardington 1975 - detail around the proposed 
              lenticular airship, the saucer shaped sky ship  
              more...


british 
              naval airships - by brian turpin. the last few sets of the 
              4 volume book, with over 1,200 photos, 230 original photos and 19 
              colour plates in 4 volumes is available to order through the 
              aht shop.


r 
              102 more details uncovered... recently uncovered some information 
              on the proposed r 102 
              more...


skyship 
              stories podcasts....what was it 
              like to fly a skyship in the 1980's? we hear from aht member and 
              airship indusries pilot, rod burgess in a series of 8 videos, explains 
              what it was like to become a pilot, life on the road with airship 
              industries, and what it takes to fly these wonderful machines. thanks 
              to the skills of aht member stephan niemeyer,who helped illustrate 
              and annimate these wonderful stories .... 
              more


how 
              to moor a british rigid airship.... 
              thanks to the skills of aht member stephan niemeyer, we've created 
              this wonderful annimated video on the giant rigid airships were 
              moored on the cardington mast.... 
              more














we 
              have both facebook groups and a youtube channel... check them out, 
              join, like and subscribe!





aht 
              privacy policy


 


 














 


  


 


 



copyright © 2023 airship 
heritage trust. all rights reserved. copying and/or redistributing of any files 
is illegal under international copyright law. airship hertage trust is not responsible 
for the content of external sites.

