



georgetown university center for child and human development


















contact | gumc | georgetown university











about

welcome from director
our history
going global
our team


expertise

community and clinical services
research and evaluation
technical assistance
workforce development


focus

behavioral health
cultural competence
developmental disabilities
early childhood
gender and health


collaboration 
resources



















we, at the georgetown university center for child and human development (gucchd), strive to foster a stronger society by promoting the wellbeing of all children, adults and families and creating more inclusive communities. we work together to:

advance collective solutions.
bridge the campus to the community.
build strong and diverse partnerships.
broadly share our extensive expertise with empathy and dedication.
















earlychildhood
culturalcompetence
developmental 
		    disabilities
behavioralhealth
gender &health
global initiatives









      highlights

applications now available for the georgetown university certificate in early intervention (gucei) and the leadership education in neurodevelopmental disabilities program (gulend) fall 2024 cohorts!
 learn more & apply 

read the u.s.-afghan women’s council (usawc) statement in support of afghan women 

leadership education in neurodevelopmental disabilities (lend)
faculty from the gucchd has been awarded a 5-year grant, leadership education in neurodevelopmental disabilities (lend). lend, funded by the maternal and child health bureau (mchb) of the health resources and services administration is a premier training program that began in the 1960s.  there are currently 56 lend programs in 44 states. 





georgetown university  certificate in early intervention
 learn more 



what's new


 gucchd pays tribute to disability 		rights pioneer judy heumann.

read the tribute here.
 the infant and early childhood mental health technical assistance center (iecmh ta center) website has just launched!
 learn more!
 we are pleased to share that new york governor kathy hochul has announced a $10 million partnership with the georgetown university national center for cultural competence to advance practices and policies of diversity, equity, and inclusion and cultural and linguistic competence into supports and services for people with developmental disabilities.)
	
 learn more!
georgetown university experts in conversation with frances haugen, facebook whistleblower: how social media impacts teen health read now!

new episode of georgetown now! 
	the georgetown ucedd director tawara goode was interviewed by georgetown university president, john j. degioia. watch now!














new resources

perinatal needs assessment
			
uncovering the role of racism in dc reproductive health inequities
"racism bleeds throughout this entire healthcare system": elevating black women’s birth stories in washington, dc through a racial equity lens (2022)
racism drives the maternal health crisis in washington, dc (research briefs)
            

learn more  
maternal, infant, and early childhood home visiting (miechv) needs assessment 
learn more  
george: preparing future early interventionists in the natural environment

learn more  
dc home visiting on-line modules

learn more  
disparities in intellectual and developmental disabilities services and supports: why should we focus on disparities in intellectual and developmental disabilities services and supports?  | en español
learn more

what's working? a study of the intersection of family, friend, and neighbor networks and early childhood mental health consultation 
    	  -    	    full report 
    	  - summary of key findings 
    	  - brochure
learn more

supporting young children’s social emotional development in dc child care centers 
learn more
workforce retention from the home visitor perspective 
   	    learn more








georgetown university
			center for child and human development
box 571485, washington, dc 20057

 202.687.1954
 
 gucchd@georgetown.edu












georgetown university center for child and human development is a designated university center for excellence in developmental disabilities.







