


noonbarra  kelpies











'the australian outback legend'

 





  
















   
			


email us


















more
customer comments
"thanks for sending 
two fantastic dogs, we are already planning on a couple more from you.
 noonbarra 
             tank & shiloh

"she's been nothing but perfect. she really is everything you'd want 
    from  a companion / family dog and more!! "
- 
noonbarra rose
"scamper has turned out to be a wonderful dog.  she 
    is super friendly, and pretty much loves all people and other dogs." -
				noonbarra scamper

             "people have often come up and commented on how good he is, but now 
             people are coming up and asking where i got him from !"


"tess has a great little nature and wins people over quite 
             quickly."

"we were very 
impressed how they work but also how calm they were. 
have been working kelpies since 1976 but have 
never seen young kelpies so calm" - 
noonbarra luke and noonbarra jessica 
harry is now 2 1/2 years old 
				and i feel blessed and very privileged to have him. i love his 
				playfulness (he has me in stitches when he plays with some of 
				his food treats) but at night time, he likes nothing more than 
				to get on my lap and cuddle by the fire. he is so friendly and 
				doesn’t understand when someone ignores him (he loves 
				attention); i’m sure he has an over abundance of the cuteness 
				gene! – 
				fiona baker and noonbarra harry

she has settled in really well 
				both at school and at home despite a number of disruptions such 
				as moving house and suddenly sharing her home with a pair of 
				grumpy cats.  she has adapted to school life really well 
				and the kids line up to look after her at recess and lunchtimes.  
				she loves the beach and to run as you can see in the photos. she 
				has a great temperament especially with kids and is eager 
				(sometimes much too eager) to meet kids.  her training is 
				coming along and generally obeys all commands the first time.  
				all in all she is a beautiful and happy dog.  thanks again.  
				-
				adam foster with noonbarra tara.


 

more customer comments





see more information about 
         kelpies we have sold in the past 

the noonbarra kelpie stud is a small, 
         family run, australian working kelpie stud in nsw. australia. we are 
         one of the longest established breeders and very well respected,  
         both in australia and internationally. 
         the noonbarra stud is fully registered with the working kelpie council of 
         australia. (wkc).
over the past 40 years, noonbarra kelpies have become one of the best known and most successful 
         kelpie studs in australia, despite us only breeding small numbers 
         compared to many kelpie studs.  we have always preferred to stay a small stud 
         and keep everything hands-on just by our family to ensure we get the 
         quality we want.
over many years of breeding 
         these wonderful dogs, our noonbarra kelpies have 
         been very successful in nearly every field of endeavour, including, 
         yard dog trials, obedience competition, commercial mustering wild goats, tv & film work, 
         droving work, frisbee competitions, therapy dogs, agility competition, arena 
         three sheep dog trials, rescue dogs, cattlework, flyball, utility 
         sheepdog trials and more....
we have sold our australian working
         kelpies all over australia including tasmania, western australia and 
         northern territory as well as around 
         the world to
         countries that include sweden, united states of america, new zealand, belgium,
         norway, hong kong, croatia, japan, canada, italy, switzerland, russia, 
			singapore, hungary and germany.  
our family has been associated with
         breeding and training australian kelpies for over 100 years. 
         we are 3rd generation family of breeders & trainers. we 
         are authors of five books on dogs. stephen also works as a professional 
         dog trainer and behaviourist on all breeds. we still breed on the 
         best of the old 
         kelpie bloodlines and 
         all our dogs go strongly back to the renowned kalari kelpies and are 
         direct descendents of the great kelpies of the 1800's such as quinn's 
         coil, tully's moss and gleeson's kelpie.
the noonbarra kelpies are 
         renowned for being extremely versatile and have proved
         themselves to be exceptional dogs with cattle, sheep, goats, alpacas
         and other livestock on farms and stations from as little as 2 or 3 acres to
         more than 1,000,000 (million) acres! 
our kelpies have also increasingly 
         been sold as wonderful companions to families in cities and suburbs 
         where they have excelled as faithful, loving ... and often a little 
         spoiled, pets.
 





customer comments
               "she is a wonderful dog. i cannot begin to 
tell you how happy i am with her. you guys did a great job of picking the 
perfect dog for me. - noonbarra ruthless .
"her ability to work, to be in the right place at the right time 
               has happened so often it is uncanny. to me she is the 'one in a 
               lifetime' great bitch/dog that one owns." 
				- noonbarra 
               bonny"indy is a gem. best 
dog i've ever seen. he picks things up so easily it astounds me and challenges 
me to try and teach him more complex tricks and commands ... things 
               are still going absolutely fantastic.  -
 noonbarra indy ii
"a dog owner couldn't ask for a friendlier little soul to share their life
with - she is a credit to you and the dogs that you are breeding. thank you
for giving us such a wonderful friend. "

[noonbarra frankie in s.a.] 
               "tina (iii) was one of the few great females i've ever owned. i 
               used her around the shearing sheds and a lot of shearing 
               contractors wanted to buy her.". - noonbarra tina iii
               "if someone offered me a million 
dollars for her she wouldn't be for sale, i love her very much and i'm pretty 
sure the way she looks at me that the feeling is mutual." - 
noonbarra tally, victoria australia.
"bonnie goes out to pick up the paper when it is delivered 3 times 
             a week." - noonbarra bonnie
"one of the reasons we got indy was i 
				wanted a running companion. she is going well and i couldn't 
				have asked for a more suitable puppy". 
				- 
				noonbarra indy iii

when i picked him up from your place, you predicted 
				(mary) that i would have a “very handsome dog”. well, he 
				certainly is that. when i take him for walks, people quite often 
				stop to tell me what a good looking dog i have got. – in the 
				evenings, when the work is done, and i am watching tv, he 
				usually lies down on his mat next to my chair, but sometimes he 
				comes closer and rests his head on my feet. that’s how i know he 
				loves me, even if he is distracted by other dogs. 
				- rolf regal with noonbarra jaffa.
just a quick update on 
				(noonbarra) astro. he is doing amazingly!!! 
				
we are so happy with him and just amazed at how well 
				he has settled in and how quickly he is picking up things. 
				
the crate training is a god-send, he loves his 
				crate. when he wants time out during the day he climbs in to 
				have a sleep in the sun and at night he is more then happy to 
				climb in for bed time, we don’t hear from him till morning when 
				we stir.

i have 
				been pleasantly surprised at how quickly she is leaning and how 
				easy she is to train. she is getting the hang of commands such 
				as sit and off and knows she needs to sit and wait before being 
				invited into the house or before eating her food. she has been 
				doing really well with the down-stay. 
				chris 
				zadow with noonbarra jarrah
noonbarra kora is still 
				delighting me daily with her work …. kora has become a neat 
				little dog on the heifers and being so quiet …but she stands her 
				ground and just walks up with great control and style. when 
				following also likes the odd nip to the heals if they are a bit 
				slow.  -noonbarra kora

i’m proud to tell you, that elmo became european 
				champion in women classic category, and qualified to the world 
				championship to the usa, - anna with noonbarra elmo 
				in hungary (europe)


really there’s only one thing to say and that’s 
				thank you. she is such a lovely little dog…friendly, smart, 
				keen, easygoing, tough and gorgeous! she’s a really positive 
				presence in our lives and in the business (hasn’t met a rep or 
				tradie she didn’t like), is an excellent traveller and also a 
				great mate to connie, our older dog. – catherine and bruce with noonbarra bird

people say that she is a wonderful working dog... in my opinion, mou is 
				a little angel, because she think only about making we happy ... 
				we thank you for ever, for this doggy :) – susanna with 
				noonbarra mou in italy


				the (sheepdog) trial manager approached me after the novice 
				class, and remarked that lucky seems a good dog. no matter how 
				frantic things were, lucky always squared her flanks.


				her cast was wide, and she lifted the sheep with finesse.  – 
				noonbarra lucky star 

i have to say she does not have an aggressive or 
					unhappy hair on her body.  you certainly bred a dog with a 
					fantastic temperament.  life is one big party for her and 
					she loves me - i love her for both those qualities. - 
					noonbarra cydi. 




more 
               customer comments & reports 





kelpies we have for sale now 
         !
we have bred dozens of 
         kelpies who have been sheepdog trial winners in arena (paddock - 
         3 sheep), utility, farm and yard dog sheepdog trials  
         including the national australian open champion, multi-western 
         champions and the nsw state open champion.


over the last 40 years, we have bred and trained thousands of dogs, as
         well as teaching others through our training school and private lessons. we have also been involved in tv
         and film work with our kelpies and given numerous exhibitions around
         australia. (see section). we have written a number of books, magazine and newspaper 
         articles on the kelpie breed as well as producing a series of videos & 
         dvd's. we 
         have served as directors of the working kelpie council of australia and 
         the international working kelpie club. 
our 
         kelpies are on the old classic bloodlines. we like the old style dogs. most are small - medium types with an 
         athletic look and a good turn of speed when it is needed. they bond 
			closely and are great mates!
all our noonbarra kelpies have been bred 
         very strongly back 
         on a direct line to the great station and trial working kelpie 
         bloodlines of kalari. kelpies from these lines include the famous liscannor pace, rockybar 
         buff, chondo doll, liscannor kay, le cliff jock and kalari joker. but the main influence 
         for noonbarra has always 
         been the great kalari 
         basil born in 1959. we have more of his blood in our dogs today than 
         any other stud in the country and we are very proud of this achievement. his work, 
         temperament, calmness, versatility and incredible thinking ability has always been 
         the benchmark we have bred towards at the noonbarra stud.
we are purposely still endeavouring to breed 
         more towards the old  
         style of kelpie which has a lot of holding ability, distance and break out and 
         allows the stock to settle. these are medium and smaller sized kelpies that show eye and style and are calmer 
         dogs on stock. they are also 
         intelligent, loyal 
         dogs. we are very proud to say that our noonbarra kelpies have maintained many natural inherited traits that are becoming 
         extremely difficult to find in 
         a lot of the modern bloodlines today.
we prefer to have kelpies with a kind and 
         loving personality, who are  good with children and show a high 
         degree of intelligence, good agility, respond well to training, know 
			how to settle and enjoy being with their owners. we think this is what is needed 
			in a top kelpie today.
our noonbarra kelpies are bred to
         be loyal and friendly and that is why so many stockmen buy them as 
         their work mate. it is also likely to be one of the main factors in
         our growing sales to families who want a genuine  working kelpie as their choice for a 
         companion dog! 

noonbarra kelpies for sale 
         now

         see our present & past kelpies


stephen & mary (2002) with top sire: noonbarra dusty iii and a 
big puppy: 
noonbarra jack v. 
photo by laurelle kinsman of merrynvale kelpie stud 


noonbarra noonie


noonbarra blaze ii


see kelpie reviews, comments and photos of noonbarra 
kelpies we have sold
kelpie adults & 
puppies 
we have for sale now


email us!

kelpies@noonbarra.com
australian working kelpies

noonbarra kelpies for sale


noonbarra ted with olive sommerfeld - dec 
2006

 



noonbarra sassy and her favourite toy







noonbarra kelpies as 
pets


noonbarra kelpies and sheepdog trials

noonbarra kelpies & 
cattle

noonbarra kelpies 
& agility competitions

noonbarra 
kelpies & tv/movie work

see our present & past kelpies

kelpie 
books


kelpies for sale now!

our  
location
 



 







mary and stephen bilson 

noonbarra kelpie
stud



p.o. box 1374, orange nsw,
australia



www.noonbarra.com
 


email us





 

our  location
 

see 
referrals and customer reviews of kelpies we have sold!

noonbarra kelpies for sale



 

         
          
  

noonbarra gus                                             noonbarra tashi                                                                  
noonbarra mudgee

 










noonbarra pepper



