




crist custom home builder - west fargo, nd - crist construction



























































 

phone: (701) 793-1333 


custom homes
homes for sale
photo gallery
about us
contact
news

search
 






life is short.who we arewhat we dolive it.learn morecontact usin a home you love.learn morecontact uspreviousnext123

your dream home can become a reality. crist construction has 25+ years of building quality, custom, dream homes.contact us

hello
we are crist construction. we do things a little differently. if you’d like to sit down and discuss a custom home, we’ll invite you into our crist home. to sit at our dining room table, have a cup of coffee, and talk. no fancy offices. no high-pressure sales pitch. we build a small, manageable number of homes per year. we won’t sacrifice our quality reputation, in exchange for quantity. however, we do like to be adventurous. we built the first home in charleswood addition of west fargo, in mapleton’s golf course addition, and in the osgood addition of fargo. you’ll be comfortable and confident, knowing that we’ve been doing this for over 25 years, and we’ll guide you through the building process. if our homes meet your needs, we trust you’ll join our list of smart, satisfied homeowners.
call or text loren today: 701-793-1333


getting startedyou’ll appreciate working directly with your builder, and speaking one-on-one. loren crist is here to help you every step of the way, from a-z.



1. financing

we recommend you contact an experienced builder before discussing financing. we can help develop a budget, and we work with lenders who are familiar with us, and building new homes.

2. site selection

where are we going to build your home? finding a location that fits your budget is an early priority. we can show you lots we have available, or help you to select a site.

3. plan design

custom homes, not cookie cutter. first home, or your dream home, we’ll work with you to refine plan designs. to personalize your home. even completely custom designs.


4. home construction

loren crist is personally on site from start to finish. how long will it take? from preliminary construction to the final home walk-through, generally 4-5 months. we’ll work together to develop a custom timeline, from design to completion.

5. final walk-through

delivered on time and on budget. we’ll be sure you’re oriented with all its features and functions. we’re dedicated to making sure every client is completely satisfied with their new home.

6. warranty

in the unlikely event we need to make a correction, all our homes have a minimum 1-year warranty period. however, we love talking to our clients. we’re always happy to answer a question or concern.

virtual tourtake a 360° interactive virtual walking tour through a crist custom home.








why us?

craftsmanship“a true hands-on craftsman builder” with over 25+ years experience building houses. loren is passionate about building top quality custom homes. you must see his trim work, and clean job sites.
25 years experiencethere is no substitute for experience. don’t let someone else make mistakes and miss deadlines on your dime. chose someone with a proven track record, and years of experience.
great supportbuilding a home is a large project. communication is important. there are many benefits to communicating directly with your builder. he’ll answer your questions, and keep you informed.
relationshipsalmost as important as your contractor is the work of the subcontractors. we have built long-term partnerships with subcontractors who consistently deliver quality work, on time and on budget.
competitive pricingwe’re not going to be the cheapest, or the most expensive. we keep overhead low to keep our prices competitive. our homes are a great value that will stand the test of time.
crist guaranteeevery crist home is built using top quality materials, by experienced craftsman. in the unlikely event there is a problem, every new home comes with a 1-year warranty. we always welcome calls from former clients.

   

interesting info the average person owns 3 homes in their lifetime.
new homes are 1,000 sq/ft larger than in 1973.
100 new people move into the fargo, nd metro area every week.

crist construction 204 36 1/2 ave place east
west fargo, nd 58078
loren crist
ldcrist62@gmail.com
mobile: 701-793-1333

office hours monday-sunday: 7:00 am - 7:00 pm

home builder newshello world!january 18, 2016 - 3:50 pm





© copyright - crist construction - site design by local 360













scroll to top





