



shimamoto sound - philadelphia recording studio and record label
in philly cd mastering demo mixing overdubs music










 philadelphia recording studio and record label 






 


 

 


 


 


 


 

 


 

 




 recording studio

contact us - equipment - pictures - projects
- rates - sound samples




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 record label

contact us - cd duplication & distribution - shows - bands - free mp3s - buy a
cd



studio services include: tracking, overdubs, mixing, and cd
mastering.
now offering location recording and live sound
services in the philadelphia area.









        
shimamoto sound is a recording studio that seeks to bring the most out of each artist's music.
our staff is committed to working hard to make things right so our
clients don't have to worry about the technical aspects of music.
we offer top quality analog and digital audio technology for all
types of music and have the experience to make the most out of
these tools. we pride ourselves on being able to being able to
offer our clients good deals and a fair rate for top quality work.
 our many years of experience in the music business and strong work ethic enable us to get the job done right the first time. 
  our projects are always done on
schedule using efficient, time effective methods.  we especially strive 
to support the local music scene here in the metro philly area.  
whether you're a band or solo artist that is just starting out and want to 
record your first demo or you're a major label artist we treat everyone 
with the same respect and we'll do our best to make sure you're satisfied with the work.

        
contact shimamoto sound to see what
we can do for you today as a recording studio or a record label. we're happy to answer all of the questions
you may have about the recording process or the music business in
general. we strive to help artists of all experience levels get the
most out of their careers. shimamoto sound offers a variety of
solutions for recording artists so that we are able to be a one
stop answer for every aspect of their music career. our experience and
expertise in the music business has been proven it can take a music
career to the next level.  no matter what your goals are we can help you make them happen.  
we take our work seriously and we understand the importance of capturing the voice of each 
individual artist and doing what's right for them.  
        















links
 - mailing lists
& newsletter - photos



tech philly
• data recovery
• repair philadelphia
• recovery
• forums
• directory
• classifieds
• music
• forums
• phila
• pc service
• simplpost art: philly artist organization
• the best of philly art awards
• webcomic with philly's first superhero by george mink
• philly fine artist jes gamble

philadelphia laptop repair 
• laptop repair philadelphia
• data recovery philadelphia
• philadelphia data recovery

philly music links: philly spot - citypaper - wxpn-fm 88.5 - whyy tv12 and 91fm - phillynews - george's 5th st.
cafe - chris jazz cafe - cherry tree music co-op - bellyup internet radio - electric factory
concerts - kimmel cente - libertynet - mann center - tweeter center - grape street
pub
jessica gamble artwork - jes gamble philadelphia artist






