



unique birdhouses & outdoor furniture - fowl places





























welcome to the fowl places website ......
here you'll find unique, originally designed wooden birdhouses and outdoor furniture, all made with cavity nesting birds and our environment in mind. excepting the use of new connecting hardware (screws and occasionally nuts, bolts and washers - no nails nor staples are used) all additional materials consist of previously used woods, porcelain and glass insulators, rusty metal banding and other used hardware, metal sheeting, old farm implements, and etc. rusty metal used in construction became that way naturally - absolutely no chemicals are used to treat fowl places products. old fence and barn wood colors come from natural weathering and/or previously applied paints and stains. each birdhouse nesting compartment is also constructed to open without the use of tools - for ease of cleaning and inspection.

pictured to the left is a pendleton® bobbin birdhouse designed exclusively for pendleton woolen mills. 

what's new at fowl places?the fowl places website is updated regularly as new birdhouse designs are added and events are scheduled. fowl places contact information is also found below.


(website last updated april 24, 2020)

 













select any photo below for further information on a particular birdhouse design. these birdhouses are available only from fowl places. further information on how to acquire one of these unique birdhouses is listed on the sales page.
north american cavity nesting species for which fowl places birdhouses are designed are: mountain, western & eastern bluebirds, chickadees, nuthatches, titmice, house wrens, hairy & downy woodpeckers, and tree & violet green swallows.
 



























































































 
newest designs .... making web pages for ..... the rooster roost, owl, star and valentine heart birdhouses. the rooster roost and owl birdhouses are designed for bluebirds and smaller cavity nesting species (they have a 1-9/16" entry hole 6+" above the 5" x 5" floor of the interior nesting compartment). the valentine heart birdhouse is designed for swallows and smaller species (1-3/8" entry hole) and star birdhouse is designed for the smallest cavity nesting species: chickadees, nuthatches and wrens (it has a 1-1/8" entry hole).
          for pricing on these designs please email fowl places.




 
artist nancy laberge muren has used a custom hanging hutch birdhouse in one of her "backyard bird series" watercolors. prints and greeting cards of this watercolor are available from muren. for further information, and a larger image of this beautiful watercolor, please visit the nancy laberge muren web page on this website. the birdhouse featured in the painting now has a happy yard in livingston, montana.



 
fowl places' birdhouses are designed to meet the nestbox approval criteria of the north american bluebird society. good birdhouse design & construction is essential for cavity nesting bird health and survival. please visit the nabs website to learn more on this topic.



 

photo of the week :) updated 4/24/20.

        a black-capped chickadee about ready to bolt for more nesting material. this california quail birdhouse is located around 20 feet from the little spokane river in a native willow. boy, can these birds pack a mouth full of stuff!


for the most recent photos of fowl places birdhouses please visit the fowl places facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/fowl.places.5 



 

          northwest profiles (ksps television - spokane, wa) did a great piece on fowl places back in 2001 ..... 19 years ago! i just learned recently that they put the video on youtube (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sz8koseong4).

enjoy!

 




 



































 













 





above is the listing of the current fowl places website pages. the sales page contains contact information on fowl places products and direct ordering information. the features page describes how fowl places birdhouses are designed to be proper homes for cavity nesting bird species - along with additional information on the unique materials used in construction. these rollover links in a smaller form are found near the bottom of each web page for website navigation.

website design and photography by fowl places. last updated 4/24/20.






































































