




































motley rice | class action lawsuits | complex litigation










      skip to main content
    






motley rice - attorneys at law

menu


navigation

main navigation


cases


featured cases


ozempic lawsuit


hair relaxer lawsuit


social media lawsuit


ivf embryo fluid lawsuit


see all cases




litigation areas


offices


about


frequently asked legal questions


mdl/complex leadership experience




attorneys


headlines





close

search mobile site







close

search site





search

contact us
1.800.768.4026


















mma layer








                  
              seeking justice for those harmed by wrongdoing
            




tell us a bit about you

or call us at 1.800.768.4026




















 



                  
              nationally recognized law firm
            

since 1979, our attorneys have had a strong record of taking landmark actions for consumers and workers, we began with asbestos and tobacco cases and today represent hurt people and entities in a wide variety of cases. we're honored to be recognized.
no aspect of this advertisement has been approved by the supreme court of new jersey.

award methodology









 

chambers usa










 

      
				
				

		
		
		"best law firms"
        









 

      
				
				

		
		
		"elite trial lawyers"
        









 

      
				
				

		
		
		practice group of the year
        









 

the legal 500 united states















                  
              featured cases
            

                  
              suing defendants to hold them accountable
            

we passionately advocate for our clients' rights and interests. we're committed to achieving justice for the people and families we represent.






oxbryta sickle cell medication lawsuit

								pfizer inc. issued a voluntary recall of oxbryta® after serious adverse events, including death, were reported. motley rice is currently investigating claims of alleged harm resulting from use of oxbryta.
explore the case





pesticide lawsuits

								the pesticides roundup®, paraquat and dacthal® have been linked to human health risks. the manufacturers of these products are facing lawsuits filed by victims.
explore the case





depo provera lawsuit

								people diagnosed with meningiomas are filing depo provera lawsuits seeking compensation for harm they suffered after use of the birth control medication. recent research found a possible 
explore the case





toxic baby food lawsuit

								parents are suing major baby food makers for selling products containing toxic heavy metals.
explore the case



view all cases



 




about motley rice
our history makes us bold. our boldness makes history.
for decades, our firm has upheld our deep commitment to advocate for workers, consumers, families, and investors, and fight for justice for those hurt. our attorneys have litigated some of the most significant cases in u.s. court backed by our extensive experience and ample resources.
discover our rich history

motley rice attorney facts

tobacconegotiated the $246 billion master settlement agreement — the largest civil settlement in u.s. history.
asbestos & mesotheliomarevealed the most substantial business cover-up in u.s. history of a devastating disease caused by a product.











                  
              world-wide reach
            
with more than 100 attorneys, hundreds of support personnel, and a network of co-counsel across the globe, we have the resources to investigate claims for clients throughout the u.s. and around the world.

find an office









                  
              attorneys
            
from workers to consumers, shareholders to local communities, our attorneys represent people and entities from all walks of life who have suffered injuries or losses due to corporate negligence and misconduct.

find a lawyer








 



our legal focus areas

                  
              comprehensive litigation
            

                  
              our lives and those of the people we love can change in an instant. whether you were blindsided by an unexpected diagnosis or are finding your way following a devastating accident or financial loss, we're here to support you.
            
explore all case areas



anti-terrorismantitrustasbestos exposureaviation lawsuitconsumer fraud protectiondiabetes lawsuithuman rightsmedical devicesmedical drugsnursing home abuse and neglectpersonal injury and wrongful deathpublic clientsecurities class actionstechnology and mediatoxic exposuretransportationwhistleblowerwomen’s health lawsuits










headlines & press

                  
              updates from the forefront of change
            







february 3, 2025

            
			|
			news

two motley rice antitrust settlements receive recognition


by
			motley rice



read article








january 31, 2025

            
			|
			news

motley rice whistleblower clients expose securities fraud and are awarded over $6m by the sec


by
			motley rice



read article








january 30, 2025

            
			|
			news

attorneys offer analysis of midair crash between american airlines flight 5342 and black hawk helicopter


by
			motley rice



read article







view all articles





 



                  
              press coverage
            




law360


january 1, 2025

featured story

product liability cases to watch in 2025





story on law360






new york magazine - the intelligencer


december 30, 2024

featured story

5 unanswered questions about the south korea plane crash





story on the intelligencer 






cecil whig


december 20, 2024

featured story

residents, state file suits against manufacturing company over 'forever chemicals'





story on cecil whig





view all press coverage





see all press coverage





 






your legal options

                  
              start your motley rice consultation in simple steps
            
connect with an attorney1.800.768.4026

 
1

                  
              submit information
            
call us or fill out our online form with the details of your potential case.


2

                  
              case review
            
our team reviews your information to assess your potential case.


3

                  
              case consultation
            
talk with us about next steps.











 







motley rice

contact us
1.800.768.4026








footer menu


cases


about us


attorneys


offices


litigation areas


faqs


home


careers







instagram
linkedin
facebook
twitter




our commitment to you

            we offer compassionate support through challenging litigation. we understand its life-altering impact. we persistently advocate for what's right, standing by your side throughout the entire process.
          







cookie settings


© copyright 2003 - 2025 motley rice llc. all rights reserved. prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.
attorney advertising.

footer legal


privacy policy


disclaimer



download adobe reader




 








