



































tutoring with peoi's faculty available in a dozen subjects free of charge.





all peoi's courses are free and open to all, including registration,
           tests and certificates.





peoi's students are located in 187 countries and read peoi's courses in
         arabic, chinese, french, spanish, as well as english.
       





peoi's students can take tests on the same subject, and none of the tests
            have the same questions.



‹
›











                      courses & programs     
                






                      programs    
                










































                       students resources         
                





                     student login      
                





                    registration      
                





                     students readme           
                








                          creating courses           
                





                     volunteers     
                





                    authoring courses    
                





                     about us         
                













firefox is the only browser recommended to view peoi.

for instance, no other browser than firefox correctly represents mathematical equations written in mathml.




    peoi is a not-for-profit all volunteer organization registered with 
    us irs as 503(c)(3)educational organization.
    peoi has been creating courses since year 1999.
    peoi's courses are designed as american style university level courses that fit into
    standard university semesters of 15 weeks of study. 
    peoi's courses are available for enrollment only if the course contains a large 
    test questions data bank, as well as assignments and class discussions topics.
    we want to become your university.


    peoi's courses are entirely free and open to all. no prequesites are required. 
    students can read peoi's courses in english as well as in eleven other languages
    provided the course has been fully translated into that language.
    there are no dates to start or complete a course. you can study at your own pace.
    students can take a test as many times are they want because tests on the same subject 
    are different each time. only the highest test grade counts toward a course 
    completion certificate.


 peoi now has

    
volunteers
    contributing as course authors, editors, peer reviewers, audio specialists, web page designers,
    illustrators, local  country representatives and translators from 

    


     countries. there is
    much work left to do. do you teach, or have professional knowledge? 
    to qualify as author, faculty or translator you must have completed a
    program of study at a recognized university. won't you join us? 
    contact the team : 
     contact information.



see   
peoi youtube channel.




follow us:

 facebook
 

linkedin


 

 twitter


    all pages on peoi published under creative commons 
    



    attribution-noncommercial-sharealike 2.5 license
    



 site navigation map 
privacy policy
 resize -a
 +a


 
                       link to us 

 last updated: 
                    ,



 

                         rss feed





