




miriam's well - your full-service simcha planning for your bar/bat mitzvah, baby-naming, brit milah, wedding and any special occasion.



































full-service 
            judaica and 
            simcha planning 
            by michelle booth

            your personal guide to 
            your bar/bat mitzvah, baby-naming, brit milah, wedding, and any 
special occasion!
currently available on the 
san francisco peninsula. 
(650) 341-4400
 




































billie s. booth fund 




invitations


kippot

























 


















miriam's well invitations 
foster city, ca 
(650) 341-4400 
by appointment 
we have received the reader's choice awards for the best invitations on the peninsula & south bay! at miriam's well you will find exquisite invitations, custom designed just for you!  we have a large selection of papers priced to fit every budget!

come for your simcha invitations to miriam's well!

we specialize in invitations for: 


bar/bat mitzvah
weddings
anniversary
and any special occasion!












"invitations set the tone for an event, and for a perfect start to any party.   "j" readers know just where to go to make the best first impression. 
miriam's well in foster city has become a top choice for jewish invitations. owner michelle booth is committed to her clients' needs: "i am here to help people find exactly what they want and keep it within their budget constraints" 






come in to see all of our inventory!
we have many more products in our shop than 
what you see on our   website, 
and our inventory is constantly changing! 

















order your invitations, 
                    personalized kippot, 
            tallitot and other ritual items, 
            provide poise, posture & hebrew coaching,
            referrals for jewish music, 
            photo/video, 
            and more!

 want to know more? 



 























miriam's well with michelle booth:
                        your provider of
                        judaica, jewish gifts and simcha products














 


jewish invitations
bar mitzvah invitations
bat mitzvah invitations
jansson invitations
elite & chase invitations
regency thermo invitations
carlson craft invitations
checkerboard invitations 

customer service 

kippot
kosher nosherai



 

press for miriams-well 
                          michelle's favorite links 






 ©2011 michelle booth. all rights reserved.
website by design web magic  








