







welcome - visitorinfo









































 




skip to content











visitorinfo














welcome 





















visitorinfo





toggle menu






















welcome



we invite you to explore thousands of travel flights, ideas and quality hotel opportunities all across the globe from antigua and barbuda, argentina, aruba, australia, austria, azerbaijan, bahamas, belgium, bolivia, brazil, british virgin islands, brunei, bulgaria, cambodia, canada, chile, china, colombia, costa rica, croatia, curacao, cyprus, czech republic, dominican republic, ecuador, egypt, fiji, finland, france, french polynesia, germany, greece, grenada, guatemala, hong-kong, hungary, iceland, india, indonesia, ireland, israel, italy, jamaica, japan, jordan, kenya, korea, laos, lithuania, luxembourg, malaysia, malta, mexico, mongolia, namibia, netherlands, new zealand, nicaragua, norway, oman, panama, paraguay, peru, philippines, poland, portugal, qatar, russia, singapore, south africa, spain, sri lanka, sweden, switzerland, taiwan, tanzania, thailand, turkey, u.a.e., ukraine, united kingdom, uruguay, usa to vietnam and beyond!
alright! now then, i love to travel to all places – mostly internationally! so in jan 2017, i took advantage of our new and recent freedom to travel. ok, well travel to cuba legally! and i thoroughly enjoyed my solo two-week stay in havana, just walking around and taking pictures. i also spent a month in ecuador at an ocean-side home while house-sitting. other fun trips included thailand, puerto rico, spain, portugal, the philippines, cancun, puerto vallarta, akumal, cozumel, aruba, dominican republic, jamaica, st thomas, and others.



get the best prices on hotels all over the world with booking.com, kayak, hotels combined, trip advisor, expedia,  and more.! and remember to check out cheapflights and trip.com for airfares, car rentals, vacation packages, and more. be sure you also get the best available hotels rates when you book online with our 3 tips for the best rates. 
get more travel information and fun tips from rickie meeuwsen on youtube, tiktok, instagram, twitter, and facebook.








home swap/exchangeswap your home and see the world: how home exchange can save you thousands on travel

 














recent posts


swap your home, see the world: how home exchange can save you thousands on travel


top 5 cities in europe you must visit before you die!


the world’s most extravagant travel experiences you’ll want to try


the final days of the tropicana casino


hershey’s chocolate world:  vegas excess – 800 pound woman


 





categories

accessible travel

adventure travel

budget travel

ecotourism

glamping

hone exchange

las vegas

luxury travel

off the beaten path

sustainable travel

travel destinations and guides


 







search for:



search
 













© {1999} visitorinfo
 



facebook
twitter
instagram
pinterest
telegram
tiktok
reddit
 










translate » 




scroll to top
scroll to top
 












welcome 













