






british horn society – the british horn society exists to stimulate interest in all aspects of horn playing throughout the united kingdom

















































skip to content













menu


home
about

committee
constitution
contact


events
interviews
links
grants
members area

my account
music library
grants
magazines
videos
articles


join today
login
 































british horn society






welcome to the british horn society website. an exciting community of horn players throughout the uk.







join today























+ british horn society


















welcome to the website of the british horn society






the british horn society exists to:

stimulate interest in all aspects of horn playing throughout the united kingdom
encourage and support the development of all horn players in the united kingdom
assist and support the development of young british horn players
promote the art of horn playing to the wider british public
act as a source of horn playing expertise

sign up now for annual membership and join our amazing community of horn players dedicated to the art and craft of horn playing throughout the uk.
the british horn society, which is run by horn players, publishes a special magazine, the horn player, organises festivals and other special horn playing and study events featuring the best international soloists, and administers a bursary fund to assist young horn players.
annual membership includes vip access to other members along with the latest news from the world of horn playing, free access to the huge selection of music in the bhs library, updates on upcoming horn concerts around the uk, free promotion of your horn concerts and much more!

































join the british horn society






be a part of thebritish horn society today! our annual membership gives you exclusive access to bhs resources and news.







join now










 















© 2021 british horn society. all rights reserved.
the british horn society is a charity registered in england and wales. our registered charity number is: 1090599
 









 
scroll to top 



















