








program for engineering communication – uw–madison



























 











skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









program for engineering communication





menu
open menu


close





people
courses
certificate
expand


collapse



certificate
applying to the technical communication certificate
certificate requirements
tcc internship
tcc forms
wisconsin engineer magazine


competitions
expand


collapse



competitions
winners of the engineering communication award
winners of the applied ethics award
previous steuber prize winners
about william steuber
previous wunsch prize winners


wisconsin engineer magazine
contribution to abet mission
 



events
contact
 






 




the program for engineering communication is part of the uw college of engineering.
about the program
instructors in the program teach the major communication courses for undergraduate students in the college of engineering. the engineering communication course (interegr 397) meets the university’s general education (comm-b) requirement and several engineering departmental requirements. a second course in technical presentations (epd 275) is required by some undergraduate programs. the mission and learning objectives for the full program for engineering communication may be found here.
our role in the college of engineering
pec promotes communication skills that transfer across the engineering curriculum beyond teaching the required core communication courses, and our instructors often serve as liaisons to courses of all levels in the college. because we know that students should learn and practice writing and presentation skills early in their undergraduate career, we have given guest lectures in several courses and have provided guidance for end-of-semester design reports. we have worked with senior design courses in multiple departments to help students refine their preliminary and final design reports and their presentations. while our focus is typically on undergraduate education, we support the coe’s graduate programs through guest lectures, multi-day writing workshops, and sessions at neo. pec faculty also teach graduate students and professional engineers in courses offered by interdisiplinary professional programs (formerly epd).
our instructors have worked directly with faculty in engineering departments as well: we have helped instructors integrate communication instruction into their courses; design specific, focused communication assignments; and create grading rubrics that articulate clear expectations for student work. additionally, with support from the college, we have produced a series of moodle-based instructional modules that faculty can use in their own courses to provide an overview of best practices in many different communication areas.
the program for engineering communication also participates actively in the assessment process for abet’s accreditation of twelve undergraduate programs in coe. we collect extensive data on student performance in interegr 397 for abet outcomes (1-7), particularly: (3) an ability to communicate effectively with a range of audiences; (4) an ability to recognize ethical and professional responsibilities in engineering situations and make informed judgments, which must consider the impact of engineering solutions in global, economic, environmental, and societal contexts; (5) an ability to function effectively on a team whose members together provide leadership, create a collaborative and inclusive environment, establish goals, plan tasks, and meet objectives; and (7) an ability to acquire and apply new knowledge as needed, using appropriate learning strategies. individual departments use these data in their self-studies and in developing their plans for future improvement. in the coming years the tcp instructors plan to build stronger cross-departmental relationships to support engineering faculty in teaching and assessing student outcomes; we will continue to build on our existing collaborative efforts with senior design faculty, particularly through our online modules and rubrics, for reinforcement of some of these skills.
our mission
the program for engineering communication strives to enhance our students’ communication abilities and provide effective communication training for undergraduates in engineering and science disciplines. overall, the objectives of the program are to:

provide education in principles and processes for communicating about technical subjects (including problem solving methods, audience analysis, rhetorical analysis, conventions of format, and usability testing).
provide education in the fundamentals of written, oral, and visual communication (including structure, style, mechanics, format, and delivery).
emphasize effective interpersonal communication and management skills (including teamwork, interviewing, leading and facilitating groups, project management and international communication).
extend opportunities for students to research and think analytically about contemporary issues and consider ethical issues.
use current technology to encourage effective communication in a variety of formats and environments.
strengthen relationships with other engineering departments and industry (i.e. integrate communication in the engineering curriculum and provide students with real world experiences through communication internships and guest lectures).


 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin
 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: pdmille1@wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.











