




skelly's amusements inc. ; a family tradition since 1956 - new jersey carnivals,
delaware carnivals, pennsylvania carnivals, delaware valley carnivals, amusement rides,
carnival supplies, carnival rides, tilt-a-whirl, ferris wheel, zipper, carousel, super
sizzler 






























































     joseph skelly, the
        shows founder, started skelly’s amusements in 1956. one evening on his way home from
        work, he noticed a truck mounted merry-go-round for sale; an idea was born. he borrowed
        some money to buy the ride and soon put it to work. he would come home from his job as a
        bookbinder and after a quick dinner, would drive the merry-go-round through the streets of
        darby, pennsylvania, charging 10 cents a ride. it had 8 tiny horses that he would push
        around by hand while music played. 
     by the early 60’s,
        more equipment had been added and a route of church carnivals had been established. most
        of the events were in new jersey, thus in 1965, the company moved to pine hill, new
        jersey. 
     nearly forty years
        later, skelly’s amusements is now located in williamstown, new jersey. tom
        o’connor and michael skelly own the company. it has grown to a 25-ride operation
        providing fun for fairs, carnivals and festivals in new jersey, pennsylvania and delaware.
        gone are the truck mounted and gas driven rides of the past; in their place are trailer
        mounted, computer controlled machines designed for intense thrill and extreme safety. the
        ride operators are trained and the inspections are documented. skelly’s amusements is
        committed to providing safe, fun family entertainment with the cleanest rides, game and
        food concessions available. thank you and enjoy our site. 









skelly's
    amusements inc.
    1136 glassboro rd. williamstown, nj 08094
    phone: (856) 728-4800  fax: (856) 728-1260
    email: info@skellysamusements.com





web
    site designed and maintained by matt's web design.




