












service wire company | wire and cable manufacturer































 productsbare coppersingle conductorstwisted cablestray cablearmored cablesvfdpumpirrigation servicesemergency servicecable managementpackaging and pullingreel returnquality systems resourcescustomer q&aservice wire newsdaily copper closeproject galleryvideo galleryservice wire academy markets servedheavy commercialindustrialutilityrenewable energypumpirrigationcanada contact usaboutlocationscareers









placeholder content
 eservicepro login













ask the experts:

shielded vs. unshielded

 

selecting shielded or unshielded tray cable depends on the application and installation requirements. see how to choose the right tray cable for your project.

read now

this cable won't stop when
temperatures drop
 
extreme cold temperatures can cause cables to stiffen, crack, and even break. to avoid cable damage, select a cable with a sufficient cold temperature rating for your application.
learn more
wire & cable

emergency service



we're stocked and ready in all locations for storm season. are you prepared for unexpected utility restoration?

learn more

subscribe to the
copper close 

keep up on the fluctuating copper market with our award-winning daily copper close. 
subscribe
career opportunities:

we're hiring



we’re always looking for top talent to help drive our success. check out our open positions at all locations!

view openings








review wire & cable solutions for:





heavy commercial




industrial




utility




renewable energy




submersible pump




irrigation




canada
 

 


reliable, independent
    
    wire manufacturer.



since 1968, we've built a reputation for safely manufacturing high-quality wire and cable, delivering industry-leading service levels, and creating shared sustainable growth for employees and partners.
    
     
  

find your rep



 

find your rep






we're hiring
time to start your new career.
we're always looking for top talent to join our team. we have openings in sales, manufacturing, and distribution.

proud history
proud history, bright future.
with over 50 years under our belt, we are an experienced wire and cable manufacturer heading toward a bright future.
 


service wire has always been exceptional to work with–you can always depend on them.


 

tough to find any manufacturer better for support, service, inventory, and quality of products.

in the news




emily wotring and matt cardwell named top 30 under 35

service wire is proud to announce that wotring and cardwell have been selected for ted magazine’s prestigious “30 under 35”.
  




ron gibson receives career award

ron gibson received the 2024 distinguished career award from wcma.
  




service wire hires inside sales representative

service wire co. has hired jack ritter as insides sales representative - utility. 
  




service wire hires a national sales manager

sokolowski will be responsible for positioning service wire products with key contractors.
  



service wire recognizes reps at nemra
service wire co. presented art weisberg founder's award to top performing reps.




service wire promotes jeff anderson

service wire co. has promoted jeff anderson to business development manager.
  




service wire promotes ron spozio

service wire co. has promoted ron spozio to national sales manager.
  



service wire hires inside sales manager
service wire co. has hired sarah dempsey as inside sales manager - houston.



our brands
view our product catalog to see our full line of wire and cable solutions.
 
view products


serviceplex®
pull ahead with prefab cable.
an assembly of quality single conductors twisted to create a uniform construction—reducing setup time, cost, and scrap.

servicedrive®
drive performance.
maximize the life of your drives with the only complete solution for common issues associated with vfd applications.

servicepro-x®
no lubricant required.
our line of enhanced surface crosslink insulation does not require pulling lubricant. available #6 awg and larger.

rainbow wire®
these colors won't fade.
rainbow-colored submersible pump cable fused in a flat configuration that won't chip or fade.

serviceguard®
ultimate protection.
power cables with ultimate protection—2kv rated rhw-2, 2kv rated pv cable, and 1kv/2kv rated rwu90.


enviroplus®

protect what matters.

  the original full wall, low smoke zero halogen (lszh) cable ensures safety in case of fire.

 

 

 

industry-leading services

cable management



lock in pricing and ensure product availability for the duration of your job with inventory management.

emergency service



when you need wire and cable fast, call on service wire. we offer true, 24/7 emergency service, 365 days a year.

quality systems



excellence is at the core of everything we do—from the raw, made in north america materials to our stringent in-house testing.

 

customer q&a articles


where is low voltage cable used in ev infrastructure?

there are many factors to consider when choosing the right low voltage wire and cable for ev charging station projects. learn what to look for in ev cable before before bidding on your next job.
 

how to select roadway lighting cable?

selecting the right wire & cable is critical for going the distance in dot roadway and street lighting projects. here are our top four tips for selecting the right cabling solutions.
 

thhn vs. xhhw-2: what's the difference?

thermoset xlpe insulation is superior to the thinner pvc insulation used in thermoplastic products (like thhn/thwn-2). learn more about the differences between thhn and xhhw-2.
 










corporate office:

310 davis road 

culloden, wv 25510

800.624.3572

houston, tx office:

10803 w lake houston pkwy 

houston, tx 77044

800.231.9473

phoenix, az office:

4331 north 44th avenue 

phoenix, az 85031

877.623.9473



twitter
linkedin
youtube
facebook
instagram




about service wire
service wire is a multi-generation, family-owned wire and cable manufacturer and has been since 1968. we are committed to producing the finest quality american made products while providing industry-leading service levels.
 
our nationwide network of distributors and advanced distribution capabilities enable us to meet and exceed the often-complex needs of industrial, commercial, utility, pump, and irrigation customers throughout north america and the world.
click here to learn more...
line card  |  service wire canada  |  submit feedback
do not sell my personal information





contact ussite mapterms & conditionsprivacy policycareers

                © service wire. all rights reserved
            









 
            




twitter
linkedin
youtube
facebook
instagram




 productsbare coppersingle conductorstwisted cablestray cablearmored cablesvfdpumpirrigation servicesemergency servicecable managementpackaging and pullingreel returnquality systems resourcescustomer q&aservice wire newsdaily copper closeproject galleryvideo galleryservice wire academy markets servedheavy commercialindustrialutilityrenewable energypumpirrigationcanada contact usaboutlocationscareers







request quote









