





	murphys ca homes for sale, arnold ca real estate by century 21 sierra properties
























































contact 







first name:*










last name:*











email:*











phone number:











comments:*














                              
                        
























 saved properties | 
             saved searches | 
             sign in | 
        


 saved properties | 
         saved searches | 
         my account | 
         sign out





sign in

            this page or feature requires that you login.  if you do not have a login, click here to register for free.
        


e-mail: 



password: 




i forgot my password






not yet registered? create an account.





forgot password
enter the e-mail address you signed up with and we'll send your password to you.


e-mail: 








not yet registered? create an account.





create an account

            this page or feature requires that you have a registered account.
        



first name:*
last name:*






your e-mail address: *





choose password:*
confirm password:*

























already have an account? sign in.














toggle navigation









search


rentals


buy


sell


areas


fine homes


publications


about us




















































































































buy


rent


sell





location:



















find a home
featured properties













mobile search?

                there is a mobile property search version available.  would you like to redirect? 
                (not all content is available on the mobile site).
















sell your home

what's your home worth?
this isn't an "estimate" based on a formula a computer engineer wrote. it's a true valuation based on your unique home, it's characteristics and features, by a real agent who knows your neighborhood and area. the right information makes all the difference!
get started














customize your home search
get new listing updates
from anywhere, anytime
save your searches for a personalized home search experience, have new listings emailed to you based on your search criteria, view additional property photos and details, and save properties to your portfolio to share, review and compare! registration is fast and the service is always free!

sign-up free!











meet our team
find a local agent
our local real estate experts are ready to assist you with buying or selling a home. we know the area, the homes, the schools, the communities and look forward to helping you reach your goals!

find an agent























helping make calaveras county home
whether you're looking to sell your property or looking to find your dream home our professional agents are here to help. we have years of experience as realtors in arnold, murphys, angels camp and surrounding areas.
learn more












our locations
  visit one of our local offices





209-795-4485
call or contact us online today











our community
explore the area 





murphys
california
explore





arnold
california
explore





angels camp
california
explore




explore all areas





	 







careers with us

join our team!
we love people who think “complacency” is a strange and foreign word. the people who give 121% and don't understand why others don't. they are not fine with fine. they are not ok with ok. they are not good with good enough. they go all in, and then some more. yes, that's who we love, and that's exactly who we want to join our team.
learn more





















1



popular home and real estate searches




arnold ca real estate  
arnold ca homes for sale  
angels camp ca real estate  
angels camp ca homes for sale  
murphys ca real estate  
murphys ca homes for sale  sonora real estate sonora ca homes for sale  twain harte ca real estate  twain harte ca homes for sale jamestown ca real estate columbia ca real estate 



communities we serve




murphys, ca  
arnold, ca  
angels camp, ca  sonora, ca  jamestown, ca  jackson, ca  oakdale, ca  twain harte, ca  ione, ca  valley springs, ca  stockton, ca  modesto, ca  columbia, ca





2



century 21 sierra properties



106 main street
murphys ca  95247



209-795-4485































century 21® and the century 21 logo are registered service marks owned by century 21 real estate llc. reyne gibbs properties, inc. fully supports the principles of the fair housing act and the equal opportunity act. each office is independently owned and operated. any services or products provided by independently owned and operated franchisees are not provided by, affiliated with or related to century 21 real estate llc nor any of its affiliated companies.
dre 02130377
century 21 sierra properties 106 main street, murphys, ca 95247, p: (209) 728-8870

 

built and powered by salecore











ok
www.c-21sierraproperties.com learn more about our cookie policy or privacy policy.



