



home of professional speakers and trainers | great expectation speakers and trainers






































 1300 55 64 69























menu

home
speakers

celebrity speakers
keynote speakers
motivational speakers
master of ceremonies
conference speakers
business speakers
leadership speakers
resilience speakers
health & wellbeing speakers


trainers

workplace training


entertainers

corporate entertainers


contact us









































find great speakers and trainers for times of crisis and beyond
specialists with expertise in leadership, mental health and resilience for online events and webinars



search presenters
speaker
trainer
entertainer





search by keyword
search by topics









search presenters by topics


a f l
achievements
adventure sport
advertising
after dinner
ageing
agriculture
artificial intelligence
authenticity
author
band
brain / neuro science
branding
bullying / self esteem
business
business skills
business success
c e o / m d
change management
circus acts
climate change
collaboration
comedy
communication
conference services
conflict resolution
construction
consultant / coaching
consumer trends
corporate entertainment
corporate governance
corporate hoax
creativity / innovation
cricket
culture change
customer service
cyber security
demographer
digital technology
disability
disruption
diversity and inclusion
e business
economics
education
energisers and breakers
engagement
engineering
entertainment
entrepreneur


environment
ethics
etiquette
facilitator
female speaker
finance
food / wine
franchise
futurist
generations
globalisation / world affairs
goal setting
golf
government / politics
growth
health
high energy
hypotheticals
indigenous
inspirational
international speaker
issues
law
leadership
learning
lifestyle
magic
management
marketing
master of ceremonies
media
men's health
mental health
military
mining
moderating debates
motivational
motor racing
music
n l p
negotiation skills
occupational health and safety
olympian
overcoming adversity
panelist
paralympian
performance
personal development
philanthropist
presentation skills


problem solving
profiling
psychology
real estate
reconciliation
recruitment/employment
relationships
religion
resilience
retail
risk management
roving
rugby league
rugby union
safety
sales
science
self esteem / bullying
small business
soccer
social media
social responsibility
society / social trends
sport
sport coaches
sport other
stage act
startups
strategy and planning
stress management
success
sustainability
swimming
team building
team sport
technology
time management
top speakers
training
travel
values / integrity
wealth creation
wellbeing
women in business
work environments
work life balance
workshops
world affairs











 



 inspire
 educate
 entertain





committed to assisting you in choosing the most suitable motivational speakers, trainer or entertainer for your conference, training seminar or special event.





we provide professional presenters based on your brief.
give us your brief and we do the hard work for you!
un-biased information and advice at your fingertips
utilise our experience and knowledge - at no extra cost











 event resources
 our blog
 contact us










































new and featured presenters



carol cooke am
travels from melbourne, vic


									a sports fanatic, workaholic, former undercover police officer ...
more






kim seeling smith
travels from townsville, qld


									kim seeling smith is a business futurist who helps organisations ...
more






shane gould
travels from launceston, tas


									nearly 30 years after her golden triumphs at the 1972 munich ...
more






sophie hampel
travels from sydney, nsw


									sophie hampel (or soph as she likes to be called) is the ...
more






craig foster
travels from sydney, nsw


									craig foster am is the 2023 nsw australian of the year, ...
more






olly bridge
travels from melbourne, vic


									olly has 25 years of health and wellbeing experience and ...
more






kym krey
travels from brisbane, qld


									 
kym krey is one of australia's most inspiring leadership ...
more






nazeem hussain
travels from melbourne, vic


									nazeem hussain has fast become one of the biggest stars ...
more






                                                 nazeem hussain has fast become one of the most in-demand tv and radio personalities in australia. he is the star and creator of the critically acclaimed tv show, ‘legally brown’, airing for two seasons on sbs in 2013 & 2014. 

the show broke ground with its boundary-pushing content, received wide spread critical acclaim and was nominated for most outstanding comedy at the 2015 logie awards.                                                  












case studies

 a speaker to cover leadership, performance, and working under pressure
 workplace health and safety qld safe work month
 find the ideal international speaker for an annual national conference
 how to inspire and engage an entire organisation?
 a warm, generous, humble and inspirational man







testimonials
the entire team at great expectation are an absolute pleasure to deal with, nothing is too much trouble! they’re professional, friendly and most importantly they take the time to listen to the clients requirements, ensuring you can rely upon them to follow through on finalising every possible detail. their follow up post event, always with a phone call, is a nice touch too. ultimate eventsmarg and the team at great expectation are always happy to help with recommendations and information. everything is very simple when it comes to the paperwork and bookings as they don’t overcomplicate things. they’re a real pleasure to work with!sparthe victorian association of state secondary principals has a long and valued relationship with great expectation speakers and trainers. great expectation always has excellent ideas about enhancing our professional learning events and their staff are wonderful to work with - always resourceful, efficient and professional.
great expectation has been able to take some of the stress out of organising our often complex events and putting back the enjoyment – their speakers are truly inspiring.victorian association of state secondary principalsit has been a pleasure to work with the team at great expectation over the years. their professionalism and reliability is second to none and i highly recommend their exceptional service.real estate institute of victoria you have a very helpful, outstanding team and it's a pleasure working with you.norwexmarg and her team at great expectation always provide exceptional service and it is always a pleasure working with them. i highly recommend their professional services for any guest speaker needs.adbri masonrywe have had the pleasure of working with marg and her team for the past 10 years and they have been second to none with their professional and refreshing approach to speaker and entertainment management.  nothing ever seems to be too much trouble whilst the creative thinking of the right presenter for the right theme or function has been a massive help in creating unforgettable events. 
very much look forward to working with you for the next 10 years and my thanks for all your help to date.hi eventsit has been a pleasure to work with the team at great expectation over the years. their professionalism and reliability is second to none and i highly recommend their exceptional service. real estate institute of queensland great expectation enable us to hear speakers at events before booking them, which is a great service as it allows you to hear for yourself before making the booking commitment.  they also continue to research for speaker solutions and provide options, even under strict restrictions such as timings, budget and location.  they really are fantastic to work with and a great partnership to have.indueour relationship with great expectation speakers & trainers spans many years and we are always impressed by their service and professionalism.  marg and her staff are extremely prompt and thorough and we have no hesitation in recommending them to other clients for entertainers, speakers and bands.corporate & leisure eventsi have worked with great expectation for the past six years and over a few different roles - i take them with me!  
in short, their service is brilliant, they not only offer advice on the best speakers for your event, they also make the process easy and straight forward, they bend over backwards to make sure they deliver what you want when you want and if there are ever any issues, they are onto it before you know about it!
this is the kind of service i appreciate when running a large scale conference and what keeps me working with marg and the team at great expectation. q-comp, brisbaneour work with marg and her team at great expectation has always been professional, with outstanding customer service.
what we appreciate most about working with the team, is their friendliness and willingness to meet our specific needs, with an amazing ability to deliver high-quality speakers for our events that are always audience specific - which makes my job so much easier.st mary’s anglican girls’ schoolour first point of call when looking for that speaker ‘with a difference’ is great expectation. the experienced team know their presenters and can recommend  a speaker for any topic. we have used great expectation for the past 8+ years and will continue to do so well into the future.leading age services queenslandpicking the right speaker for the right event is difficult and there can be a lot riding on the choice.  great expectation helps me through that process and haven’t got it wrong yet.  i think that is because they are always willing to spend the time talking about my needs and are honest about the strengths of each of the possible presenters.  i feel like they are an extension of my team, contributing to the success of each of our events.  i will keep going back!local government managers australia, queenslandsince 2007, marg and her team at great expectation have made the conference design process so easy. great expectation have a fantastic range of speakers and facilitators, some of the absolute best in their fields.
10/10 for great expectation every time!business innovation & improvement networkas the organiser for the annual strategic executive conference  i need to be fussy about who arranges our keynote speakers. these speakers are normally on the international circuit and time poor so it is the fine detail that needs to be sorted out - i use great expectation because that is exactly what i have and i get - key note speakers who are thoroughly briefed and the logistical detail taken care of. logan city council, queenslandwe have been working with great expectation for well over 10 years now – and they have never steered me wrong.  great expectation is able to give a myriad of suggestions for any brief, and i always have confidence in recommending anyone that they put forward.iceberg events, queenslandthe girls at great expectation are wonderful to deal with – friendly, helpful and always with a smile on their faces. they take the time to ensure they develop a good understanding of their client's requirements, always follow up with you and you can rely upon them to follow through on finalising every possible detail.real estate institue of victoria 
















committed to assisting you in choosing the most suitable speaker, trainer or entertainer for your conference, training seminar or special event.




useful links

about us
faq
our team 
event resources
showcases
sitemap
potential speakers
contact us




get in touch with us
great expectation speakers and trainers

brisbane
qld
4000
1300 55 64 69
  team@greatexpectation.com.au














copyright © 2025 great expectation. all rights reserved.






