






custom home builder · will steed homes · granbury · fort worth area




























































 



skip to content




























homeabout usportfolioco-construct logintestimonialsnewsprivacy policycontact ushomeabout usportfolioco-construct logintestimonialsnewsprivacy policycontact us 









loading...







a 25-year legacy 


watch the welcome home video











9 years in a row!
voted best builder 2024  



based on hood county news readers’ poll 


see what our clients are saying











stay involved with the building process online. 


click here to learn more










be inspired














homecciadmin2024-04-30t21:06:54+00:00 
welcome to will steed homes

custom home builder serving the lake granbury and fort worth areas including glen rose, aledo, cleburne, and weatherford.
with a reputation for providing homeowners with beautiful, quality homes, will steed homes is granbury’s premier custom luxury and residential home builder and remodeler. focusing on quality, details, and client satisfaction, will steed homes designs and builds dream homes for all lifestyles.
we believe in a hands-on building philosophy in which we personally guide each client through the home-building process from start to finish, giving careful consideration to the homeowner’s budget, style, and specifications. we invite you to take a look at who we are and find out what we can do for you.
learn about our history and what has shaped the success of will steed homes.
portfolio
get inspiredtestimonials
good morning! we just wanted you to know we are loving our new home! tonia brought her photographer yesterday and we were thrilled to show it off! we have really settled in and are expecting flowers and landscaping next week. our family loves it and so do we. we have been singing your praises to all that inquire about our house. thank you again for building our dream house!!
tonya and jeff mccall, granbury, txi can’t believe it’s been almost 2 years in our new home! we have enjoyed it so much. our building experience surpassed all of our expectations. you and your crew treated our project like it was your own with meticulous attention to detail. thanks for making our dream home become a reality!gregg and lezlee neel, granbury, texaswhen we decided to build a new home in westlake, there were multiple custom builders we could have considered because the area is known for having some of the finest homes in texas. wsh had built a home for a family member in granbury and they were very pleased. their integrity permeates every single aspect of their operations. we wholeheartedly encourage others to consider wsh for a custom home and come visit our home to see firsthand what you get when you partner with wsh.payton and andrea mayes, westlake, txwe love, love our new home, and we cannot begin to tell you how much we appreciate your patience in working with us. we aren’t totally moved in, but we are making progress! thanks again to all of you for making our building experience a positive one. and thank you for the fantastic organizational notebook with all of the warranties, instructional information, owner’s manuals, etc. we so appreciate that and have used it several times already. we think will steed and his staff are the very best!mark and connie martin, granbury, txwe wanted to build our dream home and we needed a builder that not only saw our vision, but also one that we could trust, someone we knew had christian ethics and could build a home that was not your “typical” house. my architect husband was going to be inspecting every detail to make sure his plans were followed to the t! will steed and his crew not only met our expectations but exceeded them! we moved into our beautiful home 6 months ago and have loved every square foot of it! anytime we have a question or need something from a contractor or will, we get our questions answered promptly or service calls made immediately. we have and will continue to recommend will steed homes to anyone!norm and salah morganbetty and i would like to compliment you and your staff on the building of our “retirement” home in pecan plantation. there aren’t enough words to describe the asset shawn cessna has been throughout the entire process. as the building supervisor he truly acted in our behalf to produce a quality built home that met our desires. shawn functioned as if he was building our home as his home. he was demanding of sub-contractors, listened and provided great input while being amenable to try new and different aspects he had never seen or performed before. in our opinion shawn is will steed homes. john and betty milburn, pecan plantation
//willsteedhomes.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/brashier-home-testimonial.m4v
read all testimonialsstay informed
at all times.
throughout the construction of your home, you’ll have access to the web-based software program called co-construct as a way to communicate between our subcontractors and to keep our clients involved in the process from start to finish. co-construct holds all of the information pertaining to selections, changes, plan details and important documents. you’ll have everything in one place.
co-construct loginlooking for the perfect property?
take a look at some available properties from will steed homes.
view properties.



available lot pictures are coming soon!
contact us to get more information.
(817) 894-7650learn more about this new community.



 
 





contact us granbury
1208 fall creek highway, suite c
granbury, texas 76049
phone: (817) 894-7650

 

get social





 

 homeowner’s login

mortgage calculator
 

 
 
 





		copyright 2022 | will steed homes  |  all rights reserved   |   site by contemporary communications, inc. 


facebookemail
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link


























































































 


go to top




