










home page for the alpine art center - weddings, receptions and events





















































































































events

pricing


gallery
tours
catering

plated meals
buffet style catering


contact us

about us
faq
alpine art center blog


 





select page


  
 



 



 










weddings, events& receptions







weddings

we want your wedding not only to be a special day but a once in a lifetime experience. with multiple indoor and outdoor ceremony locations, the possibilities are only limited by your imagination.

schedule a tour today!













private & group events

re-imagine your corporate meetings, birthday celebrations, recitals, school dances, and dinners. your guests will enjoy the breathtaking views of the nearby mountain ranges. these picturesque views combined with our lush greenery create the perfect atmosphere for any event.

pricing





catering

the alpine art center offers you a chance to experience food at its finest, without any hidden or mandatory service charges.

see our menu









the perfect place

surrounded by beautiful garden scenes, stunning water features, a gorgeous art gallery, and our very own sculpture park; we are the perfect place for you and your event.



get an estimate!

recitals weddings school dances corporate events celebrations/parties

all pricing info

download our brochure



get in touch

monday – friday:  9am -5pm mst
(801) 763-7173
450 south alpine highway suite 100 alpine, utah 84004





follow our instagram!










 follow on instagram
















{




read our reviews!


facebook reviewswedding wire reviews



 



  great venue, excellent staff, beautiful gardens all around. i will use them over and over again.				
  eddy edensoctober 7, 2019 




i take my hat off to alpine art center.  they were absolutely awesome!  they took away so much of our stress and anxiety. they are very professional and were on top of everything in a timely manner.   we really enjoyed getting to know them.  they helped put our kids at ease.  
i could go on and on about the successful day but i will leave it to highly reccomending them and letting you know other guests at our event have said they will use them as well.
thank you so much! 
doug and heidi mayfield				
  doug mayfieldapril 25, 2017 




the alpine art center is a classic venue for a wedding or any event. steve and carol are both wonderful to work with and they are so dedicated to the success of your event!!!!				
  irene bozichdecember 1, 2015 






thank you so much!  we had our daughter’s wedding here on october 25th and your staff was so amazing and helpful!  i highly recommend!				
  mandy tayloroctober 28, 2017 




  great venue for catering special occasions.  art gallery is amazing and open to guests.  wonderful food and cost is much more affordable than you would suspect for the location and elegant surroundings.  we've used them several times and have never been disappointed.				
  julie hansenfebruary 12, 2019 




loved this place!!! i'll recomend it to my friends definatelly!				
  gigi fernandezmay 17, 2015 













        read view reviews: in  
















copy the code and use when you book to get your discount!












vouchers



 


















 











































