



























the leading luxury hospitality experience on mykonos - myconian collection hotels & resorts








































































 




menumenumyconian collectionhotels & villas





elia beachavatonimperialpanoptisroyalutopiavilla collection 


mykonos towndeoskoralikymanaia 


ornos beachkovemyconian o 


platis gialosambassador 


agrari beachsunrise 
 

discover





our islandbarsbeachespoolsrestaurantsvip transportspayoga, pilates & fitnessgift cards 
 

our storyweddings & events





weddings & honeymoonsconferences & retreatscelebrations 
 

magazine 










					the leading luxury hospitality experience on mykonos - myconian collection hotels & resorts				







book online






check in






check out







room

1 room
2 rooms
3 rooms
4 rooms
5 rooms
6 rooms
7 rooms
8 rooms
9 rooms



guests

1 guest
2 guests
3 guests
4 guests
5 guests
6 guests
7 guests
8 guests
9 guests



select hotel

all hotels & villas
avaton
ambassador
deos
imperial
korali
kove
kyma
naia
o
panoptis escape
royal
sunrise
utopia
villa collection






hotel only



hotel & flight




view rates




learn more about our members' club.


myconian collection
hotels & villas

avaton
ambassador
imperial
korali
kyma
naia
deos
panoptis
royal
utopia
villa collection
elia beach
mykonos town
platis gialos
ornos beach
kove
myconian o
agrari beach
sunrise


discover

our island
bars
beaches
pools
restaurants
vip transport
spa
yoga, pilates & fitness
gift cards


our story
weddings & events

weddings & honeymoons
conferences & retreats
celebrations


magazine
language



en


de


fr


pt


follow us


















local information 
17:09

proud members of 












 


































the leading luxury hospitality experience on mykonos 
we are a family-owned group of ten leading luxury hotels on mykonos, including three relais & châteaux, two leading hotels of the world, two design hotels, two preferred hotels & resorts and a small luxury hotels of the world.
the myconian collection, a testament to the captivating allure of myconian charm and beauty, has been curated by the daktylides family since its inception in 1979. founded by george and elefteria daktylides, the hotels are now passionately run by their four sons – panos, markos, vangelis, and marios. in the heart of this legacy, where hospitality meets the essence of mykonos, lies a commitment to crafting an unparalleled experience for travelers worldwide. as a true embodiment of the myconian spirit, we, the myconian family, take pride in extending a heartfelt welcome, ensuring every stay resonates deeply with the island’s unique charm.
we offer discerning guests a choice of the most spectacular locations and spacious design interiors. our gourmet restaurants, state-of-the-art thalasso spa centers, and superb terrace bars set the stage for unbeatable vacations, exceptional events, and the most glamorous weddings in the mediterranean. we are also internationally renowned for our supreme service standards born from family values and refined over decades at the forefront of the island’s hotelier elite.
yet while consistent excellence runs through our superb spas, gourmet restaurants, outstanding conference facilities and glamorous wedding venues, each one of our hotels retains its own distinctive personality, a diverse range of accommodations, entertainment options and rates.













the myconian collection has it all











weddings & events


we enjoy a superlative record and reputation for planning and producing extraordinary events. from idyllic weddings, christenings and family reunions, to exclusive executive retreats, vip events or extravagant product launches ...













restaurants


as a guest of the myconian collection, you are at liberty to choose from any of our finest restaurants. just ask your concierge to make a reservation at any of ...













bars


take your pick from our nine famous bars that have pride of place on spectacular decks with incomparable views of the aegean or mykonos town, they are a glamorous party ...













spa


add to the restorative benefits of the aegean’s ionized sea air, saltwater and sun by taking your well-being to the next level at our spas, where therapeutic pools, steam rooms, ...













pools


cool pools are at the centre of summer rhythms, and between our nine hotels we have the unquestionable monopoly on the greatest laps of luxury – saltwater infinity pools set ...













beaches


crystal blue waters and peerless fine sand shores are part of mykonos’ charm, along with the meltemi, the dry north wind of the aegean. find your place in the sun ...













yoga, pilates, fitness & wellness


our world-class fitness and wellness offering includes gym rooms, equipment-supported pilates instruction, yoga and wellness coaching, all supported by highly qualified professionals available for private sessions.













vip transport


shaped around the ideal of greek hospitality, our dedicated guests service team places the world at your fingertips, and we are experts in getting you from here to anywhere in ...













our island


mykonos has retained a wild, natural beauty while evolving into one of the most glamorous 21st-century destinations of choice. jet-setters and sophisticated connoisseurs of the aegean migrate from all corners ...







 stay social at #myconiancollection





as you gaze at the boats dancing on the horizon, l






across our collection’s restaurants, we apprecia
 





following our collection’s core values, minimali
 





one of the moments we already look forward to is s



 





 









 

 

affiliations
media kit
careers
privacy policy
 




leave this field empty if you're human:  







		                2025 © all rights reserved. myconian collection
                    





we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies.read our policycookie settingsacceptmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement1 yearthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "advertisement".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".phpsessidsessionthis cookie is native to php applications. the cookie is used to store and identify a users' unique session id for the purpose of managing user session on the website. the cookie is a session cookies and is deleted when all the browser windows are closed.viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data._grecaptcha5 months 27 daysthis cookie is set by google. in addition to certain standard google cookies, recaptcha sets a necessary cookie (_grecaptcha) when executed for the purpose of providing its risk analysis. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
cookiedurationdescription_dc_gtm_ua-21159829-11 minutethis cookie is set by google tag manager and it is used for google analytics scripts._ga2 yearsthis cookie is installed by google analytics. the cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. the cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors._gcl_au3 monthsthis cookie is used by google analytics to understand user interaction with the website._gid1 daythis cookie is installed by google analytics. the cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. the data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visted in an anonymous form._uetsid1 daythis cookies are used to collect analytical information about how visitors use the website. this information is used to compile report and improve site. 






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
cookiedurationdescriptionfr3 monthsthe cookie is set by facebook to show relevant advertisments to the users and measure and improve the advertisements. the cookie also tracks the behavior of the user across the web on sites that have facebook pixel or facebook social plugin.muid1 year 24 daysused by microsoft as a unique identifier. the cookie is set by embedded microsoft scripts. the purpose of this cookie is to synchronize the id across many different microsoft domains to enable user tracking.test_cookie15 minutesthis cookie is set by doubleclick.net. the purpose of the cookie is to determine if the user's browser supports cookies._fbp3 monthsthis cookie is set by facebook to deliver advertisement when they are on facebook or a digital platform powered by facebook advertising after visiting this website._ga_ggdjpxjr802 yearsthis cookie is used by google analytics to understand user interaction with the website._pin_unauth1 yearthis cookie is set by pinterest to understand user interaction with the website._uetvid16 days 6 hoursthis cookies is used by microsoft bing ads to understand user interaction with the website. 






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept


powered by 
















			x			
















































