





new paltz youth program












































new paltz youth program







homeservicestutoring programnpyp counselingrules









offering year-round educational, recreational and social opportunities for new paltz middle school and high school students since 1989. we are committed to helping teenagers achieve their goals.

new paltz youth center 

hours: monday-friday 2-7pm
phone: 845-255-5140
address: 220 main street, new paltz, ny
email: newpaltzyp@gmail.com




our fully trained staff includes a full time licensed social worker, mental health counselors, certified teachers, plus graduate and undergraduate college students from fordham, utica, suny duchess, marist and suny new paltz human services and psychology departments, assist with activities and supervision. 6th grade students are required to stay at the center until they leave for the day. 7th-12th grade students are free to come and go, unless a parent stipulates otherwise.



upcoming events


wednesday family frisbee at duzine from 5-7pm
friday night basketball: first friday of every month at duzine elementary
dungeons and dragons takes place at the youth center on saturdays in january from 12-3. call the center- 255-5140- to sign up




daily events

mohonk mondays – every monday at 3pm, we head up to mohonk mountain house to feed the fish, hike (if weather permits), and collect a food donation to bring back to the center courtesy of mohonk!
taco tuesdays – (well, burritos) meat and veggie options
waffle wednesdays – every wednesday at 3pm – homemade belgian waffles made with the kids with tons of their favorite toppings!
empanada thursdays– made from scratch with the kids
bbq fridays 330pm – always our busiest day of the week! burgers (meat and veggie) and hot dogs.  karaoke  at 330 with wilkin.




c.a.f.e.
cafeteria alternative for everyone. excited to announce that that we are  once again doing the cafe at the high school after a three year covid hiatus. we will be offering not only a comfortable, fun alternative to the cafeteria during lunch periods (think youth center at the high school), but also a supervised outdoor recreation time.





9,322
in 2024, the youth center had a total of 9,322 sign ins, serving almost 622 different kids.



1,329
we tutored in 1,329 classrooms at the middle school. we provide more tutoring to the school district than any other community program in new york state!



289,326
the youth center has had a total of 289,326 total sign ins since january of 1996.








facebook






