








	foxfire lanes | kannapolis, nc 28083




























search


×





search













menu

basic infoabout ushours & priceshomeschool fridaysdirectionsespañolpro shopfriday & saturday light & sound showspro shopnewspartiesgroupsbundlescompany partiesafter hours lock-insbook nowleaguesleague standingscurrent leaguestournamentsnow hiring!contactjoin email club






















































































































join our email club for special offers and discounts!
sign up today








eat. drink. bowl.
come see why foxfire lanes is the best place in town for all of your entertainment needs. watch sports, eat, drink, and bowl!






leagues & tournaments


hours & prices


specials & bundles







bowling fun for everyone!





parties




groups



company parties




after hours lock-ins













our location




need directions? here is our address



225 security st,kannapolis, nc 28083
704-932-0146
get directions toour location here!





hours of operation




hours



sunday 1pm-10pm (limited lanes due to league 6pm-10pm)
monday 11am-10pm (limited lanes due to tournament 6:30pm-10pm.)
tuesday 9am - 10pm (limited lanes due to league 6:30pm-8:30)
wednesday 11am-10pm (no lanes due to rookie lg and bowl better class 6:15-8:30)
thursday 11 am-10pm (no lanes due to league 6pm - 8:45pm)
friday 9 am-12 am
saturday 9 am-12 am





foxfire lanes




notices



it is our intention to be open our posted hours, however; due to economic reasons we reserve the right to close as early as one hour before post if no bowlers are present. we recommend that you call to check on business if you plan on arriving after that time. we will also stay open later than our posted hours if business volume dictates.














free bowling for good students!
bring your current report card to foxfire lanes. you will receive a punch card good for one free game of bowling, for each "a" listed. see details and exclusions at the bottom of the
                  page...

view details now







                in real life you make decisions. you decide whether to work or play. as you mature, you realize that you can do both, but that you need to balance how much of each is best for you. you come to the realization that if you work for what
                you want, you not only get to play the way you wish, you get the satisfaction of a job well done. 
                this page, and promotion is dedicated to the young people that strive for that maturity, and have realized that working at school is the best way to strike that balance.
                for schools that use numerical, or other systems of grading, the equivalent (highest) grade will be used. 
                there is no age restriction on this promotion. 
                one free game per person, per visit may be used. 
                shoe rental is not included. bowlers without personal bowling shoes must rent shoes to bowl. there is no cost or obligation associated with the free games.
              

homeschool fridays







































contact us
feel free to contact us at anytime.





(704) 932-0146.






send us a message






get directions















get social

like us on facebook 

















quick links

hours & prices
español
leagues
parties
contact us











terms of useprivacy statementcopyright 2025 by foxfire lanes



back to top












