


guitar chords magic | free guitar chords | guitar chord charts

























bookmark this site!










guitar chord charts
guitar chord finder
guitar music theory
basic guitar chordshow to play guitar chords
bar chords
power chords
advanced guitar chords guitar song chords
guitar lessons
online lessons reviewsthe magic guitar newsletter
site map














guitar chords magic


   
 

 
welcome to guitar chords magic, your free guide to guitar chords.
you probably figured it out already, this web site is all about how to play guitar chords. the online guitar lessons here are aimed at beginning to intermediate guitar players and advanced guitarists who want to know a little more about guitar music theory. all guitar instruction at this site is completely free!
guitar chords are one of the most important aspects of guitar playing. it doesn't matter if you play acoustic guitar or electric guitar, rock, folk, jazz or classic, you need to have a thorough understanding about chords. 
imagine today you can't play a single guitar chord -- once you finished all the online guitar lessons on this site you know all guitar chords you need to know and what's more, you'll actually know what you are playing because you learned the music theory behind chords.
i can hear some people say 'bah, theory is boring', but i can assure you that a bit of guitar music theory does magic to your guitar playing. instead of memorizing a lot of guitar chord diagrams, theory gives you a shortcut. you'll know how chords are built, what makes a chord major or minor and how you can construct your own  guitar chords. learn a little bit of theory and save a lot of time and needless effort. 
there's a logical structure in this site and you'll get the most out of it if you follow the structure.  a good first place to start would be here: how to play guitar
 
guitar chord charts
print these guitar chord charts as a reference.  if you're a beginning guitarist have a look at how to read guitar chord charts. there's a basic guitar chord chart, charts for bar chords, power chords, basic jazz guitar chords, more advanced jazz chords and there's the ultimate guitar chord chart that combines these guitar chord charts in a free ebook for you to download.
  
guitar chord finder
use this guitar chord finder to learn where the chord notes are situated on  the guitar neck. you need to go through the guitar music theory tutorial first to be able to use this guitar chord finder.
 
guitar music theory
spending a little time on guitar music theory does magic to your guitar playing. you'll learn how to construct guitar chords, the terminology, how to apply the theory on your guitar and everything else you need to know about guitar chords. learn guitar the correct and easy way!
 
basic guitar chords
learn all the basic guitar chords you need to know as a beginner and start playing easy guitar songs today. this tutorial uses guitar chord pictures and diagrams.
 
guitar bar chords
i'm going to be honest with you: there is no such thing as 'guitar bar chords made easy', but this tutorial sure makes it a lot easier. 
 
guitar power chords
everything you need to know about playing guitar power chords. 
 
advanced guitar chords
widen your sound and learn some jazz guitar chords. 
 
guitar song chords
the guitar song chords page is where you'll find guitar tabs, chords and lyrics of songs that are interesting to play on the guitar. instead of just giving you the chords, lyrics and notes like most guitar tab sites, i also give you the tips & tricks needed to learn how to play your favorite guitar music.
 
other guitar lessons
on this page you'll find guitar lessons that don't fit in the other categories, like how to tune and string a guitar, drop d tuning and more. 
i wish you a lot of fun exploring guitar chords magic and i hope i succeeded in helping you to learn to play the guitar!
 
warm regards,
 
 
copyright © 2010 guitar chords magic - privacy policy/disclosure -











