









home - sandwich park district
































































1001 n. latham st., sandwich, il 60548









home
parks

community ice rink
facility rental

david a. francis center multipurpose room


troeger dog park
about park foundation
tree memorials
ernest memorial park
harvey creek

harvey creek bee hives


henderson park
james knights park
memorial park
milestone park
skate park
splash park
patriot’s park
veterans park
westfield park
ordinances


sponsors

advertising


programs

preschool


events

freedom days 2024


about us

meet sandy
agendas & minutes
commissioners
elections
employment
financials
foia request
staff
registration
rfp’s
letter from the director
public notice
spd videos


partners

kishwaukee s.r.a
sandwich area chamber


contact / hours

spd gallery






















winter/spring guide 



(click image to view guide)





 registration - view online catalog & register 





learn more 









sponsorship opportunities



meet park district staff             



contact park district



employment opportunities 



letter from the director    







 softball season is fast approaching . . . 





as softball season is fast approaching, we have two classes coming up that will allow players to refine their abilities before the season begins. be sure to register for these classes before their deadline in early february.
you can register using the links below.
fundamentals:  click here to view more
pitching clinic: click here to view more 




















volunteer opportunities to help support the park district
get involved volunteer opportunities
volunteers are essential to the success of many of our programs, special events and our beautiful parks.
the volunteer program enables the park district to offer a high level of quality programming while minimizing staff costs.







registration is closed for the daddy/daughter dance!



click here to register 








indoor garage sale

  march 1, 2025 / 9:00am - 2:00pm  register by february 14, 2025  if you have items that you would like to sell, but are limited on space, this is the answer. sellers must stay the entire time of the sale, and are responsible for their own table, set up, cash box, tear down, and clean up including taking home empty boxes. sellers will be permitted to set up at 7:30am and must be ready by 9:00am; late vendors will forfeit their space andfee. all “treasures” must be on the designated table...








click here to register 







register by februry 21, 2025,  held saturday march 15th 3-5pm. location: idle hours lane.  if you would like to register for this event or have any questions give us a call at (815)786-8044.




mother & son bowling
we are happy to announce that mother & son bowling is returning to sandwich! mothers grab your special little guys and bring them out for an afternoon of bowling  and fun at the bowling alley.  fees are per people.
two games of bowling, shoes, ball, pizza, soda, prizes, music and fun all included!
 










did you know?



we have a little free library at the shelter in knights park. feel free to take a book, return the book, or donate a book. there are books for all ages, and all genres.
special thank you to girl scout troop 607 for creating this awesome community function.














letter from the director:









hello friends,
winter is officially here whether we like it or not. even though the weather outside can be brutal, we still have some fun things instore for you! throughout this guide you will find programs that fit your needs whether you would like to be outside or inside this season. even as the snow flies, the parks in your neighborhood will still be open. for those of you that like to walk and keep active all year round, harvey creek and milestone park have walking trails that make a fun and relaxing winter walk. don’t forget to visit the ice rink located at knights park. we are happy to once again partner with the city of sandwich to bring back the ice rink to our community. the rink is located at knight park and is open to the public when weather permits.
read more










james knights park is one of our most popular parks in the sandwich park district system. this five-acre park is located in the northeast section of the city of sandwich and has recreational opportunities for all ages. includes two playground areas which features equipment appropriate for ages toddler through 12 years.





the sandwich park district has 12 parks and locations that allow you to enjoy the great outdoors!

imagine yourself enjoying a crisp fall day listening to the sounds of nature at harvey creek conservation area located at 1025 lions rd, sandwich, il 60548







did you know we have canoe / kayak rentals? weather permitting.
for more information give us a call at 815-786-8044
















donate to the dog park!!



view / print dog park regulations 

resident registration 

non-resident registration 







get involved volunteer opportunities

spring egg hunt 
daddy daughter dance
mother son bowling 
 
email interest to: sandwichparkdistrict@comcast.net



adopt a park

are you or is your group interested in
“adopting a park”?
please contact us at
815-786-8044 for more details!
 
 



board commissioner opportunity

innovative leadership starts with our community elected, seven member board of commissioners …

meet our commissioners
















 
 
about us: 

board of commissioners
meeting agendas & minutes 
elections
financials
foia request 
park district staff 
rfp's 
public notices 

 
 
 



 
sandwich park district 
1001 latham street , sandwich, il 60548
815.786.8044 office  815.786.6690 fax
contact us 
copyright © 2024. all rights reserved.
 





view our sponsors 



view our staff 

click here for online registration



 








 








facebook







twitter







email







more networks








































share via

 




 

facebook



 

x (twitter)



 

linkedin



 

mix



 

email



 

print



 

copy link



powered by social snap






copy link

 




copycopied
 
powered by social snap





