








homestead schools inc – online educational courses
























































skip to content




























homestead schools inc.


















homesteadschools@socal.rr.com 










(310) 791-9975, (800) 253-0088 































menu 
home
our mission
about us
accreditations
testimonials
our founder
privacy
order courses
course links
contact us
authors wanted

























 
















ce courses for health-care professionals















nurses















dentists















social worker















psychologist














click on your health professions or on the icon shown below to see the variety of courses available. select the one that fits
your need, order either online or the book version, complete the test online or on paper, and receive a certificate of
competition. it’s that simple!
note: ce courses are not accredited by abhes.




















nursing






















nursing home administrator






















dentistry
























social worker






















counselor






















marriage & family therapy
























psychology

































 nursing ce contact hours (ceus)
















over 125 exciting home study courses for nurses! great variety, low prices!
special sale! best prices ever! 30 contact hours for  as little as $39.95!



super buy! buy one course at regular price, second course at half-price. share the course with a friend or colleague. one book but two exams and two certificates. first person pays regular price, second person pays only half the price. for example, buy strengthening the immune system or weight management @ $39.95, second person pays only $19.95; average cost $29.95!calif rns and lvns: provider approved by california board of registered nursing, provider no. cep 9515 for the stated contact hours.homestead schools, inc. is accredited as a provider of continuing nursing education by the american nurses credentialing center's commission on accreditation."homestead courses are always informative and interesting""i want to thank you. you're a pleasure to work with.""i've never given any homestudy course an execellent rating until now.""homestead courses are always informative and interesting""i'll definitely use homestead schools for all my future ce.""i am writing to thank you for resending my order. your staff worked with me and yesterday i received my textbook and test. your staff was very considerate and very professional. i commend those who work for you and who help those of us to continue our education in nursing. i have taken my ceu courses from homestead schools and have kept every single textbook to refer to when needed. your courses are up-to-date, well written, and full of the dynamic changes occurring in nursing. "s.s.,lvn,tex."today, i had the occasion to speak with jill regarding a course i had taken and was nervously waiting the mail for my return certificate. beacuse of my poor planning i needed to get my result that day and she was so helpful in making that happen. thank you jill for your patience and professional attitude. i will tell others of homestead schools, inc." terry s., redding,calif."as always your courses are great! i've used homestead for the past 8 years and i'm always satisfied with the materials. thanks!!! " i.m. long beach,calif."jennifer,thank you very much for your thoughtfulness and assistance. i am home ill today, and your help made it possible for me to get some rest.the help you gave me goes beyond what is required, and i appreciate that immensely. i will continue to take my ceu courses from your institution. thanks again." b.g. 









 



 continuing education courses for dental personnel!
















over 130 exciting ce courses! most available online.
save valuable time and money! study at home!































the leader in dental continuing education now you can select from a wide assortment of c.e. courses. you study at your own pace at your convenience. avoid the inconvenience and cost of meetings and seminars.









"good program/course. nice to do it on the internet and in a timely manner." phillip (dds)
"i couldn't have asked for quicker results. thanks for the instant continuing education credits!" c.s., (dh)
"this course helped me better evaluate how i manage pain."
"course had new information. very useful in private practice. please keep the courses coming."
"excellent course. logically organized, comprehensive and enjoyable format."
"what a great review of local anesthetic information."
"this material was not only very informative, but will also be valuable reference material to use in the future."
"very good. i used the material to help my staff know that emergencies can happen."
"i enjoyed the course and found it very informative. i was able to dispel some fears and clarify some misconceptions in our office."
"thanks, vijay. you're right, i didn't read the whole article, just scanned through the biography. i've taken your courses before, and always found them to be top quality." dr. g









 



 continuing education courses for social workers, counselors and marriage family therapists




















as of january 1, 2015 the california board of behavioral sciences does not renew continuing education provider approvals. however, any provider that is approved by one of the following agencies is recognized to provide continuing education courses in california:
association of social work boards (aswb)
national board for certified counselors (nbcc)
american psychological association (apa)
homestead schools, inc. is a recognized provider by all of the above agencies.
florida board of clinical social work, marriage and family therapy and mental health counseling provider number bap 613, expiring on 03/15/2017. note: mandatory courses: medical errors - 2 hours; ethics - 3 hours; domestic violence - 2 hours every third biennium. florida requires 16 clock hours of didactic and interactional instruction in supervisory training. ohio counselor and social worker board provider no. rcx120005 and rsx120007. valid through 05/2019. (in ohio, 15 hours through home study.) illinois social worker continuing education sponsor. license no. 159-000824. expires: 11/30/2017. pennsylvania state board of social workers, marriage & family therapists & professional counselors now accepts all of our courses for continuing education. pennsylvania recognizes our approvals from aswb, nasw, nbcc, and apa for this purpose. homestead schools, inc., provider #1070, is approved as a provider for social work continuing education by the association of social work boards (aswb) www.aswb.com. social workers should contact their regulatory board to determine course approval. approved continuing education (ace) program. approval period 4/2/2014 - 4/2/2017. homestead schools, inc. maintains responsibility for the program. many of our courses are approved by the national association of social workers (nasw provider no. 886385554). social workers will receive stated continuing education clock hours in participating in these courses. look for these courses marked with nasw. participants are responsible to make sure that these courses meet their state's ce requirements. homestead schools, inc. has been approved by nbcc as an approved continuing education provider, acep no. 6117, expiration date: 4/30/2018.  programs that do not qualify for nbcc credit are clearly identified.  homestead schools, inc. is solely responsible for all aspects of the program. homestead schools, inc. is approved by the national association of alcohol and drug abuse counselors (naadac) to offer continuing education for substance abuse counselors. provider no. 88262 and expires on 09/01/2018. homestead schools, inc. is approved as a continuing education provider by the california consortium of addiction programs and professionals (ccapp). provider no. 2s-07-238-0209. approval period 8/30/2016-8/30/2018.




























homestead schools, inc., provider #1070, is approved as a provider for social work continuing education by the association of social work boards (aswb) www.aswb.org, phone: 1-800-225-6880, through the approved continuing education (ace) program.









these 32 social work regulatory boards currently recognize ace approval: alaska, alberta, canada; arizona, connecticut, district of columbia, florida, georgia, indiana, iowa, kentucky, maryland, massachusetts, mississippi, montana, new jersey, new mexico, north carolina, north dakota, oregon, rhode island, south carolina, south dakota, tennessee, texas, vermont, virginia, virgin islands, washington, wisconsin, wyoming
"this was the first time i used the homestead course and was very pleased with the information it provided and sparing me the time to attend different classes for ceus. thanks." r.g., el paso, tx
"thank you for being there. it is not always possible for me to travel to the city for seminars and/or workshops to earn my ceus." w.s., palestine, (dh)
"dear sir: i want you to know you have some exceptional employees, michele and toni. they were both very calm, and had a patient manner. they were a great help to me when my frustration was at an all-time high. their knowledge of the software, classes and books your company provides, and michele's remarkable problem-solving are rare indeed. if the quality of an office's employees is an indication of future success, then homestead schools, inc. has a very bright future." david m., denver, nc









 




























our most popular nursing ce courses






















































































































































































































































































 






















keep up!



stay up-to-date with our upcoming events! follow us online or subscribe to our mailing list for more info! 









contact us




name*email*



 





























site links







homeour missionabout usaccreditationstestimonialsour founderprivacyorder coursescourse linkscontact usauthors wanted









get in touch!










(310) 791-9975 










(800) 253-0088











23800 hawthorne blvd. #200torrance, ca 90505 










call to action










homesteadschools@socal.rr.com 










mon - fri: 9:00 am to 5:00 pm 































© 2023 homestead schools inc. all rights reserved.



















 
scroll to top













