

rathburn home page
























picture albums


passport stamps


joe vs. the vespa


the rowing pages


our lotus elise


beagle-palooza


links








 


maintained by:doug rathburnerynn rathburn


 


doug's other web sites:
oarspotter
spartan alumni
university rowing


 




 
 



site created:12/12/2002


site last updated:1/7/2024



 
 


use the following link to help case crew by shopping at amazon:





 
	 
	




 






welcome to the home page of doug and erynn rathburn!







« click on the logo to access the rathburn photo gallery!
the database that runs the photo gallery crashed and i had to re-install it.  i am slowly making all of the updates and
	fixing the links, album thumbnails and cross references. but it still needs work.
for a direct link to the album with the kids click here.





december 2019: we flew to brazil for a packed, short weekend to visit foz do iguaçu.  we spent our first day on the argentine side then the
next on the brazilian side.  we crammed a lot into a couple days, but it was a ton of fun.  check out the pics!


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




september 2019: we headed to austria for the 2019 world rowing championships in linz-ottensheim. as is typical with us,
it was basically a long weekend.  we spend the few days there visiting various sites in upper austria, watched some rowing, and
met up with a couple friends.  it was a nice, relaxing trip.  enjoy the trip diary!


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




september 2018: we headed to bulgaria for the 2018 world rowing championships in plovidiv. it was a super short trip with
one day in the capital sofia and two days in and around plovdiv where the rowing event was.  the country was beautiful, the people
friendly, food great and awesome value for money.  highly recommended.


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




september 2017: we headed to bradenton, florida for the 2017 world rowing championships. we took the whole family including
doug's parents and had a great time on the beach enjoying the great weather.  doug's grandpa used to live in the area so it was 
also nice strolling down memory lane of previous visits.  the kids loved the beach and the new rowing venue at nathan benderson
park is outstanding.


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




december 2016: we took a short 2-day city break to vancouver, bristish columbia right after christmas.  we left the kids
with the grandparents and did a casual walking tour of the city center one day then connected with a fly fishing guide the
next day. the fishing guide drove us about an hour north to the cheakamus river near squamish, and what the trip lacked in terms
of fish surely made up for it with the scenery.


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




august 2016: we went on holiday in the netherlands and to watch the world rowing championships in rotterdam.
we visited a number of small towns around rotterdam and also in the north. we saw a lot of canals, wooden shoes, cheese, 
windmills, bridges, and ate a lot of dutch meat balls.


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




june 2014: we headed to southern france to the provence region for some relaxation and to tour the lavender and olive fields.
our good friend tanja joined us and she is now fully aware that she doesn't want kids.  the house we rented was pretty amazing and
we spent about half of the time just hanging out.  if we managed to get up and out of the house we visited some cool little towns
and the smell of lavender hung in the air almost everywhere!


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




may 2014: we headed to berlin for a long weekend city break.  we hit the main sites and generally enjoyed the city
and managing the kids was ok.  we did a lot of walking around and not much going into places.  the weather cooperated
and we had a great time.  berlin was out "last" major european city we wanted to hit before moving back.  it had been on 
our list for awhile and it didn't disappoint.  on the drive back home we also stopped in leipzig for a few hours.


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




april 2014: we headed to rome for a long weekend with the kids.  we had been there for a few hours 
way back in 2001 and had been on our "re-do" list for some time.
the weather was beautiful and the kiddos were mostly behaved, which made for a nice trip.  we got to see many of the normal
highlights so check out our trip diary below.


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




dec/jan 2013-14: erynn and i took the kids on an adventure of a lifetime.  for 10 days over new years we travelled to
israel and then onto athens.  in israel we stayed a few days in jerusalem before heading up the sea of galilee area for a couple
more days.  from tel aviv we flew into athens for a long weekend where we saw the marbles, as our host costas liked to say.
it's just too bad the kids won't remember any of it.


for a travel log of the trip to israel please click here.
for a travel log of the trip to athens please click here.




december 2013: we left greta with the grandparents who were visiting us in germany and drove to bolesławiec, poland
with our friend sabine for some pottery shopping.  it was a bit of a whirlwind trip, but the girls were able to buy a bunch
of stuff and doug walked around the city center snapping some photos.  the town is famous for pottery and caters to 
german and american tourists, and it was about a five and a half hour drive for us from mannheim.  we stayed overnight in a great
b&b and generally had a nice weekend.  check it out for yourself!


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




september 2013: doug and his buddy dan went to south korea for a week.  as part of the trip they went to the 2013
world rowing championships in chungju and then onto suwon, jeju, the dmz & seoul.  during their time on the island of jeju
they hiked up mt. hallasan.


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




november 2, 2013: jensen braun "jb" blessed us with his presence at 12:36pm at the diakoniekrankenhaus 
(diakonie hospital) in mannheim, germany.  he weighed 3.05kg (6lb 11oz) and was 52cm (20.5 in) long.


for all of the photos as we upload them please click here.


thank you for all of the well wishes.  mother and baby (and maybe greta) are doing great!




august 2013: we headed to the island of crete in greece for a long weekend beach holiday.  we relaxed for a few days at
a beautiful resort.  then on our last day we rented a car and drove to a couple places on the island including
the palace at knossos and the seaside town of rethymno.  erynn even wrote the travel blog so check it out!


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




june 2013: the rathburns headed to venice for a long weekend that also included a day trip to the
tiny country of san marino.  we enjoyed some beautiful weather and great food.  if you haven't been to venice
you should put it on your list!


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




may 2013: we spent eight days in russia split between st. petersburg and moscow.  we had a good time in both
places, but we much prefered st. petersburg.  there was so much to see, and it was easy, convenient and comfortable getting around.
but if you go to russia you need to at least visit moscow.


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




january 2013: the rathburns headed marrakech for their first-ever adventure in africa.  the vacation spanned
the new year's holiday for a total of six days.  three of which were spent bedridden with flu like symptons.  three
days was apparently enough to see all that the town had to offer with nothing really left in the guidebook to see.


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




novemebr 2012: doug raced in the silverskiff regatta in turin (torino), italy so we made a long weekend of it.
we stayed in a nice b&b outside of the city and visited a few small towns in the piedmont region of northern
italy.


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




may 2012: erynn's little brother caleb came to stay with us in germany.  he's fluent in portuguese so we took the opportunity for
a short weekend break in lisbon.  the weather was fantastic and we really enjoyed ourselves walking around the city for a couple days.


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




april 2012: erynn, greta and doug headed to western belgium for a long holiday weekend.  we hit the towns of bruges,
ghent, ypres and waregem.  we saw some amazing old buildings and a little bit of world war i history.


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




january 2012: family rathburn headed to bucharest, romania for a short weekend break in january!  are we nuts? yep, but
we had some fun anyway.  the city had a heavy snow the day before and the temperature was about -10 celsius.  we did a little
but of walking and a lot of hanging out in the hotel.


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




dec, 2011: erynn, greta & doug headed to istanbul and dubai for a 10-day adventure!  both places have been on our
list to visit for years and we hit them both in one shot.  in istanbul we stayed in the old city and visited a number of mosques
and palaces.  while in dubai we visited the older parts of town around dubai creek and shopped.  lots of shopping.  in both
places it was still a touch too cold to really enjoy everything, but we were able to do just enough and had a great time!


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




oct, 2011: erynn, greta & doug headed to amsterdam for a long weekend.  we walked around the city for a few days
taking in the sites, visiting a few museums and taking a canal boat tour!  on the way home we also stopped in the hague
to see some more dutch master paintings.  it was a fun weekend and you should check out the travel diary below.


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




aug/sept, 2011: erynn, greta & doug embarked on a driving tour of the northern adriatic, istrian peninsula,
and bits of slovenia. the purpose of the trip was to watch the world rowing championships in bled, slovenia.  we had
planned on attending the event when it was annouced in 2007.  however, as fate would have it we moved to germany
a few months before and we able to drive there and see a bunch of the area.  we also met up with our friends from
england patrick and miren for the first time since 2007, which was great!


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




july 8, 2011: erynn, greta, doug and our friend anna went for a long weekend in switzerland to watch the world rowing
cup.  along the way anna sampled burger king for the first time, we took a train up a mountain, and watched some incredible racing.
official tally for greta: 7 countries before being born, 2 after.


for a travel log of the trip please click here.




june 26, 2011: greta mae blessed us with her presence at 8:20am at the diakoniekrankenhaus 
(diakonie hospital) in mannheim, germany.  she weighed 3.27kg (7lb 3oz) and was 50cm (19.7 in) long.


for all of the photos as we upload them please click here.


thank you for all of the well wishes.  we're very lucky to have her in our life and to have friends like you.




february, 2011: erynn and i went on a short "babymoon" to grand bahama island.  we thought a quick winter holiday before the baby
was born and we moved to germany would be a good idea.


you can view our trip diary here, or you
view all of the full resolution photos here.




july, 2010: we spent a week on hilton head island with our friends joe & melissa and brian & beth.  only melissa had been to
hilton head before so it was a new experience for the rest of us.  we rented a house on the beach in the 
sea pines resort and had a great time relaxing, golfing and
eating.  erynn and i even got in some rowing at the palmetto rowing club.


you can check out more photos from the week here.




february 6, 2010: we ran the krispy kreme challenge with our friends matt & dave.
the challenge involves running 2 miles from the nc state belltower to the local krispy kreme.  the the challenge is to eat a dozen donuts and then
run back to the belltower.  the goal is to complete the challenge in less than an hour.  nearly 6,000 people took part.  glad we did it, but no need
to do it again.



runner:
finish time:
place:
ate a dozen:


matt binkley
0:56:05
980
yes


doug rathburn
1:00:01
1375
yes


dave dolin
1:04:29
1736
yes


erynn rathburn
1:00:03
637
no



complete race results in pdf format: men &
women.
you can check out more photos from the day here.




november 14, 2009: erynn and i both competed in the head of the south regatta in augusta, georgia.
this was her first ever time racing the single.  she didn't have anyone in her race so she got a gold medal!  doug was in the master 1x and took third of
six.  doug was also in the club quad that broke 17 minutes for the 5,000 meter course and took gold (only entrant).  erynn coxed a 
raleigh rowing center master women's four to a gold medal in their event with a handful of entrants.  
all in all, the day was great -- beautiful sunny weather in the 70's and four medals!


you can check out more photos from the day here.




november 8, 2009: for our wedding anniversary, erynn and i headed back to tennessee for some fly fishing. we went out with randy from 
troutfishers guide service for a day on the upper watauga river. the weather started out cool and 
the fish were biting. later in the day the weather got warmer, the sun came out and the fish were a bit tougher to catch. but we had a great 
day and randy is a great guide. erynn caught all of the photo-worthy fish -- all rainbow trout as the brownies proved elusive.


you can check out more photos from the day here.



from the stern: patty wolford (cox), doug, alan valenti, tom attenweiler, chris bowley, ian henderson, brian chorney, mike krofcheck, and nate uber


october 17, 2009: erynn & i headed to boston for the head of the charles regatta.
doug was entered in the alumni 8+ with the spartan alumni rowing association,
which is the alumni organization for case crew. the crew finished 28th out of 34 crews 
from a field of mostly east coast ivy league schools.


race results and information can be found here.




august, 2009: erynn & i relocated back to north carolina.  doug got transferred to deere's factory in fuquay-varina, nc
and erynn got her job back at duke university medical center.  we were in tennessee less than a year, but we fell in love with the
area and the people.  hopefully, we'll be back soon, but for the mean time we're back in the containment area for relocated yankees.


you can check out more photos of our new house here.




july 25, 2009: erynn & i drove to damascus, virginia to bike down the virginia creeper trail.
we rented bikes from adventure damascus and they drive you to the top of the mount rogers. 
you then set out on a leisurely ride down the mountain following the path of the old virginia creeper train. the path is a nice crushed
stone and the grade is not very steep since at one time a train had to climb the grade. damascus is a hub on the 
appalachian trail (at) with many people stopping overnight on their hike. 
the at also runs along the creeper trail for a spell. all in all, the day was very nice. we stopped for some ice cream and then 
stopped by the local fly fishing shop. we then went to abingdon, va for a craft fair. 


you can check out more photos from the day here.




july 2, 2009: our friends from england, jackie and jas, were in tennessee visiting family so we all decided to hang out at 
dollywood in pidgeon forge, tn. they brought their daughter, anika, and some cousins to 
enjoy the nice weather and fun rides. jas and doug made a b-line for the roller coasters (not great for the stomach btw) and erynn, 
jackie and the kids rode the munchkin rides. all-in-all it was a fantastic day. the next day we headed to jackie's extended 
family's lake house for some fun on the water. however, we didn't take any photos.


you can check out more photos from the day here.




june 27-29, 2009: doug's parents came down to visit, and we took his dad fly fishing three days in a row.  we hit four places over
the weekend: the south holston river tail waters, hampton creek for brook trout, doe river and did a float trip on watauga river.  on
two of the days we had randy ratliff of troutfishers guide service with us as a guide. he's a very good
guide and we used him on our trip to blowing rock, nc.


above is doug's dad landing a nice rainbow trout on the south holston.  below is the brook trout he caught in hampton creek.
it was a great weekend of fishing with him catching the trout trifecta: brook, brown and rainbow trout.
you can check out more photos from the fishing here.





june 22, 2009: i finally upgraded the center console in the elise!  it's an upgrade i've been wanting to do for quite some time.
i bought a carbon fibre center console from sector 111, which is a specialty after market supplier
for lotus cars in the us. the stock elise comes with a rather drab looking gray plastic console.  the carbon fibre certainly spruces up the
interior! the project took about 1.5 hours.
you can check out more photos of the step-by-step installation here.




june 20, 2009: erynn and i went fishing with our friend carl again, but this time we went to beaverdam creek
in the cherokee national forest.  the fishing creek runs between shady valley, tn
and damascus, va.  our first stop was at backbone rock and then after a few hours we went back route 133 toward shady valley
and fished near another bridge.  both spots provided very easy access to the creek, but didn't yield many fish.  in fact, the only
thing we caught were a couple creek chubs.  after a morning of fishing, carl took us to damascus to discuss the 
creeper trail and then onto abingdon, va before heading home.
you can check out more photos from the trip here.




june 14, 2009: erynn and i took the dogs and drove to the cumberland gap national historic park about 1.5 hours from our house.
it was a beautiful sun-shiny day so we decided to get out of the house.  the cumberland gap was an important east-west corridor from the
late 1700's to early 1800's.  we stopped off at the visitor center first then headed to the pinnacle overlook for a view of tennessee,
kentucky and virginia. the three states intersect just on the other side of the gap from the pinnacle overlook -- we decided not to hike
to the three-state monument since it was so hot and humid. really, we were just looking out for the dogs.


as we walked to the overlook, the dogs did their usual stop at every tree routine.  if you've ever met cupcake you know she
was born with a defect in her hind legs. as a result she doesn't jump much or stand on her hind legs.  as we approached
the stone wall and metal railing for the overlook, cupcake decided she wanted to have a look of her own.  she tried to jump up onto it!
erynn shrieked and gave a yank on her leash pulled her back.  i then proceeded to put buckley on the edge and erynn snapped the 
best photo of the trip (above) with the cumberland gap in the background.
you can check out more photos from the trip here.




june 7, 2009: erynn and i went fishing with our friend carl at the south holston dam in bristol, tennessee.  it was a gorgeous
day and both erynn and carl caught some trout.  above is erynn with her stocked brown trout she caught near the end of the day with a dry sulphur fly.
you can check out more photos from the trip here.




may 20, 2009: to hold erynn's new single, we built some boats rack next to our shed. her boat has the pretty orange and blue burnham cover.
you can check out more photos from the project here.




may 16, 2009: we bought a brand new peinert x25 for erynn. i've been rowing
on patrick henry lake in the warrior's path state park
for a couple months now.  but this was erynn's first outing and the first time she's had her own shell.  it was built for her size 
and weight and she picked out the periwinkle color. there's no rowing club in the area so we wade in at one of the lake's boat ramps.
i don't imagine that the locals are accustomed to rowers so we wear the hunter orange hats so people with 20 foot boats and 500hp motors
are able to see us as they scream down the lake.
you can check out more photos from her first outing here.
you can also see photos of when the boat was delivered the day before here.




may 10, 2009: doug's parents drove down to visit for a week.  we didn't have much planned and mostly just hung out. erynn
and i both had to work so during the day my folks saw the local sites and helped with some yard work.
you can check out more photos from their visit here.




april 11-12, 2009: we decided to spend the weekend in chattanooga, tennessee for easter. we had heard the town and 
area were beautiful so we decided to take a look. aside from checking out some cool restaurants and walking around town, doug
wanted to visit the local national parks and rowing club. we visited the russell cave national monument
about half an hour outside of town in alabama.  later that evening and the next day we visited the 
chickamauga and chattanooga national military park.  the photo above is from point park, which
is part of the chattanooga section of the military park on lookout mountain.
we didn't do any of the touristy stuff on the mountain because we had heard point park was the way to go, and we think they were right.
it was beautiful.


you can check out more photos from the trip here.




april 5, 2009: for erynn's birthday we took the dogs and hiked to rock creek falls
in the cherokee national forest.
the parking area for the falls is just outside of the town of erwin, tn about 20 minutes from our house. 
the hike was about 2 miles into the mountains to see the falls and was fairly stenous, but the weather was perfect and the dogs had a good time.  well worth it!


you can check out more photos from the trip here.




march 22, 2009: erynn and i broke out the hitachi power tools again to finish her 
3-compartment compost bin.
she's very excited to begin decomposing!


you can check out more photos from the project here.




march 17, 2009: the previous owners didn't take very good care of the lawn.  therefore, this gave me another excuse
to buy more stuff.  here you can see erynn pulling our new john deere 40" plug aerator.  the lawn may still be a lost cause though.


you can check out more photos here.




march 15, 2009: we came home one afternoon to find our dogs missing.
we had installed some wire fencing along the bottom edge of our back fence but they had dug underneath and escaped. this particular
fence had been installed before we moved in, and it had a small gap between the bottom edge and the ground.  since the previous
wire fence was ineffective, we decided to break out the big guns.  we bought a bunch of 1x6 boards and nailed them horizontally
along the bottom of the fence with our hitachi framing nailer.  then we used the previous wire fence along the bottom edge of the
1x6 attached with our hitachi pneumatic stapler.  we bent the wire fence in a 90 degree angle so it stuck down into the ground
another six inches and then out into the yard about six inches.  this means the dogs will now have to start digging about a foot
from the fence and dig down about a foot to escape. this required us to excavate a trench about a foot deep and a foot wide for 
nearly 125 feet. we figure that if they can get out this time then they deserve to be free.


you can check out more photos from the project here.




march 7, 2009: i replaced the old stainless steel kitchen sink with some higher end equipment.  erynn chose the 
frankusa faux granite sink with an 
insinkerator evolution excel
garbage disposal and a delta talbott style fawcett.
the new stuff fits a bit more with the house's decor and is a bit higher end.  it only took about five trips to 
lowe's to get all of the right plumbing pieces.


you can check out more photos from the project here.




february 21, 2009: erynn and i installed some lattice under our deck. the project was partly to make the deck look better, but mostly
to keep the dogs from disappearing for hours upon end and then coming back covered in clay.  i added a couple photos
to the page with our house if you'd like to see more.


you can check out more photos from the project here.




february 15, 2009: erynn and i took the dogs for a short hike to red fork falls.
the falls are located in unicoi county about 20 minutes from our house.  erynn had attempted the climb down to the bottom
a couple days before, but with two dogs it proved too difficult.  with one dog each, we made it all the way and had a great time.
it's a bit strenuous, but buckley proved to be part mountain goat.  cupcake sat down a couple times on the way back up the mountain
to let us know she wasn't too happy. some more photos of the falls can be found here.


you can check out more photos from the trip here.




february 9, 2009: a nice gentleman from the knoxville ritchie tractor delivered our new 
la135 special edition riding lawn tractor
today. if you didn't know by now, doug got a job at the factory that makes the 100 series
in greeneville, tn.  erynn was home to take delivery and the dealer showed her all of the controls and gave her a nice pink hat. we have
a little over half an acre, and this is the first time we've been able to justify a riding mower.  so of course we needed to buy the best!


you can check out more photos here.




january, 2009: pictures of our new house in jonesborough, tennessee!





thanksgiving, 2008: erynn and i headed out to salt lake city to spend thanksgiving with
her family.  her big sis had just given birth to ashton
so it was a great excuse to all get together.  on the trip we also headed to the 
hill aerospace museum in ogden, utah
and went fly fishing on the provo river. 
click here if you'd like to 
see some photos from the trip.




november 13-16, 2008: my dad, erynn and i headed to north dakota for some pheasant hunting
on a ranch owned by our friends jerod and mylynn. the highlight of the trip was hanging out with their kids.
click here if you'd like to 
see some photos from the trip.




november 1-2, 2008: erynn and i headed to western north carolina where we stayed at a resort
in blowing rock for the weekend.  while there we had an all-day fly fishing lesson on saturday then did
a little driving along the blue ridge parkway on sunday. 
click here if you'd like to 
see some photos from the trip.













october 11, 2008: the town of morrisville closes down the road in front of our house to hold a 5k every year.
erynn runs the route all the time so there was no excuse not to enter the race.  just roll out of bed and race.
can't beat that!


erynn smashed her previous 5k personal best by a couple minutes finishing in 28 minutes and 47 seconds.




september 28, 2008: i headed to columbus, ohio to hang out with some friends.  as part of the weekend,
dan, joe and myself beat up on dan's land rover defender 90 a bit.  
click here if you'd like to 
see some photos of the adventure.




july-august, 2008: i was fortunate enough to get a position at work that will allow us to stay in north carolina for at least
the next year.  summers in nc are hot and there are tons of mosquitoes.
since we'll be staying and erynn can't stand the bugs we decided to screen in our back patio. 
i don't like the heat so i just stay inside.  it's turning out to be fairly labor intensive since we're 
cutting the cedar boards then installing them.


the project is now complete. click here
for some photos.




july 15, 2008: our friends from bristol, jackie and jas, came over to the states to visit jackie's family.
along their whirlwind tour, we met up with them in asheville, north carolina for the day.  it was our first time meeting their daughter annika.
it was great to catch up with them, but all that catching up didn't leave much time to see some of the more interesting sites in town.
oh well, i guess we'll have to go back...




fur babies!!!!




june 21-22, 2008: my rowing partner, david, and i competing in the usrowing southeast regional championship
in aiken, south carolina.  the first day was in the pair and the second was in the double.  fortunately, we're faster in the pair so
we took home two gold medals on the first day in the open and masters a-b category.  the second day was a little more humbling leaving us over a 
minute behind the winning open double. as consolation, we then went on to take third in the masters double a half an hour later.  all in all, a fun weekend despite
the 90 degree, 93% humidity.




june 2008: erynn and i headed to nyc to see our friend angelo. he's moved from sf for work so we took the
opportunity to visit new york. believe it or not, but we've never been to the big apple!  our extensive travels never led us there
so we were grateful to ang for letting us crash at his place and taking us on a culinary tour of the city.  more photos to come.




apr. 2008: i had the opportunity to visit india for work and a group of us headed to the taj mahal on our off day.
view the photo album.




feb. 2008: erynn and i headed down to the riviera maya with our friends mj & christine,
mike & melissa and dave & megan. view the photo album.




nov 25 '07 erynn and i drove to my folk's house in ohio for thanksgiving and we brought the
grand puppies. here they are cuddling on the couch together and buckley with my dad.




oct 28 '07 erynn's celebrating our third place finish (i.e. dfl) in the mixed master double event
at the head of the lafayette regatta in norfolk, virginia.
this was our first race in our new pocock double and the new boat performed great.
unfortunately, it was the old folks behind the oars that slowed it down.  the weather was a bit
windy on the tideway, but we had a good time with the other club members from raleigh.




sept 7 '07 we adopted another beagle named cupcake, and she's a real sweetheart.


more updates to come...




aug 25 '07 erynn and i headed up to norfolk, virginia to race in the 
botanical garden sprints. we raced in the
mixed double and mixed four events.  erynn rowed with me in the double and coxed the four.
we traveled to the race with some friends from the 
raleigh rowing center, sue, lauren and jim.
jim and lauren finished second in the mixed double while erynn and i finished third. above
you can see erynn and lauren showing off their ribbons. in the mixed four, lauren, sue, jim and myself
took first place against three other crews!




i'm finally getting around to updating this site with our recent exploits from the last couple months.  keep checking back often.


photo albums added so far:
taliesin in spring green, wisconsin (long overdue),
our house in cary, north carolina,
memories from dubuque, iowa,
packing up the elise into a moving van,
herbert hoover nhs,
new river gorge national river











after graduating from the university of chicago graduate 
school of business in june 2005, doug got a job with john deere in iowa.
in june 2007, doug got a transfer to deere's cary, north carolina office and erynn got a job with 
duke university's hospital
as a kidney transplant coordinator.
for other sites of interest check out the links section.


© 2002-2024 doug rathburn. all rights reserved.








