






woodworking-news: plans, tools & diy resources since 1999

































questions@woodworking-news.com


contact us
privacy policy | terms of use
advertise on this site
 












ask a woodworker
woodworking classes
projects & tips
pro tips
woodworking plans
woodworking catalog
 





select page


  
 



 



 












women in woodworking

fine art in furniture: the woodworking of laura kishimoto 

it’s easy to create a false dichotomy between fine art and design, between form and function or even between art and science. but for denver-based furniture and object designer laura kishimoto, it is the intersection and overlap of these worlds that allow her to create her bold, dramatic and beautifully organic pieces.   read more
 



featured article:  random orbital sander vs sheet sander

 


our woodworking plans library

woodworking plans & videos 
looking for even more advanced techniques? our catalog of plans has hundreds of the best diy woodworking project plans from woodsmith, shopnotes and workbench magazines.

step-by-step instructions – detailed guides to improve accuracy and craftsmanship.
instant access – purchase and download high-quality woodworking insights anytime.

⭐ browse our catalog

editor’s picks  from our woodworking plans library





table saw stand
this stand is a solid yet mobile platform for a benchtop table saw.tuck it out of the way when necessary.



stow-away router table
a router table that is handy and doesn’t take up valuable shop space when it’s not in use.




featured woodworking plan

this crosscut table saw sled was featured in the woodsmith shop, episode 403: table saw jigs & accessories.
 

get the step-by-step plans to build this precision crosscut sled: here 

the lightweight sled design makes cutting large workpieces on the table saw a snap. the rock-solid fence ensures square cuts every time — with easy-to-adjust controls to make setup quick and simple. the versatile design lets you add various accessories, like a flip stop, ruler, and a box joint jig, and the adjustable, zero-clearance base means cleaner cuts with less chip-out for standard kerfs or dadoes. we’ve also included plans for building an optional fence extension to help with extra-long boards.
 


woodworking in the news

 
meet makoto imai master japanese woodworker
the seattle times · pacific northwest magazine · seattle wa
makoto (he’d prefer we call him makoto) is a true master craftsman of traditional japanese woodworking and construction. he uses no nails, no bolts, no screws — just precisely aligned, gorgeous joinery, and hand tools carrying 8,000 years of history that he brought from japan.
read more » 
 




multi-purpose safety push block


milescraft 3406 grabberpro this next-level professional push block increases user safety while operating shop tools such as table saws, band saws, jointers, and router tables all while allowing for finer, more precision cuts as thin as 1/8 inch. 







 







©   woodworking-news™ · jaess media · vicksburg, michigan · usa 
















we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you approve.ok, got itprivacy policy



