


red sock diaries













    
	red sock diaries
	
  






friday, august 24, 2007



	 
	 how the greenhouse effect works
	 
    


have you always wanted to know how the greenhouse effect works? i found this really informative website that describes the greenhouse effect and how it works. carbon dioxide emissions are a main cause of the greenhouse effect and they are increasing daily. you can teach your children about the greenhouse effect and what they can do to help at this official epa site.labels: carbon dioxide emmisions, earth, greenhouse, greenhouse effect



posted by garden guy at 11:57 am






thursday, august 23, 2007



	 
	 home building market sluggish - buyers market
	 
    


with the home building market cooling off from the last few years of progress, there is no better time than now to buy a home. low interest rates and a heavy supply of homes in inventories makes for a prime buyer's market. the definition of a buyer's market is typically when more than six months of home inventory is on hand, or in inventory. the recent rash of foreclosures has flooded the market and sellers are looking to cash out, leaving home buyers with a serious advantage. unknown to many, the upcoming fall-winter season, which many think is a regular buyer's market, is actually a very good time to sell a home. while there might not be as many buyers, there are likewise not as many homes for sale, thus driving up the sale price of the few homes that are on the market. home ownership does come with such details as making your own home repairs and landscaping, but in the long run you will be investing in something that will shelter your family in more ways than one.labels: buy a home, buyers market, foreclosure, home building, home buying



posted by garden guy at 8:12 pm






wednesday, august 22, 2007



	 
	 cleaning out the garden shed
	 
    


i finished cleaning out the garden shed a few weeks ago. and suddenly i realized, why did i throw away so much stuff just to make more room in the shed. i'm a pack-rat, i must admit. but i still shouldn't have to throw away my stuff just to find more room to add more stuff in the future. so i was thinking, why not build another shed, only this time, bigger? so i came upon some shed plans and decided on the perfect size garden shed to build right next to the "old" shed. so my future plans are to start working on the garden shed when the weather cools a little. i'll post more about the garden shed and its progress when i get started on it.labels: build a shed, garden shed, shed, shed plans, storage shed



posted by garden guy at 6:06 pm






monday, august 20, 2007



	 
	 wooden garden arbors maintenance - diy
	 
    


maintaining wooden garden arbors is essential to ensure that they stay an aesthetically pleasing entrance to your garden. most arbors for the garden today are built to be maintenance free, but if you have built or are planning to build your own garden arbor out of wood, then you need to keep in mind that wooden arbors need annual maintenance. they will need to be cleaned and stained and also treated for insect and water damage prevention. make sure that water is draining freely away from the base of the arbor and inspect occasionally for insect intrusion throughout the months of each year. the better that you maintain your garden arbor, the longer you can expect to enjoy it in your garden.labels: arbors, garden, garden arbors



posted by garden guy at 2:09 pm






saturday, may 20, 2006



	 
	 red sock diaries
	 
    


welcome to the red sock diaries! :) this is a place for my personal musings on romantic triumph and despair, popular culture, and other useless stuff. greetings friends and family. i'm at a loss for words right now. will write more soon.



posted by garden guy at 9:00 pm










favorite links

plant nursery
red dogwood
pink dogwood
usda plants database
japanese magnolia
national garden association
garden tiller
mohawk viburnum
tree catalog
shrub catalog
build an arbor
coffee grounds in the garden
how to build a greenhouse
dogwood tree

previous posts

how the greenhouse effect works
home building market sluggish - buyers market
cleaning out the garden shed
wooden garden arbors maintenance - diy
red sock diaries

archives

may 2006
august 2007


diy






 



