






anchordudes usenet reviews and faq – 10+ years of newsgroup knowledge


























skip to content


anchordudes usenet reviews and faq
10+ years of newsgroup knowledge





what is usenet / newsgroups?
best providers

best usenet providers & reviews
web-based usenet
cheap unlimited usenet
bundled usenet plans
free usenet trial accounts
usenet discounts / special coupons page


choosing a newsgroup service provider

anchordudes usenet rating philosophy
usenet provider reliability info
newsgroups & usenet server speed
usenet server newsgroup article completion and retention rates
newsgroups and usenet security and safety
usenet privacy, security and newsgroup server logs


newsgroup service providers

usenet companies and mega server cross reference
usenetserver, newshosting, and other highwinds usenet providers – review

easynews review
newshosting review
usenetserver
newsdemon review
other highwinds usenet providers


ngroups, fastusenet, and other readnews usenet providers – review

ngroups usenet review
other readnews providers


giganews newsgroup server review

giganews usenet review
supernews usenet review
other giganews providers


other usenet providers
european usenet servers
free newsgroup servers – the best way to score free usenet access


usenet basics

usenet overview
how to use usenet
usenet account types
what is a newsgroup newsreader and which should i choose?
how to use usenet nzb files
how to open and play par, rar, .001 files from usenet newsgroups


the anchordudes

about the anchordudes
sales commissions and the anchordudes’ usenet reviews policies
contact the anchordudes









what is usenet / newsgroups?


when friends ask us “what is usenet?” we usually just sigh and point them to these pages… usenet newsgroups are quite simply the oldest operating internet discussion forum platform.  right now there are well over 14,000 defined newsgroups (aka discussion forums), with about 800 that are truly active.  officially there are over 100,000 but most of those are empty or spam traps. forums are filled with lots of discussion, and the cool part is that people can attach files to discussion, so there is a ton of binary content in most of the newsgroups. (alt.binaries.*) there is a defined hierarchy to the newsgroups, and every topic under the sun is represented – from indie music to pinball repair to porn.  actually, there’s a whole lot of porn.
how to get to usenet?  it doesn’t have a “www” address so to speak – usually you need to have a usenet news reader program on your computer and subscribe to a newsgroup server.  some of the newsgroup servers have a built in newsreader so you can get to usenet with a browser without any special software, although you pay a bit more for these services.  most internet companies used to give usenet access for free, but now you have to sign up for a commercial provider.  sure, there are free newsgroup servers around, and most of the paid companies will give you a free usenet trial account, but for long term access to the good stuff, you’ll have to sign up for a monthly account.  all the major newsgroup servers are interconnected, so they all have the same discussions and posts, so it doesn’t matter which on you connect to.



special discounts and coupons (black friday, etc.)


best web based usenet plans
cheap unlimited usenet plans


free usenet trial accounts
best usenet bundle plans



we’ve been updating this faq for over 10 years now – we have lots of information pages for you to read through (see the links across the top), provider tables for you to scan, and detailed recommendations for you to consider.  there are over 50 usenet providers out there, but the truth is, nearly every one of them is running off the backbone systems run by one of three companies (with 2 or 3 minor companies holding on by the skin of their teeth).  we’ve tracked down who actually owns those 3 companies and figured out how they market their services directly.  when it’s all said and done, the prices are the same when you buy direct from the service owners, so with a few exceptions, that’s who we recommend because there are the least number of middle-men to cause system and/or billing errors.  want to read our usenet provider rating philosophy?
we also have faq’s about how to read rar, par and .001 files, how to find and use usenet search index files (i.e. nzb files), and even some information about ourselves!
click here for the detailed best usenet providers recommendation list – we go into detail about why this one over that one, etc.  we also create a huge cross reference of all the usenet companies and the backbone service they run off of.
spend some time on our site, and when people ask you “what is usenet?”, you’ll be able to knock their socks off!




leave a replyyou must be logged in to post a comment. 




usenet reviews 


usenet providers overview
web-based usenet plans
cheap unlimited usenet plans
usenet bundle plans
free usenet trial accounts

major provider  usenet  discounts 

all current specials

giganews
premier diamond service - half off first 3 months.  includes dumptruck backup and vyprvpn security for all your internet activities too!


supernews and 
usenetserver 
both have special $10 rates through the anchordudes page
black fri - cyber mon free lifetime vpn with usenetserver
 


blog posts

usenet provider announcements


 



			proudly powered by wordpress  | 
			 theme: ogee | by: phoenix web solutions 










