


hand painted furniture faux finish & tile murals @ design by diane decorative paint trompe l'oeil ceilings walls floors



































































  sorry, your browser doesn't support java(tm). 
  







    return to our bookmark page



home page



continue tohome page i




view ourhome pages





mummers ( song )








welcome to design by diane. on the following pages we have provided information links to a variety of products and services.

we offer a full suite of personalized design services for "your home or business".

we work with general contractors, remodeling specialists, interior designers,
and other individuals to provide consultation and design advice, as well as" 
magical painted effects ©" for all your design needs.


please left click on the arrow buttons at the top  of the page to continue to home pages i - v for information on our web site.


right click for copyright information.


hover the mouse cursor over the buttons for categories information.


left click on the buttons below to go to view our products and services.





please l-click on this page below to view more items available at diane's 
links page




this website is best viewed at 1024 x 768 or 800 x 600 screen resolutions at high color for best results.


you may e-mail us at.di@designbydiane.com 










about the artistsstudio and gallery



payment andorder methods



photography 
galleries








hand paintedfurniture



walls, murals, tilesfloors and carpets




oil or watercolorpaintings








view our studiolocations






news and links for the venice, englewood, northport, port charlotte arcadia florida areas. area news and links for the greater greenwich, stamford connecticut areas.

the design by diane website and it's affiliates are designed by andis maintained by designs by award . ©  2002 designs by award .this page was last updated on 








best viewed with :  


 5.5 or higher
or :   
  7.0 or higher









