






















iaa uk auction has moved – synetiq































search


help centre


basket
























homeabout ussalvage auctiongreen partssell my car
solutions for business
solutions for businesselectric and hybrid solutionsgreen partsmechanical solutionssalvage solutionssustainabilitylatest newsget in touch 
























search









looking for vehicle parts?








homeiaa uk auction has moved





iaa in the uk has moved to one salvage auction platform with synetiq
more vehicles, one platform










iaa has moved to the synetiq auction platform, giving you one convenient place to bid and buy. registered with iaa? get your free subscription with synetiq and start bidding now.


register now











questions?

all our enquiries are now dealt with online, through our quick and efficient live chat.
the team can guide you through the registration process and answer any questions you may have. you can also consult our helpful faq’s before you get started.
speak to one of our advisors who are online monday-friday, 9:00am-5.00pm. 


talk to us on live chat 











are you an iaa seller?

find out more about synetiq and access client seller portal here


iaa seller information
















here’s what you can expect from our auction platform

access to thousands of vehicles in one place
daily auctions for your convenience
quick and easy online payment through your synetiq account
no more waiting to book a collection slot, book online!

sign in or register now












already registered with iaa?

if you are a subscribed member of iaa auctions, you can register with synetiq auctions free of charge. step-by-step instructions:


learn more









synetiq salvage auction





salvage auction


salvage auction
synetiq salvage vehicle auction
salvage auction >>









register now﻿


register now﻿
register now
register now﻿ >>









green parts


green parts
synetiq green parts
green parts >>













frequently asked questions



i am an iaa buyer what happens to the time left on my membership?



you will not lose any time on your membership, the expiry date will be carried over to your new synetiq account. 




i still have time left on my iaa membership, what do i need to do to register with synetiq?



find a step by step guide on how to register here.  




i was previously registered with iaa but my account expired, what do i need to do?



									you will need to register with synetiq for a new account, which you can do here. 




i am a legacy iaa client, where can i log in?



you can access seller portal here - welcome (iaaiuk.co.uk) 




i have questions and need to speak to customer services. how do i do that?



									our live chat is available monday-friday, 8:30am-5.00pm with agents ready to assist you with your questions. this is a fast, helpful tool, built to give you the information you need.								



















terms & conditions
careers
health, safety, environment & quality
privacy policy
cookie policy
sustainability
awards and accolades
iaa family of companies












synetiq limited, bentley moor lane, adwick-le-street, doncaster, yorkshire, united kingdom, dn6 7bd
company no. 11771655
vat number 315 694 587












