



high school exchange study abroad, summer camps, language courses | nacel















































us+1 651 315 7880uk+44 20 7097 1683eu+352 263 375 370







adult programs
learn language abroad



our programs
find a program

high school abroad live with a host family or in a boarding school and go to a high school abroad for a trimester, a semester, or an academic year: apply now to one of our unforgettable high school study abroad. discover our exchange programs for international high school students!choose a language to study abroadhigh school abroad dutchnetherlandshigh school abroad englishcanadachinairelandnew zealandphilippinessouth africaunited kingdomunited stateshigh school abroad frenchfrancehigh school abroad germangermanyhigh school abroad italianitalyhigh school abroad japanesejapanhigh school abroad koreankorea (republic of)high school abroad portuguesebrazilportugalhigh school abroad spanishargentinachileecuadormexicospainhomestay immersion share the everyday life of a host family abroad thanks to our homestay immersion programs. add a school integration or intensive one-to-one language classes to your homestay experience. discover our homestay immersions for high school students and adults!choose a language to study abroadhomestay immersion dutchnetherlandshomestay immersion englishaustraliacanadachinairelandmaltanew zealandunited kingdomunited stateshomestay immersion frenchfrancehomestay immersion germangermanyhomestay immersion italianitalyhomestay immersion japanesejapanhomestay immersion portuguesebrazilportugalhomestay immersion spanishargentinachilemexicospainlanguage school book a language course in an international language school abroad: best price for value guaranteed! choose your destination, the length of your stay as well as your accommodation. design your own study program and learn a new language! 
choose a language to study abroadlanguage school englishcanadamaltaunited kingdomunited stateslanguage school frenchfrancelanguage school germangermanylanguage school italianitalylanguage school japanesejapanlanguage school modern arabicmoroccolanguage school spanishspainsummer camps international summer camps and junior language courses with activities and sports! supervised programs for teens to have a safe and fun summer abroad with other teenagers. discover our international summer camps and courses for teens abroad for high school students! choose a language to study abroadsummer camps englishcanadairelandunited kingdomsummer camps frenchbelgiumfranceswitzerlandsummer camps germangermanysummer camps italianitalysummer camps japanesejapansummer camps koreankorea (republic of)summer camps spanishspain 



learn languages
choose a language



learn english australia canada china ireland malta new zealand philippines south africa united kingdom united stateslearn spanish argentina chile ecuador mexico spainlearn dutch netherlandslearn french belgium france switzerlandlearn german germanylearn italian italylearn japanese japanlearn korean korea (republic of)learn modern arabic moroccolearn portuguese brazil portugal 





help & faqs
plan your travel

why choose usfaqsabout ustestimonialslanguage levelinternational language examsfinance your study abroad programbooking formour blogwhich study abroad program is bestpayment details 


contact uslet us help you















high school abroad, summer camps, and adult study abroad opportunities with nacel.explore the world, learn a language, and connect to cultures for a brighter future. 



explore our programs
high school abroadhomestay immersionlanguage schoolsummer camps 



choose a language
dutchenglishfrenchgermanitalianjapanesekoreanmodern arabicportuguesespanish 



country
argentinaargentinaaustraliabelgiumbrazilbrazilcanadacanadacanadacanadachilechilechinachinaecuadorfrancefrancefrancefrancegermanygermanygermanygermanyirelandirelandirelanditalyitalyitalyitalyjapanjapanjapanjapankorea (republic of)korea (republic of)maltamaltamexicomexicomorocconetherlandsnetherlandsnew zealandnew zealandphilippinesportugalportugalsouth africaspainspainspainspainswitzerlandunited kingdomunited kingdomunited kingdomunited kingdomunited statesunited statesunited states 













middle school studenthigh school studentuniversity studentprofessional - adult student 





your educational travel abroad starts here:are you eager to learn a new language?are you looking for authentic cultural experiences on your next vacation?are you looking to expand your studies and career prospects?are you ready to take advantage of the opportunities the world has to offer?throughout your study abroad journey, you can count on our support for international education, language proficiency, and intercultural skills. our goal? to enable you to become a global citizen, deeply connected to our diverse world. 





explore our programs


high school abroad
21 destinations


homestay immersion
19 destinations


language school
10 destinations


summer camps
11 destinations









high school abroad

live with a host family or in a boarding school and go to a high school abroad for a trimester, a semester, or an academic year: apply now to one of our unforgettable high school study abroad. discover our exchange programs for international high school students!

high school abroad argentinahigh school abroad brazilhigh school abroad canadahigh school abroad chilehigh school abroad chinahigh school abroad ecuadorhigh school abroad francehigh school abroad germanyhigh school abroad irelandhigh school abroad italyhigh school abroad japanhigh school abroad korea (republic of)high school abroad mexicohigh school abroad netherlandshigh school abroad new zealandhigh school abroad philippineshigh school abroad portugalhigh school abroad south africahigh school abroad spainhigh school abroad united kingdomhigh school abroad united states




homestay immersion

share the everyday life of a host family abroad thanks to our homestay immersion programs. add a school integration or intensive one-to-one language classes to your homestay experience. discover our homestay immersions for high school students and adults!

homestay immersion argentinahomestay immersion australiahomestay immersion brazilhomestay immersion canadahomestay immersion chilehomestay immersion chinahomestay immersion francehomestay immersion germanyhomestay immersion irelandhomestay immersion italyhomestay immersion japanhomestay immersion maltahomestay immersion mexicohomestay immersion netherlandshomestay immersion new zealandhomestay immersion portugalhomestay immersion spainhomestay immersion united kingdomhomestay immersion united states




language school

book a language course in an international language school abroad: best price for value guaranteed! choose your destination, the length of your stay as well as your accommodation. design your own study program and learn a new language! 


language school canadalanguage school francelanguage school germanylanguage school italylanguage school japanlanguage school maltalanguage school moroccolanguage school spainlanguage school united kingdomlanguage school united states




summer camps

international summer camps and junior language courses with activities and sports! supervised programs for teens to have a safe and fun summer abroad with other teenagers. discover our international summer camps and courses for teens abroad for high school students! 

summer camps belgiumsummer camps canadasummer camps francesummer camps germanysummer camps irelandsummer camps italysummer camps japansummer camps korea (republic of)summer camps spainsummer camps switzerlandsummer camps united kingdom




who we arenacel educational travel is an international boutique-style language travel agency. what does it mean? we offer you:selected and quality educational programs with personalized advices and attention.we are a multilingual and multicultural team as we speak french, english, spanish, portuguese, and dutch to better serve you. our team members studied and worked abroad themselves and can easily relate to you and share their experiences and expertise with you.we strongly believe that foreign language knowledge and cultural awareness are essential in today's society.
what we believe inpeople from all parts of the world are now seamlessly connected thanks to technology and travel opportunities, we strongly believe that everyone, of all ages, needs to be better prepared to interact with people from different cultural and linguistic backgrounds, both on personal and professional levels.this is why nacel educational travel offers short-term or long-term educational programs for each level and age, designed to not only guarantee:language acquisition and improvement, as well as cultural discovery;but who also help our students reach their academic or professional goals; and develop essential personal and intercultural skills.those linguistic and soft skills acquired during a study abroad program allow our students to benefit from every opportunity the world has to offer. 
what we do for youwe help our students and their parents to choose the most suitable study abroad program based on multiple criteria, taking into account our students:needs, preferences, requirements, personal objectives,academic goals,time available,educational projectand budget.we have over 20 years of experience in advising, accompanying, and supporting international students from all over the world to ensure a successful, safe, and rewarding study abroad program.to ensure the well-being and safety of our students, we aim to build long-term relationships with our educational partners based on mutual trust, quality standards, and cooperation.start now your educational travel abroad with nacel.
who you areregardless of your age, we believe that language travel is a valuable life experience for everyone. discover the ideal study abroad programs designed to fit your unique identity and aspirations. 




middle school studentas a middle school student, you have started to learn a foreign language at school and wish to improve your language skills and start discovering the world by yourself. as a parent, you wish to offer your teen an opportunity to travel abroad for a few weeks, learn a foreign language, discover a culture, and meet people from different backgrounds. safety, support, and supervision are important for you. nacel educational travel helps you make the right choice for your child. contact us so that we can listen to your needs and better advise you.discover our international summer camps and cultural homestay immersions abroad. a perfect combination of language, cultural discovery, and fun suitable for this age. discover more



high school studentas a high school student, you dream of exploring the world, learning a foreign language, increasing your study opportunities, and meeting international friends. nacel's educational travels abroad offer you to enlarge your horizons. ready to spend a few weeks, a few months, or even a year abroad? embark with us on a high school study abroad program. get personalized guidance and support for this challenging but rewarding study abroad program. available during the summer break only? meet new international friends on our summer camps abroad and forge long-lasting friendships with host families worldwide thanks to our cultural homestay immersions. discover more



university studentas a university student, you wish to improve your knowledge of a foreign language quickly and efficiently. you need to reach your academic goals and prepare for official language tests. you wish to experience the language in real-life situations, meet students from all over the world and expand your study and career opportunities. let us guide you to find the most suitable language learning program abroad. explore our language schools abroad and our one-to-one language lessons at the teacher's home.discover more



professional - adult studentas a professional or a mature adult student, you believe in life-long learning and self-development. you wish to dedicate some time to improving your language proficiency and intercultural skills while discovering new places and people. you need or wish to develop those skills for your professional and/or personal life. learn more about our private language lessons offered in many attractive destinations all over the world. learn or improve a language while living a cultural immersion thanks to our language and cultural experiences abroad. discover more

 




request a brochure








i decided to go on an exchange almost as soon as i returned from a 2 week trip to colombia with my school. i knew i wanted to go to a spanish speaking country and i was intrigued by the culture of latin america. i had many options, but the more i studied and researched each country the more clear my answer became. for me, that answer was mexico. a historically rich and culture filled country that is what many consider to be the heart of latin america, mexico was the perfect choice. now came the time to choose what part of mexico i would be doing my exchange in. i wanted to go to the heart of mexico and what better place than the capital, mexico city. i was all set, anxiously counting down to the day i left my home in kentucky and started a new life in mexico city. being one of the largest metropolitan areas in the world, i was a little overwhelmed at the size of this place when i arrived. i was warmly greeted by my new host family and my coordinator at the airport. then i was introduced to my new home and began to try to settle in. i was nervous for my 1st day of school. i had no idea what to expect. i soon realized there was nothing to be nervous about as i was made welcome by my new classmates and teachers. it seemed that everyone was eager to talk with me and get to know me so it was not hard to meet new people and make new friends. the people here have been very accepting of me as well as very kind and open. it didn’t take long for me to realize that mexico city has everything that you could need and plenty of things to do. from the historic district in el centro, to the modern city buzz of reforma, to the “town within a city” feel of coyoacan, it was all here. not to mention the delicious foods that can be found on every corner. i have no regrets about my decision to come to mexico city and have done nothing but made good memories and new friends since i arrived. i have always felt welcome and integrated into the community as if i was one of their own. i can honestly mexico city will always have a place in my life and a this experience has been something that i will not soon forget.jadoni traveled to germany to improve the language. this experience helped me to mature and most importantly to know a new culture and make friends that i hope will be for all my life. the early days were a bit hard but the welcome from my host family was so good it helped me to adapt quickly. at school my mates were always special and we even could agree to go to school by bike. i sincerely hope someday to return.jose pablo b.mailee couldn't be happier with her placement.  your team has done an exceptional job in finding the perfect family for her!  they have already emailed each other and sent videos.  now they are chatting via social media.  lots of photos!  thank you so much! mailee's mommailee 
see more testimonials









quality and price guarantee


we perform a rigorous program selection to offer you the best quality at fair, negotiated prices, with a clear presentation of what is and is not included in each package.







oustanding customer service


our experienced, multilingual advisors will help you find a program tailored to your requirements and to ensure that your trip is organized to suit individual needs.







confirmed bookings


once we receive your deposit payment, your booking is 100% secure and your place on the program is guaranteed. if nacel must cancel a program, we commit to giving you a full refund







security and assistance


our 24-hour emergency phone number and network of local representatives, guarantee our service and commitment to provide assistance at all times during your trip.



 






                nacel has over 60 years creating unique cultural, educational and linguistic experiences for students from all over the world. every year nacel welcomes students from different races, gender, and social backgrounds.














 

            get started contact us














contact us
give us a callfrom the usa : 651-315-7880from other countries : 00-1-651-315-7880our office hours are from monday to friday up to 12pm est time.skype: nacel.international change site langage




 english spanish french portuguese 

change product currency


--




help & faqs

faqsabout uscontact usbecome an agenttestimonialsfinance your study abroad programbooking formmeet the team 










connect


our programs

high school abroadargentinabrazilcanadachilechinaecuadorfrancegermanyirelanditalyjapankorea (republic of)mexiconetherlandsnew zealandphilippinesportugalsouth africaspainunited kingdomunited stateshomestay immersionargentinaaustraliabrazilcanadachilechinafrancegermanyirelanditalyjapanmaltamexiconetherlandsnew zealandportugalspainunited kingdomunited stateslanguage schoolcanadafrancegermanyitalyjapanmaltamoroccospainunited kingdomunited statessummer campsbelgiumcanadafrancegermanyirelanditalyjapankorea (republic of)spainswitzerlandunited kingdom 


sales conditions privacy policy cookies management





inquire here








xs
sm
md
lg








×




get started today on your 2025 travel and study abroad journey with nacel—reach out now to make it happen!
discover a new language, immerse yourself in a new culture, and make lifelong international friends. study abroad with nacel. 
let our expert educational advisors guide you every step of the way!









name



participant's age



email



phone number



by submitting this form, you agree to our privacy policy.


please, contact me
no thanks





need expert advice? please choose how you’d like to connect with our advisors for free!

 live chat now: immediate chat with an advisor.
 email us: send us your questions, and we’ll offer personalized recommendations.
 whatsapp: contact us through whatsapp.
 















