


the history of 8 families








the history of 8
families




mctiernan 
/ mcternan / mactiernan 
family dna
test 


the gates of sheskin
 


fries 
family 




carney / 
kearney 
family 


lucash 
family 




mcgrail / 
mcgreal 
family 


blaies / 
blaes 
family 




byrne / bryne / 
beirne family 


bender 
family 




leitrim 
irish links 


o'rourke 
family 


rider, the 
other eight 


german 
french links 






http://mctiernan.com

each of my eight immigrant families had the same goal:
decrease the distance between themselves and lunch on a daily
basis. what courage it must have taken to step onto an ocean going  ship in 1848, anticipating icebergs,
storms,
fifty foot waves and knowing that it might be sixty to ninety days to
reach land.

in preparation for the fast approaching global village, the rising
generations of these eight families, as they jump out of the dull
annals of history, where we are their barbarians, and ride across the
stage of life in the 21st century with all the valor, gaiety and color
of modern times should want to understand from whence they came. 
in the last third of the 19th century, when over 90 % of all
countries in the world were still ruled by sovereign monarchs, while
queen victoria's england was at its height with the sun never setting
on the british empire, while again ireland was being tested in spirit
and for her very survival, there were five mctiernan children, 4 sons
and one daughter born in
the townland of  sheskin,  the
daughter dying
at birth, one son staying in ireland and the other three following the
classic irish
example of the wild geese
a hundred years before, leaving for the far corners of the earth, 
"echoing down the wind, blown backwards from the
lips of fame"
 
reading this means that you were born in the 20th or early in
the 21st century and more
than any other period in history, we now possess a more dynamic archive
of life in our time than ever before. these inventions that enabled
this archive are a by-product of the inventive genius of the 20th
century, movies, video, sound and photos. the basis for the 20th
century achievements actually may have begun earlier, formed by several
events and at several different locations at different points in time. 
in 1870, the age of invention established the
technological foundation for our society that later on in time allowing
the peasants to move off the farm to the cities enabling the beginnings
of
the industrial revolution. in 1914, the great war
erupted dismantling the
19th century's class and political structures. forever more, good help
would be so hard to find. in 1917, the russian revolution
established the ideological schism that would define a bipolar world
for over seventy two years, eventually forcing the russian people to
choose between the communism religion and mother russia herself. in
the 1940s, the spectacular sacrifice of our world war ii
generation, who alone may have saved the century and perhaps all of
mankind. 
war is a common thread throughout the lives of all our irish and
european ancestors. military glory was a dream that century after
century seized on man's imaginations and set their blood on fire.
trumpets, plumes, chargers, the pomp of war, the excitement of combat,
the exultation of victory--the mixture was intoxicating. to command
great armies, to perform deeds
of valour, to ride victorious through flower-strewn streets, to be
heroic, magnificent, famous--such were the visions that danced before
men's eyes as they turned eagerly to war throughout our history. in
these wars, my
bender family line from germany lost over 230 bender ancestors
starting in the third partition of poland and napoleon's
invasion of russia. 

war was not a dream for the common man in
europe or
ireland. many of our ancestors were the foot soldiers of these wars,
the
stepchildren of valour. war was an aristocratic trade, and military
glory
reserved for nobles and princes. in history, courage was the god of
war,
called valour by many historians. war was won by valour and
was
seen as the supreme high adventure. 
it was a dream that died hard. century followed century and
glittering visions faded before the somber realities of history. great
armies in their pride and splendor were defeated by starvation,
pestilence and filth, valour being sacrificed to stupidity, gallantry
to corruption. many times throughout our family's european
history one or all of the
four horseman of the apocalypse were
turned loose on mankind, governments and aristocrats believing to the
end
that valour was the lock on the gate. "before me was a
white horse! its rider held a bow, and he was given a crown, and he
rode out as
a conqueror bent on conquest. yet
another
horse came out, a fiery red one. its rider was given power to take
peace
from the earth and to make men slay each other. to him was given a
large sword for war. 
then a black horse! its rider was holding a
pair of scales in his hand, pestilence. 
and theî a pale horse!
its rider was named death
and hades was following close behind him."

to understand our family's history, mere facts can never be
enough as
you will reprocess what you read through the mills of your imagination.
you must merge what you read with what you choose to believe is true,
as "truth" is really only your truth. this history of 8 families
may provide a foundation and glinting in it you might see the trace
elements of every family on earth. it is certainly not a tabula rasa. 
the long view is that my
generation's most immediate ancestors, our
grandparents or our great grandparents were born into three of the five
great empires that in their time ruled the known world, british, french
and
[hapsburg] austro-hungarian: the other two being the ottoman and the
russian empires. those empires have been gone for most of our time,
since the beginning of the 20th century.
when you read the bender history and see the names of our cousins
listed on the wall of st.
nicholas, 
the rettigheim village church as being
killed in the great war  [photo]
or in ww ii  [photo]
 history
might
come alive as you ask yourself, what might have been? reading about our
twelve bender ancestors that served and were wounded or killed in 
napoleon's 
army
during
his invasion of russia in 1812, one of which made it home to die makes
history seem real. that bender was awarded the baden medal of honor by
the duke of baden in 1830. two of our fries ancestors were killed in
spain in napoleon's invasion of that country. when you read the irish
side, can you picture
yourself as a twenty five year old young man in the early 1890s sitting
on a mud floor in a stone house 11 by 20 feet big, talking with your
parents
about emigration knowing that you would never
see them or the green
fields of ireland again? history does not always reveal its
alternatives but implies rather what might have been. 
 not too many years ago, at the beginning of the 20th century in
1906, the last great caravan of 20,000 camels started on its yearly
trip along the great salt road in africa, about eleven years after my
irish
grandparents arrived in america. salt at that time was worth its weight
in gold in
that part of the world. a 100 years or so, really wasn't that long
ago. 
 as we begin the 21st century, i hope the history of 8 families
may provide the framework on the way back to let you imagine what might
have been if our ancestors had chosen a different road to travel, if
they hadn't put on strength, che dzin. they had only the
courage to risk all, grasping at the freedom to better themselves,
risking the unknown, the ultimate
terror, accepting the age old great rule of all agrarian
societies
if not all society, once you leave there's no coming home again. after
all,
 a great idea must first break a great rule. emigration
on
a grand scale, our ancestor's defining moment was the great idea.
unable to resist looking back before my days are in the sere
and
yellow leaf, this is a brief nineteen page abstract of the families
of
my eight great grandparents. four were irish, two were german, one was
french
and one was from bohemia in the austro-hungarian empire. it has where
the families
came from, when they left their homelands and where they settled in
america,
australia and england. the individual family histories
are
ten to sixty pages long with their links located off the icons above.
the bender german history is the exception
being over 4 inches thick with well over 20,000 ancestors. if you are
connected to any of these eight
families,
email me at 
michael@mctiernan.com  and i will include your information in
the histories.  a poorly done map of the 8 families is at this
website: http://mctiernan.com/8familiesmap.htm

  



our 4
european families


generations
- known 
as of 2016

date
or
year of
emigration

date or
year of
immigration

1st
destination



fries

19

4-6-1848

1849

belleville,
il & bellevue, ia



lucash

9

1853

1854

freeburg,
il



blaies /
blaes

12

c. 1852

c. 1852

arnold,
mo area
then mascoutah, il



bender

15

c. 1848
to 1856

c. 1848
to 1856
kimmswick,
rock township, 
jefferson co, mo 
then mascoutah, il






there are always two sides to every story. this is .
.
. .
. . . . . 

the irish side
    
for the great gaels of ireland
are the men that god made mad. 
for all their wars are merry
and all their songs are sad. 
in ancient writings ireland is called fail, as in inis fail,
signifying insula fatalis or the island of destiny: a name
given to ireland by the tua-de-dacans from a remarkable stone called
the lia fail, signifying lapis fatalis, saxum fatale or stone of
destiny. the lia fail is believed to be the stone on which jacob
rested: and sitting on which the ancient irish kings, the de-danans and
the milesians were crowned at
tara. 
this stone was sent to scotland in the sixth century by the irish
monarch murcheartach mor macearca for the coronation of his brother
fergus mor macearca, the founder of the scottish monarchy. it had been
used for many centuries at the coronation of the scottish kings and
kept at the abbey of scone. 
when king edward i, [ruled: 1272--1307, called longshanks, the
hammer of
the scots] invaded scotland he brought the stone of destiny back to
england and placed it under the coronation chair in westminister abbey
where it remained until 1997. based on a political move by the english
parliament, it was returned to edinburgh castle in scotland. 
one of the great symbolic writings in ancient irish literature, is
of the
battle of medb's sons. when in the heat of the bloody battle, medb is
told
that her foster son cuchulainn [hound of culain] has beheaded her son,
ferdia.
medb describes the face of the dying gaul, 
saying it speaks for them all: 
each one of us will die, naked and alone, on
some battlefield not 
of our own choosing. my promise of undying faithfulness to you
and yours to me [referring to the brother's pledge to each other]
though made with all solemnity, is unlikely to survive the tricks
that fate has in store--all the hidden pitfalls that beset human
life. what we can rely on is the comeliness and iron virtue of the
short-lived hero: his loyalty to cause and comrades, his bravery
in the face of overwhelming odds, the gargantuan generosity
with which he scatters his possessions and his person and
with which he spills his blood. 
such an outlook and temperament make for wonderful songs and
thrilling stories, but not for personal peace or social harmony in the
larger society. this unusual early description of the ultimate human
conflict, brother slaying brother, seems much different than the
history of other countries but still is ireland. it may even be the
beginnings of a historical explanation of the irish passion for causes,
the necessary springboard and
hallmark of all short-lived heroes. 
henry ii invaded ireland in 1171. as a result of the treaty of
windsor in 1175 between henry ii of england and rory, the irish high
king, ireland became subject to the english crown. english kings
ruled through the
appointment, first of justicars and later of lords deputy and lords
lieutenants.
in 1177, henry ii created his son john, "dominus hiberniae" lord of
ireland, at the same time two norman's, robert fitzstephen and milo de
cogan were granted the kingdom of cork between them. philip de braose
was granted the kingdom of limerick. later in history, the more famous
and much married henry viii was the first to use the title king of
ireland. 
 here are the old
irish titles 
that have been officially recognized and registered, but do not form
part
of the british peerage of ireland. irish history refers to them as "the
five bloods". they are, 

the ui niaill mor (the great o'neill) 
the ui niaill clann na buide (the clannaboy o'neill) 
the maccartaigh (the great maccarthy mor) 
the ui briain of thomond (the o'brien) 
the conchobhair donn (the o'conor don) 

the irish
born
rulers of ireland lasted only 158 years from 1014 until 1172,
when henry ii of england was made ruler of ireland by pope adrian iv
who was the son of an english priest. henry ii had promised that he
would take care of adrian's family back in england. pope adrian iv then
issued a papal bull called "laudabiliter" approving henry ii's
conquest of ireland. this meant that henry ii and the english were not
to be defied under the penalty of excommunication. the irish clergy now
had to help the invader and support henry ii all of which was done to
save
the irish from themselves. 
 over time, the english tried various forms of government. one of
the earlier forms of government during the english plantation effort
was with english appointed barons as local rulers. they were to be the
extension of the monarch's rule in remote far off lands like ireland.
these lands usually were never under control and it was left to the
newly appointed baron to bring his new barony under control for himself
and the king. 
our irish and european ancestors grew up in a societal environment
that was for the most part decided for them. on the irish side, our
ancestors social and economic standing in irish society was determined
by the existing rulers. these rulers [british barons]
 were absolute and had rights far beyond what exist today. the
right of gallows as an example, enabled the local baron to roll into
town and hang anybody he wanted whenever he wanted. that, along with
other less intrusive rights made for a society that was restrictive at
best. this absolute rule by english barons and their knights  lasted for
centuries up until the
mid 1600s when the cromwell era began the erosion of this absolute
power. 
predating the english rule was ireland's own ancient gaelic military
order called the  niadh nask.
 long before the advent of christianity it provided a warrior elite
from the highest ranks of the nobility, which defended both king and
state. the sub order of the niadh nask for our area was the clanna
morna, or knights of connacht. the order is still in existence
and its influence is worldwide due to the 
flight of
the
earls  at the beginning of the 1600s and the flight
of the
wild geese at the end of the seventeenth century. the earls left
from
portnamurry bay in co donegal which is not too far from co
leitrim.  apparently none of my
irish ancestors belonged to the niadh nask or clanna morna.

although, in 1377 the doctrine of barony by tenure seems to have
been accepted,
it was nearly a century later before the official creation of the first
irish
baron, that of baron trimleston in 1462. not long afterwards this was
followed
by the creation of the first irish viscount in 1478, sir robert preston
 (gormanston). 
a great  preston
home
page with an enormous amount of family data on all the
prestons, us, england and ireland by fred preston. 
ireland has 331 baronies in 32 counties in one country. the  barony of orhera, 
county armagh, ulster
and the  barony of
drumahaire,  county leitrim, connacht offer two good examples
of the typical irish barony: orhera 
or drumahaire. 
the barony of
orhera's older name being orier bar and its current modern name being
orior lower. drumahaire's older name being drumagheire. drumahaire was
known as slieve anierin
in the very old days, c. 1592. county leitrim has five baronies. 
there are three distinct types of british feudal
barons  in history: 

baron by tenure 
baron by writ 
baron by letters patent

here is an example of the line of descent for the  baron of drumahaire 
in co leitrim and
the line of descent for the 
baron of orhera
 in co armagh. this was the overall ruling structure in place in
ireland as the known history of the mctiernans from sheskin  unfolds. 
yet another different mcternan sept is historically based in county
meath. while meath is no longer a province, it was one of the five
provinces in early irish history. the five provinces were originally
seven kingdoms, with the other two kingdoms of oriel and ail each
merging into ulster in the 1600s. this mcternan sept is located in the
barony of moyfenragh,
 one of 331 baronies
 in ireland. meath is not in
connacht, rather it is in leinster which translates to territory of
spears. the macternans in that area were chiefs of teallach dunchada,  the
tribe or territory
of donogh. yet another mctiernan sept from the north-eastern part of co
roscommon are descended from tiernan, grandson of turlough mor
o'connor, king of ireland. as yet, there is no connection between my
mcternan family from sheskin, barony of drumahaire, co leitrim,
connacht and either of these septs mentioned here other than the
identical surname. the current results of the worldwide mcternan dna test
suggest that there are  20 different mactighernan septs or at
least  20 different
progenitors based on the  20 different, distinct and genetically
unrelated dna groups. 

all of ireland
now has four provinces, however back in history, meath, the mensal
land of the irish sovereigns was the fifth province. it is called meath
or midhe because it was formed from the neck of each of the other
provinces. leinster translates to territory of spears. connacht
received its name from a trial of magic that took place between two
druids of the tuatha-de-dannans, whose names were kithnellach and conn.
conn won the contest by covering all of connacht with snow, hence the
name connacht was given to the province. ulster was called uladh
meaning great treasure, implying great wealth in fish and cows. munster
derives from the gaelic word mumba or mooa to mo meaning greater. 
a section of connacht and ulster was known as the kingdom of
bréifne which covers both co leitrim and co
cavan. west bréifne covers all of co leitrim and the two
baronies in co cavan,  tullyhunco 
and tullyhaw. west
bréifne was known as
shieve an ierin westwards. the dividing line separating west and east
bréifne is the river graine, now the woodford river at
ballyconnell.
lorcan o'runai in his book "from rosclogher to rooskey" list
the
more well known families of north leitrim. the rulers of muintir kenny
were of the family of mac con snamha of lough allen. the macternans, a
sept of the o'rourkes, descended from tighearnan o'rourke who ruled the
land called
teallach donnchadha anglicized to tullyhunco
a barony in the present co cavan, ulster. see 
http://mctiernan.com/dnatest.htm  for the dna test of philip
o'rorke, the o'ruairc of bréifne.

from the earliest times the kings of connacht were inaugurated at
carnfree near tulsk, co roscommon on the plains of rathcroghan between
strokestown and elphin in the old barony of ballintober. later on
in time, croghan
[cruachan] was the inauguration site of the kings of
connacht is
in tullyhunco. a close
up of all that
remains.  it is
about thirty miles from
sheskin. the great
clan mcgovern renowned for religion and learning ruled long and well in
their mountain kingdom of teallach eachach now tullyhaw, co cavan. the
macdarcy clan ruled kincluachain which comprised the present parish of
oughteragh at the foot of slieve an iarainn in co leitrim. the mcclancy
clan ruled dartry, the present
barony of rosclogher in north leitrim.
 drumahaire was the family seat of the o'rourkes.
drumahaire
 means "the
ridge of the two air demons" and the town in north leitrim by that name
was the seat of o'rourke's power, called baile-o'ruaire or o'rourke's
town. in ancient times, it was called carraig-patrick because st.
patrick intended to make it the ecclesiastical capital of ireland but
the saint
had a vision telling him to go to the heights of maca in co armagh,
hence
today the italian prelate of ireland resides in co armagh. two
historical
occurrences seem to be prevalent in the area of drumahaire, one
explained
and one unexplained. the drumahaire area is referred to as the area of
"the wild rose" which comes from the necklace like layers of
white
and pink dog roses that festoon the local hedgerows in summer. the
other
unexplained inference is that it is the area of the "howling dog".
it is not clear what that saying means, what it symbolizes or where it
comes from. 
 the setting for the
irish side of my family is
collectively in the barony of drumahaire, under the shank of the
drumlin mountains,
the area of the "wild rose" and the "howling dog". the mcternans of
tullyhunco in co cavan paid tribute to sir john o'reilly before 1853
and to the
o'rourkes who owned it before that. a list of the mag tigernains of tullyhunco  taken from
the annals of
connacht. back in time, the mag tigernains of tullyhunco stopped the
inauguration of domhnall o'ruairc by the ui neill [o'neil] at the holy
inauguration site of [croghan] cruachain in tullyhunco. the mctiernan castle ruins on
croghan hill. 
while the more well known historical home of the mcternans lies in the
townland of
croaghan, aka coolnashinny in the barony of
tullyhunco [teallach donnchadha], co cavan, ulster, it is the townland
of sheskin, killargue catholic parish, barony of drumahaire in north
leitrim, west
bréifne, connacht, about 30 miles north west of croaghan in
tullyhunco and about 2
miles from the town of drumahaire where my mctiernan family history
begins.  the genetic and geographic map of all know mactighernans
is at this web site:  http://mctiernan.com/mctmaps.htm


the known great mactighernan mysteries http://mctiernan.com/10mysteries.htm
 four of the eight
families in my ancestral
line are irish from co leitrim in the
connacht area in the west of ireland, noted for its stark beauty and
made famous by the poet, yeats.
the
poet's famous bulben
mountain.  the
map on the left shows the general location. almost all known
mactighernan
families have their origin in this small part of ireland.  the
only other choice other than  connacht  was
hell as in the famous cromwellian edict of long ago, "send them to
connacht or to hell". under penalty of death, no irish man or woman or
child was to let himself, herself or itself be found east of the river
shannon, after may 1, 1654. later in time, elizabeth i's plantation
effort was mainly in ulster but also extended as far south as lough
gill in
co leitrim, where parke's
castle 
sits
on the shore. it was built on the earlier remains of an 
o'rourke
castle. another view of the o'rourke
castle at drumahaire.  
 it is written in irish history, that the mcternans of
bréifne descend
from either the o'ruaircs who were kings of drumahaire or the o'conors
of
north co roscommon who were for a time the high kings of all ireland.
the
dna test  that
137 of us
mactighernans
have taken
might prove this or not, 900 years later. the dna test results of
philip o'rorke, the o'ruairc of bréifne's test matches more or
less 17 /
25
to all  20 mcternan dna groups. therefore we are unfortunately
most
likely not
genetically related to the o'ruaircs, at least so far in the test. 
 elizabeth i's plantation effort was based on the belief that by
having loyal english and scottish subjects and soldiers settle in the
province of ulster they would make it a peaceful and loyal province.
all lands in ulster were confiscated and divided into baronies and sub
divided into large, middle and small estates. proportions of land were
allotted to three different classes. they were: 

undertakers who were to plant their estates with english or
lowland scots. 
servitors who may take native irish, english or lowland scots as
tenants. 
natives of ireland who were loyal to the english king. 

tullyhunco was set aside for scottish undertakers. east breifne,
i.e. co
cavan belonged to connacht but as soon as the english established some
control
north of the pale it was decided that cavan could be more easily
managed
if it were annexed to ulster. lord deputy sussex about 1562 made the
recommendation
and since that time co cavan has been part of ulster. 
my family's earliest known mctiernan from the townland of  sheskin is hugh
mcternan i, 1708--1783.
roman numerals have been inserted with each of my family's eight
different
hugh mcternans from sheskin in order to keep them straight. hugh i is
the
first known mcternan from sheskin to be buried in 1783 in the family
grave
at the foot of the high
altar  in the
franciscan abbey of
creevelea.  the
abbey was burned by cromwell in the mid 1600s and is today an irish
national historical site in county leitrim. it stands on the bank of
the bonnett river across from the town of drumahaire in the civil
parish of killanummery, barony of drumahaire and plu of manorhamilton.
the earliest gravestone at the abbey is the one next to the sheskin mcternan grave, 
for hugh o'rourke
and catherine mcternan buried there on august 22, 1721. a documented
connection between our families has not yet been found. creevelea means
"gray branch" in gaelic. 
bishop edward o'rourke's of danzig poland, 1925, book describes  drumahaire: 
"nestling among trees on the
sunny side of the north leitrim mountains [drumlins], in the valley
immortalized by moore, and sheltered from the western blast by killery
mountains, is the ever smiling pretty village of  drumahaire,  with its
two churches, police barracks, doctors residence, grand lodge, post
office,
and up-to-date hotel, as chief features of the modern little town.
verging
on lough gill, it is within five minutes walk of the railway station,
and
easily accessible from sligo by splendid roads, both sides of the lake,
and formerly by steamer on same. 
the semi modern, ivy clad castle, with the adjoining picturesque
lodge and charming lawn, every variety of sylvan splendor in the view
of hazelwood; the huge natural curiosity, 
o'rourke's table, 
the indescribable beauty of the lake, its wooded islands and shores are
material which proper development and advertisement would entitle
the district to be called "the northern killarney". across the river
rise
the venerable gray walls of the old o'rourke franciscan abbey [abbey of creevelea],
the resting place of
bishop thaddaeus o'rourke, who in days of persecution [18th century]
fled from the west for shelter to his friends in bréifne."
bishop edward
o'rourke is a descendant of the irish earls who left ireland in the
early
1600s in what is known as the  flight of the
earls. he was the bishop of danzig, poland and spoke six
languages writing his book in the 1920s on a visit to drumahaire. 
co leitrim which means "gray ridge" in gaelic was named after the
british lord leitrim 
of mohill whose irish
residence  was on the banks of lough
rynn. he, unlike some of the 
british
rulers
 in ireland was apparently a very bad man, with local folklore
telling of his pursuits of the daughters of many an irish tenant
farmer. that deserving reputation, along with high land taxes and
evictions led to
his murder on a trip to co donegal by four irishmen from county leitrim
on april 2, 1878. 
when they found the body, lord leitrim was clutching the red hair
and part
of the scalp from one of his attackers. the police thought they had a
sure
fire way to catch and prove who killed lord leitrim. find the red
haired
co leitrim man with hair and scalp missing and you have the guilty man.
within
hours of the start of the search, every red haired co leitrim man had
missing
from his head, both scalp and a hand full of hair. they never were able
to
prove who killed lord leitrim. talk about joining ranks when the
pressure
was on. my grandmother, anne mctiernan, nee mcgrail had red hair and a
brother,
stephen. most likely, stephen may also have had red hair and if so he
may
have lost a bit of his scalp and hair at this time. 
the irish lived along side of the english in ireland. they, out of
necessity had to cope with this interloper and their response to the
conflict shaped their character. their character became their fortune
and was shaped
by the dynamic interaction of what they thought of themselves and to a
like extent what others thought of them. one defined their integrity
and
the other may well have defined their fate. the lines of battle between
british and irish were most sharply drawn in the administration of
justice. 
the irish with their strong familial loyalties and ancient gaelic
tribal tradition, were accustomed to appealing to a chieftain to defend
their rights. the imported english common-law system with its juries
and its weighing of truth on the basis of individual testimony under
oath was alien to them. it seemed scandalous to have to testify against
a relative or a neighbor. oaths of blood or fidelity were one thing but
oaths to tell the truth when it was against one's own interest or the
interest of a friend were quite another. the claim of abstract justice
that it served the common good in the long run held little appeal. in
the long run everyone will be dead, and of what use is the common good
if it is not also a personal good. with that as a basis and the
practical view that the british landlords and courts never had the
people at heart left the irish with only one way to cope. 
the irish developed the art of soft deception or blarney and
the disingenuous oath which was not really an oath at all. these were
acts of imagination designed to oblige the listener with the fiction of
compliance while preserving fidelity to one's own conception of
justice. they could not rely on inscrutable silence so they relied on
the resources of wit and speech. under the mask of insinuation, the
hearer is induced to believe the speaker has sworn to the fact of the
story, as when contradicted "by the stool i'm sitting on . . [it is the
truth!] " but the oath is never fully stated. 
behind the sifting faces of the national character, flowing within
every manifestation of the national irish spirit was a pervasive,
inescapable mirth. the irish, no matter what outsiders thought never
took themselves too seriously. supreme egotism and utter seriousness
are necessary for the greatest accomplishments, and these are difficult
for the irish to sustain. at some point the instinct to see life in a
comic light becomes irresistible and ambition falls before it. a
certain gaiety stands always available to the irish to turn the tables
on life when needed. 
early on, ireland seems to have evolved differently in two major
ways. the right of primogeniture was never used, rather the passing of
land or family assets from generation to generation was done to all the
sons, not just to the eldest as it was in the rest of europe. the
historical formula for development seems to be that trade produces
wealth, wealth pays
for knowledge and knowledge stimulates more trade. the second major
difference
was that the trade part of the formula never seemed to get going in
ireland
to the extent that it did in many cultures in europe. lack of the old
roman
roads may have been one of the major root causes. 
my four irish families are connected as follows: my great
grandfather, hugh mct(i)ernan v, 1836--1909 married mary carney,
1845--1916. their son, my
grandfather, hugh mctiernan vi,
1866--1944 married  anne
mcgrail, 1870--1958.
anne mcgrail's parents were bartley mcgrail jr., 1834--<1885 and 
mary bryne, 1837--1913.
hugh mcternan vi, 
1866--1944 and anne mcgrail,
 1870--1958, my paternal
grandparents were married at st. brigid's catholic church which is also
known as
the chapel of killargue, barony of drumahaire, co. leitrim in 1895.
carney is often spelled kearney or o'kearney. mcgrail is also spelled
mcgreal. a site
for the mcgreal / mcgrail families and the history of the
name.   byrne, bryne and beirne are the various spellings of
the
name. a
irish clan web site.  the irish side is connected to the
european side via my dad, john
mctiernan, 1902--1989, the son of hugh mcternan vi and anne mcgrail
who married florence estelle fries, 1911--2000 on october 5, 1940 in
st.
louis, mo who was the daughter of adolph fries and anne blaies. ;

surviving the famine, hugh mct(i)ernan v and mary carney had five
children born in co
leitrim in the
townland
of sheskin, 
barony of drumahaire. 
they were: 

michael mctiernan,
 1864--1937,
the oldest, at around twenty eight immigrated to new
farm,
brisbane, qld, australia c. 1892 and married ann bridget mcmorrow.
this
mctiernan line married into the australian families of watson and blake.
hugh mctiernan vi, 
1866--1944, at twenty nine, married anne mcgreal  in the killargue parish 
chapel and immigrated to america in 1895 settling in st.
louis, mo and then his descendent settled in wayne-strafford, pa,
usa. my
mctiernan family also
married into the silvy family from kentucky without issue.
patrick mcternan, 1869--c.1900, verbal family history says he
worked as a clerk in a shop in the county leitrim town of
carrick-on-the-shannon and then joined the british army around 1900,
leaving ireland to fight and die in one of england's many wars
somewhere in the empire.
jane mary mcternan, 1872--1872, died soon after birth.
john mcternan, 
1874--1949, stayed
on the family farm in sheskin and married ellen woods. their two
daughters immigrated to england right after world war ii and
settled in coventry,
west midlands marrying the two flynn brothers.
this mctiernan line married into
the british families of flynn, bower, lane and dunne. the eyre bower
family is linked to the historical family of jane eyre. the  bower  family can
trace their line
back to england's doomsday book in the 1100s. john and ellen's son,
hugh mcternan viii, 1916--2006, was born on sheskin and lived there
until
right
after world war ii then lived in toothfield outside of manorhamilton,
co. leitrim until he passed.

north leitrim's largest town, manorhamilton
back in the mist of time
was called "o'rourke's little fields". its recent name was given to one
of the most dreaded local rulers, sir frederick hamilton who came to
manorhamilton from scotland and founded a castle
 in 1638. he was the grandson of james ii, earl of arran. it was
said that sir frederick was used as an example if you were trying to
make cromwell look good. he was to use the gallows in manorhamilton
daily, to hang
a catholic. one of his last and many acts of destruction was the
burning of carr castle, a stronghold of the  o'rourkes
 at glencar in 1641. 
lord hamilton had invited the local chiefs to dine at his castle
with the
intention of killing them while they ate. as the time approached for
the
servants to do the deed, the old irish piper providing the music for
the
feast played the song, "make your visits short and far between".
too busy eating to notice, the local chiefs were killed. lord hamilton
and
his castle fell in 1652 when attacked by the royalist clanricard and
owen roe o'neill. as per lorcan o'runai in his book "from
rosclougher to rooskey": lord hamilton escaped from his castle
hiding in a group of women released by owen. it is said that he shed
tears as he paused on horseback to take
a last look at his castle in flames.


now this is the gospel truth, 375 years after sir frederick
hamilton killed mulmory macternan,
when he saw another mctiernan
inside the ruins of his castle namely  myself,
his ghost tried to kill me. mulmurry macternan was a lesser
sub-chief in
co  leitrim. in november 2017, my family
and i were visiting ireland, specifically manorhamilton in co
leitrim.  we
were touring the ruins of sir frederick hamilton's castle and about 5
seconds
after i turned the corner in the photo at left, the ghost of sir
frederick
launched a 200 lb. stone from the high castle keep falling away from
the castle
walls. strange, after 375 years the rock fell just when a
mctiernan was
walking by. he killed mullimury but missed me.
 if you were trying to
make cromwell look good, you talked about sir frederick hamilton


the ten generation
 chart with
the extended mcternan / mctiernan family from the townland of sheskin,
barony of drumahaire
with photos  of
all four mcternan lines, irish,
american, british and the australians. the multi-generation charts for
the mcgrail,  byrne  and carney
 families. 
in the late 19th century, hugh mcternan v, mary carney and their
four sons
lived in a two room rock walled house 11 feet wide by 35 feet big on
about 47
acres
of land in sheskin with no cattle fences, just the  gates  of sheskin.
looking at the house in
2008 it appears that there were 3 separate rooms, the bigger one was
the family kitchen with a fireplace and most likely where the parents
slept.  the other two rooms are smaller, the one the far end
looks to small to hold humans and most likely was the stable for horses
or cattle.  the room between the small stable and the family room
could sleep four young men.  that room would have been warm in the
cold winter night as it would be between the enclosed stable and the
wall that held the stone fireplace in the family room.  looking
from the road at the house these 2 additional rooms would have been to
the left.  additionally a second house is to the rear and about 20
feet off to the left of the main house.  this is where ellen
mctiernan and her cousin james mctiernan resided.  ellen was most
likely the sister of bernard mctiernan the editor of the sligo champion.

the townland of sheskin
is 94 acres big. sheskin has two traditional irish ring forts which
are hundreds of years old, predating any of our known family history.
perhaps that was a smart location for the forts as sheskin means marsh
or quagmire in gaelic and it is tough for an enemy to charge your
defensive
position when they have to run through a marsh to attack. the mcternan
family originally owned 72 acres. alice mcternan, nee o'connor sold 25
acres in the mid 1850s to patrick feeney. hugh mcternan v, 1836--1909,
is listed as the occupier of 47 acres on sheskin
 in the 1856 evaluation. some 20 years later, ireland in 1870
was the seventh richest country in the world.  
 







the famine population shift in
the areas where our four irish families lived



townland /

parishes / 
p.l.u. / 
county
specific
area size in acres /
km / sq mi

1841 
pop.
1841 acres

per person
1851 
pop.
1851 acres
/
km /
sq miles
per person
% drop in

population 
in 1851
% increase
needed in
1851 in
acreage to
support one
individual
1871 
pop.
1991 
pop.
1996 
pop.
2002
pop.




mctiernan
 --  sheskin 
n54.14' 26.8" w08.13' 46.5" 


94 


22 


4.3 


16 


5.8 


27 % 


34 % 


15 


--- 


10 






carney
 --  carrigeencor 
n54.15'28" w08.15'20" 


900 


290 


3.1 


194 


4.6 


33 % 


48 % 


--- 


--- 


--- 






mcgrail
 --  lisfuiltaghan 
n54.08'30" w08.09'30" 


361 


173 


2.0 


81 


4.4 


53 % 


120 % 


--- 


--- 


--- 






bryne /
byrne  --  drumrewey 
n54.10'25" w08.08'20" 


149 


170 


0.87 


86 


1.7 


49 % 


95 % 


--- 


--- 


--- 






killargue

cath. parish 


13,898 


5,961 


2.33 


4,530 


3.06 


24 % 


31 % 


2,164 


589 


577 






killarga
civil parish 


14,893 


4,873 


3.05 


3,673 


4.05 


24 % 


24 % 


--- 


--- 


--- 






drumlease
cath. parish 


15,271 


4,454 


3.42 


3,905 


3.91 


12 % 


14 % 


--- 


935 


989 






inishmagrath
parish 


27,439 


9,491 


2.89 


6,435 


4.26 


32 % 


32 % 


--- 


947 


924 






manorhamilton
p.l.u. 


- 


44,038 


- 


34,804 


- 


20 % 


- 
<
 
48 

 



 
barony
of
drumahaire


117,087 




co leitrim 


398,887 /
1588 km /
2646 sq. mi.
 


155,297 


2.56 /
98 /
163
 


111,915 


3.56
 


27 % 


39 % 


--- 


--- 


--- 

25815




co cavan 


477,361 


243,158 


1.96 


174,064 


2.74 


28 % 


39 % 


148,000 


55,000 


--- 






co sligo 

434,188

181,000

2.39

129,000

3.36

40 %














the 1981 population of  connacht  was
424,000. 








 the previous chart shows the townland of drumrewy
or drumrewey, located
immediately north of  st.
brigid's 
in drumkeeran  as
having the highest
quality land with sheskin, the poorest. sheskin in 1841 was the 4th
smallest townland in killargue catholic parish in terms of population.
the famine which led to death or emigration seems to have hit
lisfuiltaghan
and drumrewey
the hardest. the carney farm of 88 acres is
right on a lake that is currently famous for its perch fishing which
might have offset the impact of the famine on the residents of the
townland carrigeencor
to some degree. my great grandparents, hugh
mcternan v, mary carney, bartley mcgrail jr.
and mary byrne were our ancestors that lived through the famine. the
parish of killargue has 75 townlands, inishmagrath (drumkeeran) has 138
and drumlease (drumahaire) has 47. during the famine years of
1845-1851 ireland lost some 2,225,000 people. the mortality rate in co
leitrim was 43 per 1000 people. sligo was even worse. 

leitrim largely escaped the viking raids between 874 and 950 and was
one of a handful of counties that escaped the 12th century norman
invasion. subsequently, however it was one of the first to be
settled
by the english in the 1600s. that meant that the old irish feudal
system and traditions continued in leitrim far longer than in other
counties but then disappeared much quicker with the arrival of english
settlers. the significant social, economic and political shifts
that
took place during the mid nineteenth century thus had their roots in
the changing patterns of land ownership and society in the centuries
and decades before.

in south leitrim from the mid 1500s, the clan way of life was under
serious threat. an increasingly powerful english administration
was
slowly but surely extending its influence and dominion. in a
visit to
mohill in 1540, the saxons destroyed the monastery and beheaded the
guardian and several of the friars. by 1590, the english
government ;
forces were actively routing the local clans. 

the first major failure of the potato crop occurred in 1816 when peel,
later the prime minister, was chief secretary for ireland. the
crop
failed again in 1817 causing a near famine which was accompanied by an
outbreak of typhus. further serious food shortages occurred
between
1822 and 1826.

it was the laboring class that would be most affected by the great
famine as they had nothing. they existed season to season in tiny
mud
cabins on a patch of land that they leased under a system called
"conacre". under conacre they were given a plot for a single
season in
exchange for casual labor and / or rent. 
the reality of life during the famine times was emigrate or starve.
while this writing is not meant to be an irish "keen" none the less, as
the coffin ships made their slow voyage across the atlantic it was said
by men who had experienced both that the coffin ships transcended in
horror the middle passage of the slave trade. the coffin ships carried
a cargo of hatred. in the new world, that had been called into being to
redress the imbalance of the old, there was to grow up a population
among whom animosity to england was a religion, a creed, whose burning
resentment could never be appeased, who, possessing the long memory of
ireland, could never forget. the irish famine was to be paid for by
england at a terrible price; out of it was born irish america. 
hugh mcternan v was about nine or ten at the start of the great
famine. mary would have been born the year before the famine. now after
surviving that, forty six years later there must have been a very sad
family meeting about 1891. imagine hugh v and mary and their sons
sitting on the mud floor of their home, explaining to their four sons
that all they had was 47 acres with a few cows and that was not enough
to leave four sons. three of the sons would have go off to make their
way in the world, as without land and cows you could not marry and hope
to support a family. at this assumed meeting c.1891, michael was 27,
hugh vi was 25, patrick was
22 and john was 17. the oldest three sons left between c. 1892 and c.
1900, with michael being first going to australia, hugh vi second going
to america and patrick the last to leave, joining the british army.
john
the youngest, stayed on sheskin. a very defining moment in our irish
family history. 
townlands of my four irish families, all in the  barony of
drumahaire 
in north leitrim, 
connacht:  

the mctiernan family came from the townland of  sheskin,  killarga
civil parish
the carney family came from the townland of 
carrigeencor,  drumlease civil parish
the mcgreal family came from the townland of 
lisfuiltaghan,  inishmagrath civil parish
the byrne family came from the townland of 
drumrewey,  inishmagrath civil parish

this web page shows the distance
from the four townlands to each other and local sites. the men in
the
four irish families apparently were really smart. not only did they
pick the best looking girls in the area but they lived within eight or
nine miles of them. so after a hard day working in the fields tending
cows it was
not too exhausting to walk seven or eight miles to see her.

 
 throughout mctiernan history our name is spelled with and without
the letter "i", sometimes mac instead of mc. the american's and
the australian's added the "i" while in ireland it was left
out. as in most cases in ireland, the family surname is spelled in
different ways. 
additional links to irish home pages: the 1790 paper on  defenderism in county
leitrim, elishimorta,
being the defender's password. german and french village maps
are also included. the 
potato  was
very important, as one of the underlying major causes of emigration for
all eight families. 
in 1752, during hugh mcternan ii's lifetime, the calendar was
changed dropping
11 days during september and 11 people were killed in riots in london
as
they thought companies were going to cheat them out of 11 days pay. in
the
liverpool riots many people died as they believed their lives
shortened. 

this is . . . . . 
the european side
    
nearly one and three quarters of a century has passed since
revolutionary tremors began to shake down the worm eaten structure of
the european empires. in this time, events have taken on the
glaze
if icons. our immigrant ancestors somehow gleam in the histories
like varnished frescoes, to me they are heroic in scope turned into
gods or perhaps devils but never just mere mortals. 

two of my eight families are german, one is french and one is of
the hapsburg-austrian
empire. these four families all immigrated separately to america
between
1848 and 1856. later in history about 1918 well after the lucash family
emigrated,
prague  reverted
from bohemia,
hapsburg-austrian
empire to bohemia, czechoslovakia. if you draw a horizontal line right
through
the middle of germany and bohemia, our ancestors lived below that line
and
their language was therefore high german.  as an
example, there were three general streams of german immigration to
pennsylvania between the years 1683 and 1775. the first, in 1683, led
to the founding of germantown [philadelphia suburb] and up to the
coming of the swiss mennonites in 1710; the second from 1710 to 1727,
when official statistics began to be published; the third period
extended to the outbreak of the revolutionary war, when all immigration
ceased for the time being. the emigration of the real palatines belongs
particularly to the third period.  the previous german immigration
information supplied by steve friess.   
the german family names of fries and bender seem to have just one
spelling but the lucash and our french family name of blaies are
spelled differently throughout history. the lucash name is spelled
lukáše in bohemia. the s in lukáše has a scaron
accent mark that i cannot duplicate in html. it is a figure <
directly over the "s" but pointed down not to the left. the american,
nicholas blaes and his descendants in america have dropped the letter "i"
from the original blaies name. 
the four european families are connected as follows: konradus
fries, 1834--1897
married barbara lucash,
 1840--1924.
their
son, adolph fries, 
1879--1945, married anne
blaies,
 1879--1948. anne's parents were jean
michael blaies,  1822--1902 and theresia
bender,  1833--1898. adolph fries, 1879--1945 and anne blaies,
1879--1948, my maternal grandparents were married
(photo)  at st. peter's in belleville, st. clair co, il in
1900. the european side is connected to the irish side via my mother,
florence fries, 1911--2000, the daughter of adolph fries and anne
blaies, the granddaughter of theresa bender and barbara lucash.
florence or flo as mickey called her married john [mickey]
mctiernan, 1901--1989 on october 5, 1940 in st. louis, mo. 
the deep history of these four european families goes back over 450
years,
fifteen generations to the first half of the 16th century, to c. 1545.
the
earliest known maternal fries ancestor, michael eck, c.1545--, was born
about ninety years or three generations after the end of the middle
ages. the byzantine empire founded by constantine the great in 330 ad
was defeated
at constantinople by the turks on may 29, 1453. the defeat of the
byzantine
empire is viewed historically as marking the end of that empire and the
end of the middle ages. 
 during those 450 years, one or more of our four families lived
under french,
german, swedish, hapsburg-austrian empire and american rule. our early
european
ancestors had to deal with charles xii of sweden who conquered and
ruled
much of europe during the 1600s. all of our four families emigrated
from
germany, the hapsburg-austrian empire and france to america between
1848
and 1856. one of two ancestors from our bender family, juliana viktoria
reiss, nee
metzger,
my generation's 6th cousin two generations removed immigrated to south
america
in 1852. other bender ancestors immigrated north to russia and
east to serbia.

 our bender family has more historical information than do the other
three families from europe with an extraordinary amount of history on
our
ancestors, twelve of which served and were wounded or killed in russia
in napoleon's
invasion of that country. two of our fries ancestors were
killed in spain during napoleon's invasion of that country. this is
based on the great deal of
information
that judy lindenfelser found on our bender ancestors, over 200 of whom
played a part in the history of all the great german wars starting with
napoleon's invasion. 
 one of the historical ironies of life is that several of our bender
ancestors died invading russia helping at least to write the military
history of europe. way back in the early days all invading armies had
to wait till the grass had come up in late spring before they started
their invasion de
jour. said a different way, no grass no horse, no horse no calvary, no
calvary no army. calvary was the eyes and ears of any invading army and
were
needed to know what you were getting into. obviously a calvary man
rides
a horse and in order for his horse to eat they had to wait for the
grass
to start growing. this meant that every invading army on the way into
russia
came through just when you were doing the spring planting which would
see
you through the following winter. in the fall at harvest time that
invading
army was returning from the invasion before the grass died and
therefore
their horses. the farmer, our bender ancestor was trying to plant and
harvest
crops while this was going on all around him. one stressful job. 
 this grass / horse problem is one reason why the invading huns who
invaded from the east never got past vienna further into western
europe. they were a horse people that ran out of time. when the grass
started to die in the fall they turned around and went home till the
following year. russia early on had figured out the code which was that
all invading armies intend to live off the land as they invade not only
for their horses but for the soldiers also. sort of fight and eat as
you go. 
 russia invented the scorched earth policy on a large scale. as an
army invades, everyone runs and hides but before they do they set fire
to
everything including pasture and crops. so the invading army ends up
neither fighting nor eating for some 2000 miles and the famous don
cossacks
attack the 2000 mile long supply line. hence the lesson for napoleon
invading russia with 500,000 men and getting out with only 85,000
men.
one hard lesson but the germans also made the same mistake as did
charles
xii of sweden in his invasion that predates napoleon. 

they all fought
russia's
two best generals, general distance and general weather. they caught
napoleon
2000 miles inside of russia in moscow with a failed supply line in the
fall
as the first light snow started to come down. hence the reason for only
85,000 getting out, one of our bender ancestors who fought in
this
invasion of russia was johann wagner, the husband of my bender
generation's 3rd
cousin five generations removed. in just one of the 8 families, the
benders,
this list of our ancestors killed in war is stunning. the below gross
numbers are listed in detail at http://mctiernan.com/bwardead.htm

here are the totals for our bender ancestors who served or were
killed in the many wars, some in far off mysterious places in russia
and france that at the time, a hard working german farmer might have
had trouble pronouncing. the key here is to remember that our bender
ancestors or their spouses all came
from the small village of rettigheim or its neighboring villages







our bender
ancestors or their
spouses that served in or died in the german wars 
from the village of
rettigheim and neighboring villages



the
german wars 
total
bender
total ancestors or spouses that served in the war 


uprising of
german knights
1522
- 1523





german
peasants war 1524 -
1525





turks lay
siege to vienna -
1529





thirty
years war 1618 - 1648






repulsion
of the 2nd turkish
attack on vienna 1683





silesian
wars between prussia
& austria 1740 - 1745





the seven
years war, prussia
against austria, russia, france and sweden 1756 - 1763





prussia's
rise to power, 1793 - 1807 & partitions of poland

1



napoleon's
invasion of russia 1812


12




post
napoleon era

1



german 1848
revolution [starts in 1844]

6



american
civil war 1861 - 1865

6 



austro-prussian
war of 1866 
 1



franco-prussian
war of 1870 
3 



the great
war 1914 - 1918 
78



ww ii 1939
- 1947 
134



total bender ancestors 
242 





the final destinations in america for all our emigrant ancestors
from europe are known except four of the fries family, georgius michael
fries, 1793-->1848, his wife cristina deppisch and two of the fries'
daughters. while the records show them leaving germany in 1848, there
is no trace of them in america or illinois as yet. georgius and
cristina fries' other three children, marie
whitmeier, nee fries, konradus fries and justine becker, nee
fries settled in belleville, illinois. 
 as of 2002, the fries paternal line goes back for thirteen
generations to 1580. the fries maternal line goes back fourteen
generations to c. 1545. the lucash family line goes back nine
generations to c. 1763 on the paternal side and 10 generations on the
maternal side. the blaies paternal
family line goes back 12 generations to c. 1645 and the maternal blaies
line goes back fourteen generations to c. 1595. the bender family
history
goes back 15 generations, to c. 1585. 
while most of our european ancestors were farmers, some were inn
keepers, shoemakers, town judges, smiths, day laborers, mayors,
postmasters and one was a horse trader. a few died of the black plague
and several were killed in the many european wars. four of our
immigrant ancestors fought in the union army in the american civil war.
none of our ancestors fought with the confederacy. 
our four families came from the following areas of europe: 

the fries family came from bavaria, from the village of
strüth in the parish of röttingen, about fifteen miles south
of the city of würzburg, bavaria. before immigrating to
belleville, il in 1848, the fries family first moved about twenty miles
from  strüth, 
bavaria to kützbrunn,
 baden and stayed for several
generations.
the lucash family came from the area of  prague, 
specifically the nearby village of manetin, bohemia, hapsburg-austrian
empire leaving in 1852 and arriving in freeburg, il in 1853.
the blaies family emigrated from the village of  petit-tenquin  and
diffembach before that,
in the parish of hellimer, thirty miles from the city of metz in the
state (department) of moselle, in the lorraine region of ne france.
immigrating in 1852 first to the arnold, mo area then to mascoutah, il
in 1864.
the bender family came from baden, germany, from the village of rettigheim
in the parish of malsch, about fifteen miles south
of heidleberg. the family first resettled about seven miles from
rettigheim, baden to the village of mühlhausen,
;
baden before
emigrating
to the st. louis, mo area between 1848 and 1856 and then to the
mascoutah and o'fallon, il area. others in our bender line
settled in the highland, il area.


  
 on the my maternal european side i descend from tara, more
specifically the subgroup t4,
who was one of
the  7 european daughters
of
eve. even though i am a male mctiernan, my mother was a
fries and her mother
was a blaies and her mother was a bender so i have their mtdna but my
children would not. the mtdna is passed down maternally not paternally
so they would have their mother's mtdna not mine. this maternal mtdna
tracking is explained at 
http://mctiernan.com/mtdna.htm.   
traveling
from
europe to america,
never having seen the ocean should have been quite a thrill. 2.1.2.2.3.1.1.1. 
elisabeth fellhauer, nee förderer holds the known record
taking 96 days to cross the atlantic in 1846. 
our european ancestors arrived in america right before the start of
the civil war. they only spoke german and french and most likely were
very nervous about their neighbor, abe lincoln living down the road in
springfield, il talking about war. members of the lucash, blaies,
bender and fries families fought in the american civil war on the side
of the union. jean michel blaies, 1823--1902, was a 2nd lieutenant in
company h, in the 80th regiment of the enrolled missouri militia of
jefferson county, missouri. his brother-in-law, wendel bender was a 1st
lieutenant in the same army unit. john lucash sr. 1844--1925, fought in
co. "g", 43rd reg't, illinois infantry. 
konradus fries, 1834--1897, was a private in company b, 149th
illinois infantry and was discharged in dalton, ga. he died at the
soldiers and sailor's home in quincy, il. his great grandson [myself]
went to college for four years and graduated from quincy university in
quincy, il sixty eight years later without knowing at the time that he
died there. 
the european political upheaval of 1848 was one of the
major root causes of our european ancestor's emigration. their known
life in europe seems to be a less romantic one and was most likely a
harder game to survive than my irish ancestors had. the europeans had
to plow, plant and harvest crops to eat as well as keep an eye out for
this year's invading army while the irish had to watch the cows, get
the
milk and watch the british army. 
all our european ancestors came over between 1848 and 1856 ending up
in the greater st. louis, missouri and east st. louis, illinois area.
in 1890, st. louis was the 4th largest city in america. nyc, chicago
and philadelphia were the first three. that general area had about 10 %
of the german population of the united states. the german social
structure at the time dictated that the germans arriving after 1848
were called "the greens" and the ones arriving before 1848 were called
"the grays." 
our two german ancestor lines were part of "the greens". most were
very anti slavery and on the side of the republicans at the time. jean
michel blaies, 1823--1902, our french ancestor, may have changed his
first name to mickael due to the extensive german influence in the st.
louis, mo and st. claire co, il area. mickael's daughter, my
grandmother anne fries,
nee
blaies, spoke german at home to her husband, adolph
fries when they
did not want the kids to know what they were talking about. 
all of the family arms
 used in
the separate histories belong to that specific family name. each coat
of
arms and crest is from the same general geographic area as one of my
eight families except the lucash family coat of arms and crest which
family
seat is located in the ukraine. with the exception of the  sheskin mcternan armorial arms,
 as yet,
no valid connection or possession via the right of armiger has been
made
between any of my family and any of the other seven armorial coat of
arms
or crests. the 16 great
great great
grandparents  of my two children.
in st. louis, my family like many irish went into politics. lincoln
steffens devoted a whole chapter in his 1904 book, "shame of the
cities" to the st. louis political machine run by ed butler  called "the
combine". the immigrant
irish politician found the poor their best audience. they had two
characteristics that were needed at the time. first they would listen
and second they would vote often. usually in st. louis politics that
meant several times in the same election. 
 while my eight immigrant families may have been mostly concerned
about where their next meal was coming from and how to survive in a new
country, the age old question in gaelic, arbh fiu aithne air no
uuirth? [was he or she worth knowing?] has been answered by
their accomplishments, what they have lived through, the obstacles they
overcame and a clear
understanding of what they
left us, echoing down the wind. 
the other question is what might the future hold for the descendants
of the 8 families? what events might be in store for us, our
children and our grandchildren? the natives in africa have a great
saying when someone asks them what might happen in the future, as in:
when will the rains come or when will the hunting be better? they
always reply to this type of open ended unanswerable question with this
phrase passed down for centuries, "any time from now". 

this abstract is made available to further any effort to find
historical information on any of the eight families. if you think you
are connected directly or by marriage please email me and i will send
you a hard copy of the full history. this is a hobby with me so there
is no cost to you. i would hope you would share any information on any
individuals in our family that you might have. if you would like a link
to your web home page from mine please let me know. 
many individuals have helped me in gathering the information on all
the family histories. bridget sullivan of the leitrim heritage centre
in ballinamore, county leitrim was especially helpful on the irish
side. the 5 inch history of the bender family is only possible
due to judy linnenfelser efforts. 

below are home page links to other web sites that have great
information to help in the search. 

mactiernan / mcternan / mctiernan specifics 

the new y chromosome dna test 
shows 137 mactighernans in  20 different genetic groups or
septs
from 13 countries and 5 continents with almost all originating
from the co leitrim, co
sligo and co cavan area. 
eoghan mctiernan's extensive family
web site is at http://www.e.mctiernan.btinternet.co.uk/welcome.html
who is in the baseline of
the t3 dna group.
the maternal  mtdna
test
results showing maternal descent from tara, more specifically
the t4 subgroup, one of the 7
daughters of eve. 
the mcternan / mctiernan  clan web page

rev. stephen mcternan's "copybook": 
finding it is the key for all mcternans / mctiernans
in
north leitrim. also, james mcternan, --1856, the first of the
mount allen mcternans of  mountallen
townland, kilronan parish, barony of boyle, co roscommon,
[po is drumshanbo, co leitrim] to settle at heapstown, co sligo was the
authur of a pamphlet entitled  "an address to my fellow
countrymen",
in which he wrote of his descent from tiernan o'rourke, prince of
breffni.
[found by john c. mcternan]
the mcternans of "killargue"

by john c. mcternan
a 14 th century poem
on mctiernans 
(not necessarily from sheskin)

bernard mcternan,  the sligo
champion

the irish 1911 census:  http://www.census.nationalarchives.ie/


the mctiernans / mcternans mcgrails of killarga
inishmagrath
parish, co. leitrim in the census
of ireland, 1901 

 
sir edward mctiernan, kbe, 
chief justice
of the australian high court with a dead sheep on his head. [t3 dna
group]

 
 co leitrim specifics 

 database
 search of surnames and townlands in co leitrim griffith's
valuadation. 

list of mactighernans and townlands from the 1847 - 1864 griffith's valuations .

inishmagrath parish
townlands 
drumlease parish
townlands 
killargue parish
townlands 
the killargue catholic parish townlands
and their meanings by padraic cullen
the killargue catholic
parish historical
sites  by padraic cullen
the map 
of the
townlands in killargue catholic parish by padraic cullen
a listing of mcternan / carney / byrne graves  in and around
killargue and the
barony of drumahaire.
the
diocese of elphin map 
dioceses 
based on the five
baronies of county leitrim
probate districts
 based on
plus of county leitrim
drumkeeran,
co
leitrim  john flynn's home page with music
placenames
of co leitrim

co
leitrim genealogical services 
defenderism in
leitrim during
the 1790s  in co leitrim (1st half)
defenderism in
leitrim during
the 1790s  in co leitrim (2nd half)
defenderism in
leitrim during
the 1790s  in co leitrim (3rd half)
local ireland
home page  for co leitrim


related family's specifics 

 a clan
web
page for the mcgreal / mcgrail families
greg mcgrail's web
page,  my 3rd cousin one generation removed. 
a map of the townland
of lisfuiltaghan,
origins of my mcgrail family.
o'rourke
home page 
macdermot clan home page 


sites around and nearby co leitrim. 

 killeshandra,
     co cavan home page
 the national archives
of
ireland
 national library of ireland 

 valuation office 
 registry
of deeds services
 the public record office
of
northern ireland 
 co
leitrim public library 
co
sligo
public library 
 co
roscommon public library 


ireland specifics 

 the 
ric home page 
remarkable site. a searchable  data base,  of british irish war
dead in the great war and w.w.ii.
 a reference web site to the area of breifne, http://www.breifnehistory.com/


a great new web site courtesy of john hunter:
http://www.geograph.org.uk/explore/places/2/ie-14/ that offers photos
of ireland taken by anyone.

emigration specifics 

 ellis island
wall
of honor 
irish family naming
convention 


manorial specifics 

 coats
of arms
in ireland by eddie geoghegan
manorial society of
great britain
the family achievements:  here are eight family arms for the
bender fanily complied by john lehman.  in case you should want to
buy one for your own use his contact info is here.  owner of
coadb.com info@coadb.com cell:
313-405-6913 43452 leelanau dr.sterling heights, mi 48314  https://coadb.com/surnames/bender-arms.html


 oscar wilde's last words on his death bed a minute before he
died
in
a flea bag hotel in paris were, "either the wallpaper goes or i do". he
left and the wallpaper stayed. 
 
 
st.
claire
co. il usa genealogy society  
st.
louis, mo usa genealogy page 


others like us, looking . . . . 
searching for links
and web pages
to
other mctiernan / mcternan families ? 
searching for links
and web pages
to
other carney / kearney families ? 
searching for links
and web pages
to
other mcgreal / mcgrail families ? 
searching for links
and web pages
to
other beirne / bryne / byrne families ? 
searching for links
and web pages
to
other fries families ? 
searching for links
and web pages
to
other lucash families ? 
searching for links
and web pages
to
other blaies / blaes families ? 
searching for links
and web pages
to
other bender families ? 

  michael mctiernan 
the gaelic saying arbh fhiu aithne a chur air? is pronounced
erv you
anna hur err 
n40 03' 05.5" 
w75 24' 13.5" 


 
 


  michael mctiernan
 click here to
send
e-mail
michael@mctiernan.com 

return
to the
beginning  





