








white mountain art & artists | an educational site devoted to the 19th century art of the white mountains of new hampshire







































 







white mountain art & artists
an educational site devoted to the 19th century art of the white mountains of new hampshire


menu
skip to content
about
artists
subjects
contact
 






about


site revision february 16, 2025
the old man of the mountain and profile lake by david johnson
this is an educational site
welcome to our website devoted to white mountain art and to the artists who painted in the white mountains of new hampshire during the 19th century. the purpose of this site is strictly educational and non-commercial. we do not accept advertising, and we only support external links to non-profits and other educational sites. our goal is to share information with others who have an interest in white mountain art. we encourage you to share the information we have on our site with others, and please register.
site navigation
you can navigate our site using just two links from the menu at the top of every page — artists and subjects.
the artists listed are those who painted in the white mountains of new hampshire during the 19th century. every artist listed has a biography. simply click on the artist’s name for the biography. many of the artists have a virtual gallery of their white mountain paintings. if so, their name is followed by a gallery link. click on this link to see the gallery.
the paintings are also organized by scenes within the white mountains. simply click on subjects, which are further segmented by subcategories like ‘lakes’ or ‘mountains.’ to see the images of mount washington, click on subjects, then mountains, then mount washington.
more information
for more detailed information on navigating our site and further details, just use help.









 
additional linkswhat’s new
history
all white mountain art paintings
all white mountain art sketches
annotated topographical features
painting comparisons
photo comparisons
sketch comparisons
exhibitions
educational resources
bibliography
conditions of use
visitor supplied information
acknowledgments
registration
sitemap
help
site search

search for:



27544 




            website concept, design, and implementation by john j. henderson. website content and research by john j. henderson and roger e. belson.copyright © 1999-2025 john j. henderson and roger e. belson. all rights reserved.

		












