

heavy sports- armwrestling, bodybuilding, powerlifting, fitness, strongman, 












strength training 
for athletic success and a healthier lifestyle

 





check out the great $$ savings 
on heavy grips hand-grippers and
heavy handle dumbbells at    www.heavygrips.com  



 


 























 
 health 
links






















welcome to heavy sports.com -- heavy sports inc. is dedicated to helping all athletes increase their strength to better their sports performance and live a healthier lifestyle. in addition to innovative strength products, we have the best links for various strength related sports. 
heavy sports inc. is dedicated to helping all 
athletes achieve greater success through our links and strength training 
resources as well as our unique fitness products that will help athletes build 
stronger fingers, wrist, hand and forearm muscles.  


for the hard-core strength athlete,
heavysports.com will continue to offer a wide range of  resources 
for all  athletes interested
in power and strength sports that require
lifting, pushing, pulling, dragging and believe in pushing themselves physically
to the utter limit......and beyond..... whether
it's with weights, logs, rocks or flipping cars. we also have great links to 
fitness sites that have fantastic information on diet and fitness as well as 
supplement reviews and much more. 

click on any of the buttons in the left column to go to 
the best sites on the heavy sport you're interested in. we've done the searching for you for quick
access to the best power and strength related pages on the net.
 



coming soon! new therapy and 
fitness series hand grippers ! these innovative new handgrips range in strength from 
10inch-lbs to 100inch-lbs and are smaller and lighter than our heavy grips. 
perfect for stroke and heart attack victims, paralysis therapy, grip therapy, 
arthritis, youth athletes and much more. 




get huge arms with huge savings on the heavy handle™ dumbells!
 only $19.95 each or 2 for $29.95 
. the innovative new heavy handle™ dumbbell

this innovative dumbbell with it's unique 
patent-pending design will allow you to add a totally innovative exercise 
routine to your current training regimen. by changing the weight to either of 
the two weight shafts, you change the angle of resistance which allows you to 
target the muscle group you are working on in a totally new way. 

visit www.heavyhandle.com for more 
information.

 




the 
heavy grips™ hand grippers 
if you want to build huge freaky forearms 
and crushing grip strength, these super handgrippers are the ultimate training 
tool. they are available in 50 lb increments from 100lbs to 350lbs so you can 
train your grip like any other bodypart--with low repetitions, negatives and 
forced reps. 
click here for more information on the 
heavy grips

 


the 
heavy grips hand-grippers and heavy handle dumbbells 
will help you get in the best shape
of your life!!


check out the great deals on unique 
strength training equipment at



www.heavygrips.com
and 

www.heavyhandle.com  
!!

 



inspirational story:
see  how  
part-time firefighter ray herbert lost 110lbs and kept it off for over 7 years.

ray has competed in the fireman combat challenge's.
 
 


 


visit 
www.ironcompany.com
for a wide range of fitness equipment. 




 



heavy sports is proud to introduce the innovative 
new heavy handle™ dumbbell
this innovative dumbbell with it's unique 
patent-pending design will allow you to add a totally innovative exercise 
routine to your current training regimen. by changing the weight to either of 
the two weight shafts, you change the angle of resistance which allows you to 
target the muscle group you are working on in a totally new way. 
       
visit www.heavyhandle.com for more 
information.
 






check out the reviews of our heavy grips™ hand grips by the readers at 
testosterone magazine.

 



develop crushing grip 
strength and huge forearms with these high quality super handgrippers.  
click here for current pricing. 
www.heavygrips.com
 lifetime warranty!!!



 



 











            












              












          











 
copyright©  heavy sports inc. all rights reserved.
 
 
