







sweet factory






















































                home
              



                locations
              



                contact us
              















                home
              



                locations
              



                contact us
              




















treat yourself and treat others america's favorite candy store

 

if you have visited one of our many candy store locations, you know why the sweet factory is america’s favorite candy store. from unique candies from all over the world to nostalgic collectibles, we offer a wide variety at a one-price format.

  













locationstreat yourself or treat others. visit one of our many sweet factory locations near you!see all locations →















franchisingowning a sweet factory franchise can provide you with an exciting and rewarding business opportunity.inquire at: john@sweetfactory.com

 











about usas the premier candy store brand in the nation, sweet factory has offered the unique candy store experience for millions of customers for over 20 years. we have the best selection of the most in-demand candies, including bulk, counter goods, candy-related gifts, sugar-free, and kosher products. every sweet factory associate is a candy expert fully prepared to offer product information, suggest gifts.from unique candies from all over the world to nostalgic collectibles, we offer a wide variety at a one-price format - truly delivering the "kid in a candy store" experience.
































back to top
sweet factory, 2100 west orangewood avenue, orange, ca, 92868, united states


sweet factory2100 w. orangewood ave #140orange, ca 92868



infohomelocations


©2018 tru franchise, llc. all rights reserverd. note: this website and the franchise sales information on this site are not an offer to sell a franchise. the offer of a franchise can be made only through the delivery of a franchise disclosure document to you and in your state if we are first registered, filed, excluded, exempted or otherwise qualified to offer franchises in your state. certain states require that we register the franchise disclosure document in those states. the communications on this website are not directed by us to the residents of any of those states. follow-up or individualized responses to you that involve either effecting or attempting to effect the sale of a franchise will be made only if we are first in compliance with state registration or notice filing requirements or are covered by an applicable state exclusion or exemption.

the following states regulate the offer and sale of franchises: 

california, florida, hawaii, illinois, indiana, kentucky, maryland, michigan, minnesota, nebraska, new york, north dakota, rhode island, south dakota, texas, utah, virginia, washington and wisconsin. if you reside, plan to operate or will communicate about the franchise in one of these states, you may have certain rights under applicable franchise laws or regulations.

note: this advertisement is not an offering. an offering can only be made by a prospectus filed first with the department of law of the state of new york. such filing does not constitute approval by the department of law. 









