











purdue pharma









































































restructure
about purdue

ethics and compliance
locations & operations
public policies


news & media

perspectives
stories
media contact


careers at purdue

what we offer you
how to apply


contact us


  
 
 










healthcare professionals

purdue products
patient savings
ask purdue medical
responsible use of opioids
clinical trials
investigator initiated research
collaborative research


patients & caregivers

medicines from purdue
cost savings
ask purdue medical
responsible use of opioids
expanded access program


addressing the crisis

public health initiatives
public policies
perspectives


partnering
corporate social responsibility

grants & giving
case studies


 





select page


  
 



 



 











restructure informationpurdue pharma’s bankruptcy case was heard before the supreme court of the united states in december 2023. in june 2024, the court voted 5-4 against third-party releases contained in the plan of reorganization. the decision does nothing to deter us from the twin goals of using settlement dollars for opioid abatement and turning the company into an engine for good. purdue continues to work tirelessly with creditors to reach a new settlement that delivers billions of dollars of value for opioid abatement and allows the company to emerge from bankruptcy as a company with a public-minded mission. the supreme court’s decision does not affect purdue’s operational stability or our ability to produce medications safely and effectively. we continue to operate fully, honoring our existing relationships and meeting our obligations to our partners and customers. the company will continue serving patients who rely on our medicines, and working to introduce new medicines that will help save and improve lives.
click here to learn more

 
 
 







 patient-first approach in developing medicines
learn more
 

 
 





here to answer your questions
learn more
 

 
 





the things we care about
learn more
 

 
 





join our team
learn more
 

 
 





committed to supporting compassionate care
learn more
 

 
 
 
 
 



recent news
 
 
 







new study explores nalmefene and naloxone for reversal of respiratory depression induced by fentanyl in a clinical opioid induced respiratory depression model

findings help build better understanding of the effectiveness of nalmefene in today’s opioid overdose environment stamford, conn., oct. 28, 2024 – purdue pharma l.p. (“purdue”) today announced the… 
 

 
 
 
 
 






study examining use of nalmefene hci injection for opioid overdose reversal in emergency departments concludes observational period

stamford, conn., sept. 30, 2024 – purdue pharma has completed the first phase of a study examining the use of nalmefene hydrochloride (hci) injection in real-world emergency department (ed)… 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 


more news

 
 


 
 








nikki’s house: supporting women in recoveryin 2017, nicole wesley, md, mba, mha, lost her father to congestive heart failure. when she inherited his home in warren, ohio, nicole knew she could do something special with it. five months later, nikki’s house – a recovery home for women healing from substance use disorder – opened its doors to the first two women. five years later, nikki’s house has given approximately 250 women the opportunity to live sober lives.
read more
 

 
 





move together, heal togetherethan hershman has been in recovery from substance use disorder for 28 years. while he’s never once relapsed, he’s seen his fair share of people who haven’t been as fortunate and, in many tragic cases, have lost their lives. he finally asked himself, “why?”
read more
 

 
 





renewal house: keeping families together and creating bright futures for women and childrenmothers seeking treatment for substance use disorder often must choose between taking care of their children and taking care of themselves. renewal house is offering mothers in middle tennessee a different option – one where they don’t have to choose.
read more
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 



terms & conditions
 
location & operations
 
 

contact us
 
report an adverse event
 
 

ask purdue medical
 
do not sell my information
 
 

ethics & compliance
 
site map
 
 

patient savings program
 
purdue privacy policy/data rights request
 
 
 
  


 
 
 




 


purdue, as used in this site, refers to purdue pharma l.p. and its subsidiaries, which include imbrium therapeutics l.p., adlon therapeutics l.p., greenfield bioventures l.p., rhodes pharmaceuticals l.p., and purdue pharmaceuticals l.p.  

 
 
 







×




continue to external site
remain on this site























privacy policy updatesplease read carefully the purdue pharma l.p. privacy policy (the “privacy policy”), which is part of the purdue pharma l.p. terms and conditions, before you access, download, or otherwise use any of our websites, related other parties’ websites, mobile applications, or any electronic service (collectively, the “service”). this privacy policy describes the information collected through your use of the service, how we use it, how we share it, how we protect it, and the choices you can make about your information.











