




 




interstate lab group - wholesale optical lab serving optical professionals































call us now






































home



											company										



																		contact us																	



																		we care																	



																		newsletter																	



																		career opportunities																	



																		hipaa																	



																		order supplies																	





											document center										



											products										



																		lenses & treatments																	



																		frames & optical supplies																	



																		frame quick ref																	



																		displays & furniture																	



																		simplified ordering packages																	



																		in house technology																	



																		managed care																	



																		videos																	



																		photos																	



																		new products																	





											services										



																		register and login																	



																		most valued services																	



																		educational classes																	



																		direct rx service																	



																		frame club																	



																		wrap answer hotline																	



																		ultimate warranty																	



																		partnership rewards portal																	



																		online ordering & remote support																	



																		online payments																	



																		job checking																	





											why interstate										



																		announcements																	



																		the customer experience																	



																		affiliations																	



																		customer feedback																	



																		our team																	



								management							



								staff							





																		faq																	



																		new account setup																	



																		news & events																	



































ph:  800-467-2545
ph:  317-890-0548
fx:  317-881-6950




gk optical, inc.
									indianapolis lab
									2902 mitthoeffer place
									indianapolis, indiana 46229
								

hours: monday - friday 8:00 am - 5:00 pm


gk optical has been proudly serving eye care professionals in indiana since 1972. gk operates within the interstate lab group production laboratory in indianapolis with state-of-the-art all-digital equipment, advanced finishing capabilities and an on-site anti-reflection lab with full crizal and mirror coating.  “at gk our goal is to partner with our clients to provide them with value-added and cost-effective solutions resulting in happy patients”.  gk is a vsp and eyemed approved laboratory and produces all the latest products from essilor, shamir, kodak and many others.


 




















ph: 800-472-5790
ph: 419-529-6800
fx: 800-342-4136
fx: 419-529-6801
								



interstate - ohio
									680 lindaire lane
									ontario, oh 
									44906
								

hours: monday - friday 8:00 am - 5:00              
							pm


 


 




















ph:  800-564-5546
fx:  800-834-5214





interstate - indiana
									2902 mitthoeffer place
									indianapolis, indiana 46229
								

hours: monday - friday 8:00 am - 5:00  pm


 






































job checking


quick ref


remote help


frame lines


order supplies
















log in
register




 please enter email 

 please enter password 
  hide password 
  show password 





forgot password?
register for access









welcome



welcome to
interstate lab group

the interstate lab group is a full-service production laboratory with locations in ontario, ohio and indianapolis, indiana.  both labs utilize fully-digital production with advanced finishing capabilities and anti-reflection labs.
interstate optical was founded in 1977 by entrepreneur raymond art sr. with roots as an optical sales rep, having personally experienced the daily needs of his customers, ray’s goal was to start a laboratory that put quality first and was passionate about serving the needs of its customers.
in 2008, interstate partnered with essilor to be able to provide their advanced technology and products, while maintaining their family business culture. in 2011, indiana-based lab, gk optical, merged with interstate, and in 2018, another indiana-based laboratory, lenstech optical was added, forming the interstate lab group.  now operating simply as interstate ohio and interstate indy, interstate continues to operate with the same founding principles, under the guidance of ray’s sons john and rob art, and grandson and namesake raymond art.  
our goal is to prove to you that the interstate lab group is your best supporting partner to help drive your success. 
thank you for that opportunity!




destination satisfaction


our mission is to produce impeccable quality eyewear combined with the services and resources that make our customer's day-to-day lives easier 
our vision is to be the most valued and best lab in the country
our values : courtesy, respect, honesty, teamwork, sincerity, professionalism, communication, innovation and consistency






customer feedback





									i am very happy with the quality work i get from [interstate optical] and the wonderful help from customer service!
								
dr. deborah signorino, bryn mawr, pa
more



									your company made my life as a practicing optometrist so much easier! it has been an honor to partner with you. thank you for the many years of wonderful service.  
...								
iris l. flores, o.d.
more



									my name is rhonnie kammeyer and i am the office manager and frame buyer for the family-owned eye practice, eyes on main.
 
we are located in the small town of dayton, tn, in south east tn. the practice opened in 2005, after our daughter, dr. nicole kammeyer graduated from the ohio state university, college of optometry, in columbus, ohio. ni...								
eyes on main, dayton, tn
more



									i want to let you know what a great job your lab did on the glasses for two of our patients.  one was an older patient that has always been very critical of his glasses and our optician was so nervous about having to dispense them.  the glasses came back perfect and the patient had nothing but good things to say about the fit, the lenses ...								
family vision care, marion ohio
more



									i have been so very pleased with the job you have done on the children’s sunglasses.  we recently obtained a grant to purchase specialized tinted glasses for children who have low vision or who are legally blind.  your lab has done an excellent job with the accuracy of lens prescription and tints.   thank you so very much....								
cheryl r., o.d., low vision services
more



									your customer service team is always very helpful and willing to go the extra step. they’re always cheerful and happy to answer my questions, which is very much appreciated. furthermore, they help sort any issues that i may have created. just recently, rachael helped out with a chem clip job and took the extra time and care to make sure that ...								
vince, mid ohio eye
more



									i had an insurance job i had to order from another lab but it looked terrible.  it was so bad i couldn’t give it to my patient so i sent it to you because your high minus rx’s always look great. the patient was very happy! thank you!
								
barb, dr. antionette botti, somerset, pa
more



									just a word of thanks to interstate optical for offering direct rx service! as an optician in an extremely busy practice, i find this service to be of great value! just one call or simply selecting dirx to our on line order saves both time & money! their exceptional customer service provides us with immediate updates should a frame be on backor...								
michelle h., dr. jeff rice & dr. slade galloway
more



									i believe the varilux s series (especially the 4d) is the most sophisticated design on the market today. it performs as promised; i have had no refits, no remakes, no customer satisfaction issues. extremely “comfortable” visual experience compared to other progressive addition lenses. i personally wear them and love them. i have several...								
jeff r., the ohio state university school of optometry
more



									we have used interstate optical mansfield for several years. they have always provided exemplary customer service, going that extra step to help us provide our patients the best product to meet their optical needs. we would highly recommend interstate to any practice looking for quality products and excellent customer service!
								
connie z., comprehensive eyecare of central ohio, westerville, oh
more



									interstate optical is definitely our lab of choice. we are a very busy office and interstate's customer service is exceptional in friendliness, professionalism, helpfulness and follow-through. the quality control manager goes above and beyond to help us with any questions or problems and always responds in a timely manner. he is very much appre...								
jan s., dr. thomas kelly, inc., bay village, oh
more



									i love the interstate intellego 3 lenses! i have worn several different progressives & this is the 1st pair i just put on & had no trouble with.
								
kristin, valley city vision, valley city, oh
more



									interstate optical has been my lab since day one and i’ve always felt they are looking out for me. that feeling was confirmed when they recently introduced the frame club. as an independent [ecp], i’ve been challenged to find new profitable ways to enhance the income of my practice. third-party really cuts into my margins and i sometime...								
dr. "k", plymouth, in
more



									for 36 uninterrupted years i have used interstate optical as my sole lab of choice to provide my patients the best optical quality lenses on the planet. their quality workmanship shines on not only the “easy” jobs but on the really difficult extreme rx’s. our relationship is more of a partnership and they understand what i want an...								
dr. steve mather, lafayette, in
more



									just a note to tell you how much i appreciate the crew at interstate optical in indianapolis. when we call the lab, the telephone greeting is always friendly, and the answers to questions or solutions to problems are always prompt and accurate. the professionalism and courtesy of your indiana sales team is second to none, as is bob, [your quality c...								
gordon r. boyd, od, crawfordsville, in
more



									interstate is the best lab we have ever worked with. it is refreshing to work with a company with such great customer service in today's business environment.
								
dr. david fullenkamp, portland, in
more



									as a private practice optometrist with 30 years of doing business with interstate optical, i appreciate their great service, superior quality and above all i appreciate their outstanding integrity. they have been a big part of the success of my practice.
								
james r. patterson, o.d., ashland eyecare inc.
more



									we at middletown & settlers walk eye care find interstate’s direct rx program to be efficient and economical. it not only saves the staff time, but most importantly it saves the patient time in getting their glasses. bottom line - tools like this make our practice more efficient. being an efficient practice is key to becoming a successful...								
debbie p., middletown eye care
more








new products



fl-41 chemistrie clips
fl-4...
more


chemistrie avulux
    ...
more







product lines






















all logos are the property of their respective owners







for information on the trademarks referred to on this page, please click here.


© interstate lab group, all rights reserved


site by palo creative





