






home - gulf coast divers - dive alabama, florida and mississippi gulf coast - scuba diving at its' best - mobile, alabama











































 



251-342-2970
gulfcoastdivers@cs.com



facebook


  





facebook



  
 
 










home
swim lessons
dive training

dive training at gulf coast divers
your first experience
pay as you go
controlled environment package
shallow water training package
what does “open water” certification mean?
basic training package
gulf certified diver qualification


go diving

shore sites

whiskey wreck
perdido pass
artificial reefs
fort pickens
portofino
navarre
st. andrews


boat charter trips
international dive travel


gear

new
used
rentals
guarantee


gallery
about
contact
 


select page


  
 



 



 















wouldn't you rather be here?

 

 
 





swimming lessons

 

 
 





certifying the best trained divers on the gulf coast for over 40 years!

 

 
 





an experience you'll never forget

 

 
 
 
 
 





 

divers serving divers
for more than 40 years, gulf coast divers has been serving local and visiting divers. we are a full service divers support facility providing equipment sales (with pool try-out), rentals, repairs, training and trips.
over the years we have trained many thousands of divers to safely enjoy the underwater world. come see us to discover diving and learn to “dive easy” at your own pace. we have the certification, diver support and equipment you want for any skill level.
already certified? we offer dive trips and a full menu of advanced and specialty dive training. plus you can try out your diving equipment before you buy in our 15’ indoor heated pool or come jump in to tune up your skills.
 
call 251-342-2970

 
 
 







training

 
 
 




go diving

 
 
 




gallery

 
 
 




contact us

 
 
 
 
 



gulf coast divers has trained third generation divers in some families along the gulf coast.
 
 
 
 






i highly recommend gulf coast divers! they are extremely easy to work with! kyle made our certification weekend an absolute blast and really took the time to make sure everyone in the class understood all the concepts as well as the reasons behind the procedures. i will forever use them for all of my diving classes from now on. they are truly great people who care and that is so rare to find nowadays. 
 misty

 
 
 



these people are awesome! they went completely up and out of their way to make sure i was 100% satisfied. carl is very knowledgeable, nice and helpful. this is a very good dive shop, and the team there treats you very well! i would recommend this shop to anyone looking for good prices and excellent customer service. 
 amber

 
 
 



everyone here is extremely helpful and knowledgeable about diving. thanks to mike and his persistence in training you on what to do when something goes wrong, i feel confident in my ability to handle most situations calmly. kyle did a great job during our certification weekend to make things flow as smooth as possible. our weekend was a blast with lots of interesting stories being told. 
jared

 
 
 
 
 


 
 



location
gulf coast divers
1284 hutson drive
mobile, alabama
 
 

phone
251-342-2970
 
 

hours
monday-saturday
9:00am - 6:00pm
 
 
 
  


 
 
 






facebook


© 2023 gulf coast divers. all rights reserved. site designed by mobile web design.  

 
 
 











