





titusville florida - north brevard area directory 32780



























connect
contact


nbbd

home page
weather
go & do

sports
cultural
history & museums
space
nature & outdoors

non-profits

houses of worship

government
education
interactive
site map
disabilities services
contact

businesses

businesses directory
restaurants
real estate

events

listing
festivals
facebook
downtown titusville
parks & recreation

parks activities
community center calendars

wildlife refuge
national seashore
enchanted forest
sams house

press releases

brevard county
city of titusville
downtown titusville
nasa

nasa pr
spacex pr
ula pr
blue origin pr
launch viewing

parrish medical

outdoors

national wildlife refuge
national seashore
refuge/seashore map
sanctuaries
enchanted forest
sams house
sanctuaries map
ecotourism
photography
space coast outdoors

birding
paddling
hiking
biking


parks

calendars
north area parks
scottsmoor & mims
titusville area
port st. john & canaveral groves
disabilities

libraries

mims / scottsmoor
titusville
port st. john
brevard county
genealogy

soft adventures

playgrounds
downtown titusville
museums & history
refuge & seashore
south titusville
fishing & more

popular

north brevard history
windover bog people
gopher tortoise
warbird airshow
edible plants
black point drive
fort christmas
manatee hammock campground
wildlife festivals
wildlife rehabilitators
 st. johns river 
fishing pier
parrish medical
sea turtle festival
n.b. heritage foundation

?????

menu with css3 css3menu.com









north brevard, fl - titusville, florida - community directory



1,120,449 visits in 2021






     north brevard:     historic florida communities experiencing a renaissance.
          business, commerce, quintramodal transportation hub*, education, health, nature, history, culture, space... start here to discover it. use the links above to start.


photo by melody







january 2025


click to read (32 pages).

archives



           titusville, florida's space view park. the mercury 7 monument - dedicated to the men and women who put the first americans in space in the early 1960's. behind it is the new high-rise bridge that crosses the intercoastal waterway and the indian river lagoon, america's most diverse estuary. under the bridge is a great fishing pier. beyond it are nasa's kennedy space center, the merritt island national wildlife refuge and canaveral national seashore's playalinda beach with 24 miles of unspoiled atlantic beach.

           next door is the veteran's memorial park. to the south-west is downtown titusville, home to businesses, museums, restaurants, music concerts and street parties. across the highway to the north are major public recreation areas in sand point & marina parks, a hospital, a college, and the substantial titusville marina. 

           that's just the downtown. the community has more than 60 restaurants and more than 40 parks & sanctuaries. large home supply & department stores and hundreds of small businesses that cater to local needs. titus landing shopping center is developing rapidly. *we are part of a "quintramodal" transportation hub - interstate, rail, air, sea and space! large and small industries take advantage of our skilled workforce (with skilled workers available for new businesses as nasa transforms).

           in this 4,500+ page directory you'll find descriptions of more than 60 nearby places to go and things to do and an up to date calendar of events. we are a relatively quiet town with active schools, churches and civic organizations. it's a great place for retired folks and families. and, we are within an hour of many of florida's greatest attractions. local folks and visitors are invited to explore this directory and participate in the fulfilling life style that north brevard offers.

what's new? even exciting! check the titusville talking points.
then check out the drop down links at the top of the page.









north brevardbusinessesand the nbbd websites we produce for them.





airboat rides at midway
american police hall of fame
b "n" s ceramics & supplies
bonafide electric llc
brevard aluminum construction
britt's air conditioning
century 21 flag agency
cheap treasures - gold & coins
coldwell banker coast realty
j.conrad pool supply
dixie crossroads restaurant
downtown titusville
florida solar hot water systems
funeral solutions
golf1 realty
grow non profit services corp
hospice of st. francis
the job place
jungle adventures
mr. submarine & salads
naturewise native plants
north brevard funeral home


north brevard farmers market
north brevard heritage foundation
old fashioned airboat rides
outdoor images
parrish medical center
peak performance co.
police hall of fame
public records search
real estate - al taylor
real estate - claudine (mogg) brandon


* rocket coast handyman services
shoe & boot repair
cliff shuler auctioneers & liquidators
space coast birding & wildlife festival
sunrise bread co.
tami leliuga shriver, realtor®
tilford air & heat inc.
titusville municipal marina
treder realty
treder rentals
valiant air command warbird museum
walter's photos
wild ocean seafood market



in 2017 the webpages of the nbbd were visited 1,078,946 times.that averages 2,956 times a day.won't some of them be seeking what you offer?

click here to learn how to join them.

eyes on page is what you seek when promoting your business or activity.


















the northbrevard area








independent websites — domainsthat peak performance co. createsfor businesses outside of the nbbd




space coast birding
space coast paddling
space coast hiking
space coast biking

barbara mcgillicuddy

birding adventures with paddy
birding festival of the keys
bob paty photographer
downtown titusville merchants
friends of the enchanted forest


everglades birding festival
florida diy solar hot water
global marketing & management services
golf 1 realty
laurilee thompson
peak performance co.
the historic pritchard house
the rich-twin: 1939 experimental airplane
the special gathering
titusville sea turtle festival




click here to learn how to join them.









nbbd.com -- you'll never remember it!  why not bookmark it?



space coast wildlife rescue & rehabilitation facilities




dial 211 for 2-1-1 brevard, inc., brevard county's  unique hotline for help with health, human services and governmental programs available in the county.




dial 911  from your cell phone if you question that the flashing lights behind you are a real police officer, or to report any roadway incident or any personal emergency.

at&t, sprint, t-mobile and verizon cellular phone customers in brevard county now have the option to text to 911 in an emergency.




report litterbugs:: 321-537-6801 or cellphone: *522
	



12/26/96




page sponsor


























