













home | wpc






















        skip to main navigation
      








washington publishing company









main navigation


about


clients


publications




support and inquiries 
admin@wpc-edi.com
(425) 562-2245




menu










 











i am looking for:


          code lists
        

          publications
        



for over 40 years, washington publishing company (wpc) has specialized in managing and distributing data integration information through publications, training, and consulting services.
established in 1975 and incorporated in 1987, wpc is widely recognized as a leading expert in supporting the development, publishing, and licensing of complex and specialized data integration standards. wpc thrives in complex situations, overcoming technical and business complexities with holistic and pragmatic solutions.
company history and team




what*we*do~
wpc is a specialty standards-based publishing firm that prides itself in catering to its clients’ complex needs. we design and provide highly specialized publishing, licensing, and support services for standards development organizations and related industry associations.





x12

x12, chartered by the american national standards institute, develops and maintains cross-industry standards which drive business processes globally.


image
 









ncpdp

the national council for prescription drug programs is an ansi-accredited, not-for-profit membership organization using a consensus-based process for standards development.


image
 









cms

the centers for medicare & medicaid services is part of the united states department of health & human services.


image
 









ama

the american medical association is the largest and only national association that convenes 190+ state and specialty medical societies and other critical stakeholders.


image
 













code*lists~
go to x12.org/codes
to see most of the
external code lists that
were previously available
on wpc-edi.com.
to purchase a subscription to these code lists, please contact us by email at admin@wpc-edi.com or phone at (425) 562-2245.

















































































publications~
the majority of wpc’s publications are
available through x12 at x12.org/products.


additional works, such as the rail industry implementation guides, are available directly from wpc.




    rail industry implementation guides
  

    see available publications
  






























































washington publishing company
2107 elliott ave, suite 305
seattle, wa 98121
(425) 562-2245admin@wpc-edi.com


footer menu


privacy policy





copyright ©
              2024
washington publishing company.
              all rights reserved.












