













forest house veterinary surgery : a vet practice serving knaresborough, harrogate, ripon, wetherby, otley and the surrounding area





































































  call us: 
	(01423) 862121









 
 



























caring for all of your animals, at all times.









toggle navigation
main menu





 home
 services

emergencies
pet services
services and facilities
pet health plans
the geriatric cat
pet insurance
acupuncture


horse services
services and facilities
horse health plans
vettings
strangles & vaccination
euthanasia


farm services



 information
opening times
location
staff
videos
practice policies
recruitment
useful links
rcvs accreditation



 downloads

pet health plan leaflet
animal health certificate application form
horse health plan leaflet
horse forms


					2 stage vetting

					vetting guidelines
warranty form

					sample loan agreement

equine 
				newsletters
october 
					2004


					may 2009


					august 2009


					march 2010


					july 2010


					october 2010


farm 
				newsletters
october 
					2004
march 
					2005


					may 2009


					august 2009

					december 2009


					april 2010


					august 2010


					october 2010




 contact us
 book appointment
 contact us
 newsletter sign-up
 payments


























forest house veterinary surgery
an rcvs accredited veterinary practice 
			based in knaresborough.
providing care for cats, dogs, small pets, 
			horses and farms throughout the knaresborough, harrogate, ripon and 
			wetherby area.












 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 























 phone 
(01423) 862121 
to book an appointment or find out more.

 book an appointment online












time

on-call 24 hours a day
in an emergency, our regular clients benefit from a vet on call at all times.
our out of hours service is provided by our own vets who are on call 24 hours a day, 365 days a year!
we don't use out-sourced call centers or complicated messaging services. 
if you're a client of another veterinary practice you must use the out of hours service they provide.



location

convenient location
our surgery is in central knaresborough. we have free on site parking and easy access from knaresborough, harrogate, wetherby, ripon, york and the 
				surrounding villages (including boroughbridge, pateley bridge, 
				harewood, summer bridge, dacre, bilton, pannal, spofforth, 
				leathley, lofthouse, laverton, kirkby overblow, huby, burton 
				leonard, bishop monkton, hampsthwaite, killinghall, birstwith, 
				ripley, nidd, brearton, farnham and arkendale)



service

complete service for all of 
				your animals
our caring and experienced vets all 
				routinely work with cats, dogs, horses and farm animals. 
				we offer a complete service for our small patients at the 
				surgery. 
for our large patients - we come to you. there's no need to transport your horse for x-ray or endoscopy, we'll do it in your stable.



accredited

rcvs accredited
every 4 years, we are thoroughly 
				inspected by the royal college of veterinary surgeons to ensure 
				that we continue to meet all of the required standards to provide a high quality service.













spread the cost with our monthly health plans
 
				we offer monthly health plans payable 
			by direct debit for cats, dogs, horses and rabbits.
the inclusive plans provide a great way to budget for the routine care of your animals and save money with exclusive discounts.
pick up a leaflet at the surgery or 
			click here for more information.









at the surgery, we have.....

ample car parking for clients.
convenient location - easily accessed from knaresborough, harrogate, ripon or wetherby
a large inviting, air conditioned reception and waiting area. 
fully computerised patient records and billing system. 
modern ultrasound, video endoscopy and digital x-ray facilities. 
two air conditioned consulting rooms.
two well equipped operating rooms (with air conditioning in the main room). 
air conditioned kennel area for our small animal patients.
office and administration facilities.











 our team  
our vets here at forest house veterinary surgery are supported by our 
dedicated and caring nursing, reception and administrative staff. we all have a 
wealth of experience which we can call on to help and advise you.
we provide a full range of services for cats, dogs, rabbits, 
		guinea-pigs, other small animals, horses and farm animals in 
		knaresborough, harrogate, ripon, wetherby and the surrounding areas.
our vets and nurses constantly review and update their skills and 
		technology making sure that we can offer you the highest level of care 
		at all times.
click the button to learn more about us! 
our staff





what our customers say!










thank you for the acupuncture treatment you carried out on our dog sam which has played a huge role in his recovery...  the results were immediate.
pleas keep up the fantastic work and keep doing it 'your way'. that larger than life enthusiasm you show gives hope to people who are desperate for answers and help.  john & jen gibson 






loved my placement at this excellent practice, with the chance to learn from knowledgeable staff who give one of the highest standards of service i've seen.
david treharne 4th year veterinary student






once again i find myself thanking you all for such a professional and compassionate service.  from the moment ruth took my call to graham dealing with our cat, bo, the whole process was terrific. thank you so much. 
james cornock






just a note to say a 'huge' thank-you for being such a wonderful vet and seeing flash through his colic .... thank you 
with much respect sue jones and flash






please accept our heartfelt thank you for everything you and your colleagues did for morse. as you witnessed this morning, it has left us devastated as we kept believing we could get him better. we know that you could not have done anymore and that you helped extend his life and gave us even more memories to treasure. thank you again for everything. 
simon & sarah wall






you were so very kind and quick to help poor bentley who now seems considerably more himself again. he slept most of friday when we returned to our caravan but saturday saw him very spritely again with returned energy and appetite. we are so very grateful to you graham, and your nurses/staff, for all you did and for seeing us so quickly. with our sincere gratitude once again. 
ros haines






thank you so much for all your help, expertise and most of all patience! it was a wonderful experience for us to join you in the operating room and one we will remember forever, thanks to you and lianne. 'rodney' and both babies are doing wonderfully. it took two days of hourly feeds and many reintroductions but they are all happily together now and thriving. thank you so much once again. 
clare, jay and all the 'kids






words cannot describe how grateful i am for all your help and kindness with merlin and the insurance. i would not have won the case without your support. it truly meant a lot to me and helped me through such a terrible time. 
seraya simcoe






you were all amazing in so many ways. it goes without saying how much we love our millie. thank you for making a stressful day quite beautiful 
the hutchinson family as well as marley, millie and the three pups!






thank you all so much for all your kindness. shuggie was our beautiful boy and you helped us to cope with saying goodbye. 
sue and glyn wilson






thank you for showing such kindness and compassion to me when gatti was put to sleep. everyone from the reception, to nurses, to vets, the whole team were superb. 
dr. sarah nicholas






thank you everyone for your care during my recent illness (blockage problems). i am delighted to be back to my normal self and running around our meadow not on a lead! 
love from kiwi  mr. and mrs. ross






thank you all for taking care of our precious mori over the past few years. the excellent care you gave her through her long illness definitely made her more comfortable and prolonged her life. 
caroline greenhalgh






graham, you were so helpful and understanding. couldn't have done it without you. 
angela lambley and family














 our services at a glance...
some things are even free!!! 

puppy and kitten health checks ( free! )


if you've got a new puppy or kitten, our vets will give it a free 
first health check, even if it's not due for a vaccination yet. then, for the 
first year, our nurses will do regular free check-ups.
weight control clinics ( free! )


does you pooch need to shed some pounds, is your cat a couch potato? 
our nurses will help you lose the excess with a tailored weight control plan and 
regular check-ups. all free!
insurance claim forms completed ( free! )

if you need to make an insurance claim, we won't charge you anything 
for completing the claim forms or liaising with your insurance company.


farm animal service


routine fertility work, disease investigation, calvings, lambings. all 
of our vets are experienced and confident with farm work for dairy, beef, sheep 
and goat herds.
equine service


we bring the full range of equine services right to your stable door. 
from routine work such as vaccinations or dental work through to lameness 
investigations and diagnostic imaging - we can come to you.
small animal service


our well equipped surgery is the ideal place for your pet to get the 
best care. we offer the full range of services from routine vaccinations through 
to full diagnostic investigations and surgery.


























  quick links

  			 home page
  			 about our team
  			 contact us today
  			 services we offer
  			 use our sitemap
 this site uses cookies





   let's get social!
keep up to date with our latest news by following us on twitter or 
		becoming our facebook friend.







not found what you're looking for? try our site search.








   get in touch!
contact information

forest house vets ltd 
29 york place, knaresborough,
north yorkshire. hg5 0ad
 phone: (01423) 862121
 email: 
			  office@fhvets.co.uk
company no: 5168354 registered in cardiff 
vat no: 721 6826 38 














copyright 2014.forest house vets ltd. all rights reserved.


















copyright 2014.forest house vets ltd. all rights reserved.































