



kidd video flipside















characters & cast
episodes
music
faq & trivia
other features








welcome to kidd video flipside
kidd video is a half-hour television series that ran saturdays on nbc between 1984 and 1986. 
          it was produced by dic productions in association with saban productions. the 
          series was about a california teen music band called 
          kidd video. the band consists of kidd, carla, whiz, and ash.
one day, they meet at h&s storage (where they keep some of their equipment). kidd removes a plastic 
          covering from a nearby mirror and the band starts to practice. suddenly, an image 
          appears in the mirror. it's a cartoon man called the master 
          blaster. by pressing a button on his chair, he takes the band to a world of 
          rock & roll... another dimension known as the flipside. the band turns 
          into cartoons... and the master blaster wants the band to be his musical slaves 
          forever! however, the kids are rescued by a fairy named glitter. in the series, the band explores the flipside in hopes that they will find a way 
          back to our world... and also avoids the master blaster of bad vibes and his cronies, 
          the copy cats.
characters and cast
          find out more about whiz, carla, ash and kidd, and the people who portrayed them, as well as the 
          rest of the cartoon's voice cast.
episodes
          browse a complete guide to all 26 tv episodes, including links to where to watch them.
music
          you can find kidd video's songs, lyrics, and music videos here.
faq & trivia
          if you have a question about kidd video, the answer might be found here. (if not... send in your question!)
other features
          see press clippings about the show, as well as kidd video merchandise.






about kidd video flipside
the first kidd video website was founded by teresita on prodigy in 1999. it moved to its current
        home at kvflipside.org on august 24, 2000. we're celebrating 10 years of kidd video on the web,
        as well as the 25th anniversary of the show itself (which premiered on september 15, 1984.)

do you have more information or material to add to this website? please write to us atkiddvideo@gmail.comthank you!
        




visit toolbot's youtube channel!
kidd video season 1 playlist
kidd video season 2 playlist
kidd video music videos playlist


 loading... 









where can i get kidd video on dvd?
kidd video is not currently commercially available on dvd. disney now owns the saban library.
        if you would like to see kidd video released, please contact disney dvd & video.






kidd video is â© saban, fox family worldwide, and others; this site is not endorsed by the copyright
holders. the owners of kvflipside.org have no relationship with the copyright holders and do not claim 
ownership of their materials, characters or likenesses. this site is for education and fan purposes only.
kidd video flipside content â© 1999-2011 teresita and april. this page based on designs by matthew james taylor.


