




professional handlers association









representing professional dog handlers since 1926






hiring a pha dog handler
pha member directory
pha organization
member interest
photo gallery
links
pha forms
pha store
site map






the professional handlers association

			(pha) is a trade organization dedicated to representing the interests
			of professional dog handlers, and furthering the sport of showing dogs
			throughout the united states.



the pha seeks to promote a beneficial working relationship among
			 members, clients, other handler organizations, and the american kennel
			club.


	proudly sponsored by lucy pet











welcome to
				 phadoghandlers.com, the official website of the professional
				 handlers' association (pha). i think you'll find it full of
				 information about our trade and the hiring of the
				 professional handler. it also provides a membership roster
				 of accredited members in your area.

				 membership in the pha is a privilege that is extended to
				 only a select group of men and women dedicated to the art of
				 exhibiting the purebred show dog, and who agree to submit to
				 our strict code of ethics and membership requirements. the
				 association is committed to providing only the highest level
				 of service and prides itself in promoting the dog show
				 industry throughout the united states.

				 please feel free to contact us, or any of our members, if
				 you have questions. we look forward to working with you in
				 the future.

sincerely,
				 kathleen bowser
				 executive vice-president
				 professional handlers' association, incorporated
				 email: kathy@phadoghandlers.com






			all rights reserved. no content from this web site may be copied or duplicated,
			
			 in whole or in part, without permission from the pha.
the professional handlers' association, incorporated, is not responsible for
			 the contents or any off-site pages or any other sites linked from this web site.


professional handlers' association, incorporated
			17017 norbrook drive
			olney, maryland 20832
			(301) 774-2400


kathy@phadoghandlers.com
				webmaster: webmaster@phadoghandlers.com
last modified: may 30, 2023



 like us on facebook
			








