




electro craft corporation ltd










































skip to content





















homeabout us 

management company profile key partners key clients
solutions 

ibbs

ibbs accounts ibss entreprise ibss sharp ibss standard ibss hrm 
 intelligent ehotel suite intelligent car workshop www.paribahan.com recent projects healthcare solution
technologycontact us



search for:









menu
close





home
about us

management
company profile
key partners
key clients


solutions

ibbs

ibbs accounts
ibss entreprise
ibss sharp
ibss standard
ibss hrm


intelligent ehotel suite
intelligent car workshop
www.paribahan.com
recent projects
healthcare solution


technology
contact us































online ticketing
paribahan.com is a online ticket booking web portal first time in bangladesh. anyone can book ticket online from the site beside searching and reserving hotel rooms and tour packages. all available local payment options of bangladesh is there for paying ticket price or room rents



read more



 








global service
our 24x7 support infrastructure helps us to provide services to any part of the world. moreover it is flexible to introduce any new requirements. we never get lost with client’s requirements and every request is documented in our system.



read more



 








global bonding
we respect the culture and values of every nation and as a member of this global village we practice the same through our organizational culture. we are open for any shorts of partnering where mutual benefit exists. we believe in complementing each other with innovation rather than competing.



read more



 








e-commerce m-commerce
e-craft enables its solution with the latest technology. it also provides custom solution to its customer on e-commerce and m-commerce.we also do system integration with existing systems for enable with web and mobile platforms.our experts converts our clients desire in to reality.



read more



 











 



previous



next























innovation
e-craft's innovation team always works for finding new areas where it can give society the…



read more



 














easy solution
e-craft always ensures easy solution for its clients so that our green technology really can...



read more



 














quality output
quality is most inner objective of any kinds of solution of e-craft. we never compromise…



read more



 














after sales
we always give highest priority to our after sales support as we understand our satisfied…



read more



 


















view all

























about e-craft 



e-craft provides a range of service from client-server & entire architecture application, windows, linux and unix application, cross-platform development, internet application development and database solutions. in addition, if you would like your work done to be more competitive in pricing but without sacrificing the quality, we can help you!







more




























 



help & tips














how to install?

if you are installing our solution you will find it easy clicking next after next and we







uninstalling

please be careful if you are uninstalling a demo version. all the data inputted will be removed.







step by step guide

you will find our interactive user guide very useful for easy understanding how to use the software.

























customers
electro craft corporation ltd. is serving it industry since 2000 both for national and international clients around the globe.

 
 

service featuresgeneral sla terms
general amc
solution in saas model
warranty terms
 

contact us
+88 (02) 55012095

electro craft corporation ltd.

 
	bdbl bhaban (level-8)
	 
	12 kawran bazar c/a, dhaka,
	 bangladesh, 
	

info@electrocraft.org
 







membership

 





contact us
about us
technology
home



				copyright © electro craft corporation ltd 2020.  all rights reserved			


























