



	friendship missionary baptist church charlotte

















 














page updated!

×



your page has been updated and a back up was created for the previous version.


close

















our senior ministerbioupdatereadings
about uswelcomefind usour missionstaff directory
join us
next stepssteps 1-4new member classes
connectcalendarfeatured eventsinvite a friendsend a messageprayer requestsprayer wall
facilitiesour campusconference center
mediaon demandlive streammobile app videophoto gallery
ministries
membersbereavementsdeacons on callmember care listresourcesspiritual gifts
give














our senior ministerbioupdatereadings
about uswelcomefind usour missionstaff directory
join us
next stepssteps 1-4new member classes
connectcalendarfeatured eventsinvite a friendsend a messageprayer requestsprayer wall
facilitiesour campusconference center
mediaon demandlive streammobile app videophoto gallery
ministries
membersbereavementsdeacons on callmember care listresourcesspiritual gifts
give


































i’m newgivewatch live









 campaign 1.3 "giving today for a brighter tomorrow" 
aims to improve and enhance the sound system, worship with the use 
of a screen, visibility by reconstructing the pulpit area in the 
sanctuary at 3400 beatties ford road campus.
give nowmake a pledge


featured events
ash wednesday service
ask the doctor: cardiac riskszoom id: 834 8873 4012passcode: 921817 
real men real talk
women's tea 2025guest speaker: rev. sandra c. williamsclick to here to register!
more events





worship service
8:00am - in person10:00am - in person & live stream
watch live













welcome
we
 encourage you to be our guest and experience one of several 
worship services each sunday filled with music of praise and an 
inspirational message from our pastor, rev. dr. clifford jones. our sunday worship services are in person at 8a & 10a and online 10a. watch us on facebook live, youtube or on the fmbc mobile app. 
learn more






do you want to join fmbc family?
are you ready to move forward with your spiritual journey?  take your next step and complete the online member form to join us! 
join

































are you listening?
join us each week for a message from our senior minister or pastoral staff.  missed last week?  click on the watch now button for an inspiring message or bible study lesson.
watch now








download our app
our mobile app is packed with powerful content and resources to help you grow and stay connected with friendship missionary baptist church.  access sermons, find upcoming events, give online, and more!










follow us

















contact us







© copyright 2025, friendship missionary, all rights reserved.



top












