





canter usa – canter provides retiring thoroughbred racehorses with opportunities for new careers.







































































 skip to main contentcanter usacanter provides retiring thoroughbred racehorses with opportunities for new careers.horses
affiliates
about
more

ottb blog
shop
support


donate
new home












new career wanted




 



browse listings of thoroughbred ex-racehorses that are available for purchase or adoption.
 




view horses



 
 


 









 


 
 

 









 




join the list





subscribe to our newsletter for updates sent right to your inbox.
 





please enter a valid email address.




subscribe!



something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.
 


 





 







 


 
 







 


 
 


 

 


 









 




canter affiliates




 



canter affiliates (or local chapters) are operated across the country and provide an array of services to help retiring thoroughbred racehorses transition into new careers.
 




find canter near you



 
 











the canter program




 



canter is a 100% volunteer organization that operates without a central barn facility or any full time veterinary staff. we’re united by our mission and the passion for the thoroughbred horse.
 




learn about canter



 
 


 












more than   25,000    ottbs
have transitioned through canter programs.

 



support canter usa and help provide more retiring racehorses with opportunities for new careers.
 





 





donate to canter usa



 
 





visit the canter shop



 
 


 

 









 






image 1, 2 – valerie buller – photographer / canter pennsylvania volunteer
 
 
 















 
 
 





















 








 
 
 




thanks to our generous partners.
 








 








 
 
 









 








 
 
 






about
 



canter is a 501(c)(3) non-profit providing retiring thoroughbred racehorses with new career opportunities.
 
 
 




horse listings
 



newly listed
canter owned
trainer listings
 
 
 




information
 



help & faqs
canter near you
canter usa media
 
 
 




organization
 



canter usa home
about canter usa
 
 
 
 




 


 









 
 
 









 
 
 


 


 



copyright © 2025 · canter, inc. canter is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. by using this site, you agree to the terms of use and privacy policy.copyright © 2025 · digital pro on genesis framework · wordpress · log in
 




























