




boston tea party historical society













































home


participants


pictures


description


documents

case study

new





about















boston tea party historical society 



































































what was the boston tea party?







on monday morning, the 29th of november, 1773, a handbill was posted all over boston, containing the following words: "friends! brethren! countrymen!--that worst of plagues, the detested tea, shipped for this port by the east india company, is now arrived in the harbor.






























8 historic accounts
compare different accounts of the same event.
economic causes
did financial trouble of the east india tea co. actually cause btp?
the case study
it examines the depth of british colonial policies that led to the event.



british view
highly burdened by taxes them-selves, the british were merely asking the colonies to bear the expense of their own administration
how to write a great essay about the tea party
you can start from studying our sample essays and then follow the essay writing tips to write your own.































participants
study the detailed biographies of the patriots and view their pictures.





indian disguise
did patriots actually wear mohawk costumes or merely some face painting?





unknown facts
the last survivor of the btp lived until 115 years old and was actually photographed.

















boston tea party videos



















																few people realize that when the tea went overboard in boston tea party on december 16, 1773, the war for independence was actually beginning.
























historic boston tea party landmarks
the actual location of the tea party has a great historic significance, but being nothing more than a memorial marker on a busy street corner it make one wonder if there are other historic places in boston that are connected with the most famous american protest. if fact even after the unfortunate fire at the boston tea party ship museum there are still several such landmarks that will impress even a serous history buff.
george hewes meets john hancock
george hewes is certainly one of the most well known names when it comes to participants of the famous protest. one of the less known events in his biography was the circumstances of his meeting with john hancock. when hewes was a shoemaker apprentice in 1763 he had a chance to repair shoes for john hancock.
the story of the tea ships
sometimes the tea party ships are mistakenly called british. in fact only the tea belonged to east india tea company but the ships themselves were american. nantucket was homeport to two ships that were involved in the boston tea party, the beaver and the dartmouth. even though dartmouth made history for carrying tea it was built for a different purpose – offshore whaling.























































categories






timeline
numbers and facts
analysis
student essays
the location
the ships
origin of the tea
references
printable poster


































































picture galleries







































popular






top 10 preceding historic events
triangular trade in the colonies
tea party reenactment script
the tea act of 1773
debate arguments for the british
the actual tea chest
the ballad





















“abolition of slavery had been the deepest desire and the great labor of my life” - frederick douglass was born into slavery in tuckahoe, talbot county, maryland...


















































































































copyright © 2008 boston tea party historical society
designed by holypark media
































