






   marty kiar - broward county property appraiser
  










skip to site map
 







































property
        search  
      | 
      senior citizens  
      | 
      homestead & other exemptions  
      | 
      home buyer's tax estimator
| 
      portability estimator
| 
      search:



























home






office location






property ownerbill of
          rights



exemption express






appeals & petitions






maps
          & aerials






download forms






tangible property






f.a.q.






contact us






newsletter






market sales






library






ask a
          question






e-mail marty kiar






meet marty kiar






event
          calendar






important dates






report fraud










data
          requests






related links






jobs






rfps & bids






lobbying






site
          index






website tutorial









































bcpa - homepage








        please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of
        website accessibility



























































owner alert is a free service designed to help you protect your property from scams or fraud by notifying you if a document is received by bcpa changing the ownership of your property.
click here to subscribe in the new app.









crucial home buyer information







                    when buying/acquiring real estate, do not assume the property taxes will remain the same as the current owner's taxes.
                    under florida law, a change in ownership will reset the assessed value of the property to full market value, which could result in higher property taxes.
                    please use our tax estimator to approximate your new property taxes based on the reassessed value.

                    the property appraiser does not send tax bills and does not set or collect taxes.
                    all property tax billing and collection is handled by the broward county tax collector's office.
                    should you have any questions regarding your taxes, please visit the tax collector's website
                    directly for additional information. the tax collector's office can also be reached at
                     (954) 357-4829 or revenue@broward.org

                    the homestead exemption and portability saves eligible property owners thousands of dollars each year.
                    click here for more information on tax saving exemptions such as homestead, senior and all other available exemptions.







helpful information







you may file for homestead exemption online at bcpa.net/onlinehomestead.asp.
property owners who both owned and made the property their permanent residence after january 1, 2024 may now file for 2025 homestead exemption and all other exemptions.
  the timely filing period for homestead exemption for 2025 is march 2, 2024 through march 3, 2025.
  the absolute deadline to late file for any 2025 exemption -- if you miss the march 3 timely filing deadline -- is september 17, 2025.
  state law (sec. 196.011(8), fla. stat.) does not allow late filing for exemptions after this date, regardless of any good cause reason for missing the late filing deadline.
please click here for more information about homestead and other exemptions for which you may be eligible.


information about the senior, veteran and all other exemptions can be obtained on our website at bcpa.net/homestead.asp.
all forms are available under the "download forms" tab and can be emailed to our office at csemgmt@bcpa.net or faxed to (954) 357-6188.
completed applications can also be mailed to our office at 115 south andrews avenue, room 111, fort lauderdale,  fl 33301.


you may also call our office at (954) 357-5579 for assistance with filing for any exemption or to schedule a virtual meeting with our staff.


information regarding deeds and other recorded documents (recording a deed, adding/removing an owner, or obtaining a copy of a deed/satisfaction of mortgage/lien/judgment/etc.) is provided on our faq page
https://web.bcpa.net/bcpaclient/#/ask-questions.  enter the word deed in the questions how can we help... field, and select the topic of interest.


the florida department of revenue's taxpayer information page also provides information and resources for a variety of property tax topics.








catastrophic structural damage report form







    if your property has been rendered uninhabitable for at least 30 days due to damage or destruction from a catastrophic event, click here to let us know.


for frequently asked questions about catastrophic structural damage, please see
florida homeowner's guide: catastrophic event property damage 
and a florida homeowner's guide: property tax relief for catastrophic events. 








sign up for our e-newsletter







    if you would like to be notified about important
            property tax savings exemptions and classifications available to permanent florida residents as well as
            upcoming mobile exemption education team events, please click here to
            submit your contact information.







 please click the thumbs up
              icon to like us on facebook.












if
            you have any suggestions for improving our office,
            please email me by clicking here.


sincerely, 


marty kiar
                broward county property appraiser
















privacy policy


having trouble viewing our website? please contact our accessibility hotline for assistance at accessibility@bcpa.net or call 954.357.6830.

source: broward county property appraiser's office - contact our office at 954.357.6830. hours: we are open weekdays from 8 am until 5 pm.

legal disclaimer: under florida law, e-mail addresses are public records. if you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity.
instead, contact this office by phone. information provided on this website is for tax roll purposes only and may not be appropriate for other uses. values are not final until certified pursuant to florida law.
 








