




bookwire















 









bookwire ossolutionscontact
                            sign in
                        
                                            en
                                        
                                            de
                                        
                                            es
                                        
                                            br
                                        
                                            fr
                                        bookwire os
                solutions
                contact
                
                                    en
                                
                                    de
                                
                                    es
                                
                                    br
                                
                                    fr
                                
                sign in
            we are always looking to grow our team! do you want to be a part of it?job offersthe new level of digital publishingthe leading solution for the production, distribution and marketing of ebooks, audiobooks, podcasts and print-on-demand products. explore the new level of digital publishing!discover
                our software
            designed specifically for publishers, the bookwire os operating system consolidates all production, distribution, marketing and analytics processes.
        
        our software
        
    
        
        our services
        
    manage complexity withone solution.
                our services
            
                it couldn’t be simpler
            
                audiobooks
            we ensure the success of your digital audio products through our production solution “way – we audiobook you” in combination with the distribution of your audiobooks and podcasts across all shops worldwide and our detailed audience analytics dashboards.learn more
                ebooks
            master complexity with minimum outlay. manage all aspects of your ebook business with bookwire os: lifecycle management, quality control, metadata optimisation, pricing campaigns and much more.learn more
                print-on-demand
            diversity and reach – from short-run printing to global distribution. high-quality, internationally available titles with just a few clicks.learn more
                one software – for all processes
            
                production
            ebooks, audiobooks, podcasts and print-on-demand: bookwire os enables quick and high-quality conversion of your products into all formats.
                marketing
            more reach and visibility for your products at the digital pos. innovative marketing features and services help optimise the sale of your titles.
                distribution
            bookwire os lets you manage the global distribution of your digital products. all shops, all platforms, all business models – you are in complete control.
                analytics
            recognise trends for increased potential. the analytics dashboards offer a detailed overview of the performance of your products.
                working with bookwire
            
                what our customers say
            "as a publisher, you need to be able to trust your distributor; are all titles out everywhere? or; are certain important restrictions implemented? if not, is there a key account to call and fix it asap? checkmark when it comes to bookwire. in my opinion bookwire is among the world’s few digital book distributors who are in control or their distribution thanks to a world class os. as a result, you get world class book distribution at bookwire."
                                                            lasse korsemann horne, forlagsdirektør/ publishing director, saga | lindhardt ringhof a/s
                                                        "signing with bookwire was a very good surprise: i appreciate the professionalism of its teams and their responsiveness. bookwire allows me to be present on several digital platforms with which i was not in contract. their os support interface is very efficient to manage and control the distribution of our entire catalogue of titles, and to consult our sales."
                                                            john mac, founder, compagnie du savoir
                                                        "the service they provide us with is exceptional, we are able to get our content distributed and visible on all major platforms worldwide in a very efficient way. what we value most about bookwire is their customer service, regular reporting and their cutting-edge work to simplify the processes involved."
                                                            lucas fernández, director general, vr editoras
                                                        
                statistics
            
                bookwire in figures
            0publishing houses0titles0channels0solution
                newsroom
            
                all the latest from the bookwire universe
            
                12 february 2025
            bookwire os powers podium entertainment’s audiobook expansion across global platforms
                28 january 2025
            bookwire and cb partner to take ebook and audiobook distribution to the next level
                16 december 2024
            bookwire supports publishers with comprehensive open access service
        
        more news
        
    do you have any questions for us?contact+49 69 907 20 06-0join us on our journey!jobs
                products and services
            bookwire osbookwire os – featuressolutionsway and odyssey
                company
            who we arenewsroomknowledge hubcontact
                for shops
            supply by bookwire
                jobs
            are you looking for new professional challenges? we look forward to meeting you in person!current job openings©  bookwirelegal noticeprivacy statementcookiescode of conduct





