







louisiana’s law firm - taylor porter










































skip to content







taylor porter













 



(225) 387-3221info@taylorporter.comnews & blogs


search site



 



 search







attorneyspractice areascareersaboutabout the firmfirm managementservice standardscommunity servicemsi globaldiversitycontact



menu 




search site



 



 search




attorneyspractice areascareersaboutabout the firmfirm managementservice standardscommunity servicemsi globaldiversitycontact
(225) 387-3221info@taylorporter.comnews & blogs 






louisiana’s law firm
a legacy of law, a limitless future
for more than a century, taylor porter has represented diverse local, regional, and national clients, many of whom have long-standing relationships with our firm. today we continue to grow and innovate with the goal of being your “go-to” legal team.

get started






 

attorneys named best lawyers in america




 

taylor porter ranked in chambers usa




 

firm ranked as one of the best places to work





full‑service, all‑in
established in 1912, taylor porter continues to practice in accordance with the principles upon which the firm was founded.
we believe in helping our clients achieve successful outcomes and as a full-service firm we have the experience and resources needed to handle a variety of legal matters. our attorneys understand the expectations of our clients, and you can be confident that we are all-in, working every day to surpass them. 

find practice areas
learn more about us



practice areas



  

commercial litigation



  

banking & financial services



  

employment & labor



  

energy & environment



  

insurance regulation & litigation



  

tax law





view all practice areas



in the news







blog

update on corporate transparency act



 








news

taylor porter names new partners



 








tax and estate planning

federal court enjoins u.s. government from enforcing corporate transparency act



 








news

taylor porter welcomes new attorneys to baton rouge office



 





let’s get to work
looking for a community-focused law firm with talented attorneys at every experience level? look no further than taylor porter. reach out and help us create a winning strategy.

get in touch








taylor porter















						450 laurel street, 8th floor
						baton rouge, la 70801
						
(225) 387-3221


						145 east street
						lake charles, la 70601
						
(337) 436-7787



follow us
linkedininstagramfacebook 

discover more
homeattorneyspractice areascareersfirmdiversitycontact 




© 2025 taylor, porter, brooks & phillips l.l.p. all rights reserved.
disclaimer and privacy policy 



















