







reese-hitches.com | trailer hitches & towing accessories | 877-507-0711































 
 learning center     about     track my order     cart  








talk to a hitch expert
1-877-507-0711




we are an independent authorized dealer of reese and other products.


8am-5pm ct m-f








trailer hitches
towing accessories
electrical wiring
cargo management
vehicle accessories
trailer accessories





trailer hitches
5th wheel hitches
gooseneck hitches
weight distributing hitches
trailer sway control
specialty hitches
front hitch receivers
motor home hitches


trailer hitch balls
trailer hitch ball mounts
specialty ball mounts
trailer hitch locks
trailer hitch pins & clips
towing starter kits
tow hitch covers
pintle hitches & rings
5th wheel to gooseneck adapters 
trailer hitch extensions


trailer light wiring
t-connectors
electric brake controllers
5th wheel & gooseneck wiring
7 pin trailer plug wiring
connectors & converters 
mounting brackets


cargo management
rooftop cargo bags
trailer hitch cargo carriers
hitch mounted bike racks
cargo bags, nets, & tie-downs


truck accessories
truck bed mats
snow plow parts
transmission coolers
blue ox tow bars
louvered tailgates
cipa towing mirrors


trailer couplers
trailer jacks
trailer lights
trailer wheels & tires
winches








 		   free shipping on orders over $99!
            





heavy duty hitches for all of your big towing needs
over 17,399,316 products sold since 1957

























select vehicle year...
202520242023202220212020201920182017201620152014201320122011201020092008200720062005200420032002200120001999199819971996199519941993199219911990198919881987198619851984198319821981198019791978197719761975197419731972197119701969196819671966196519641963







































 

what best describes your vehicle?










































 see more categories 











































 rv parts 
 snow plow parts 
 trailer couplers 


 trailer jacks 
 trailer wheels & tires 
 transmission coolers 


 truck accessories 
 truck bed mats 
 winches 









 same day shipping 


 free shipping on orders over $99!


 lifetime guarantee









we carry all major brands


 
   
  

  
  
   
  
  









contact us

about us
contact information
cancel or change your order



why shop with us?

lifetime guarantee
easy returns



your info is secure

safe shopping guarantee
privacy & security policies



ordering & shipping

ordering questions?
track your shipped order
shipping information
ups map & transit time











copyright 2002 - 2025 all rights reserved
 __ 
 
 
 


 

lifetime guarantee
we are the only company online that offers you a lifetime guarantee on all of the products we offer. that's how important your business is to us. we want you to be satisfied at all costs.
if a product that you've purchased from us breaks or becomes defective within your lifetime, simply contact us with  proof of purchase and we will replace it free of charge. it's that simple!
(customer is liable for any costs to ship products  to or from our location. customer is not entitled to reimbursement of any labor costs incurred to replace the product.)

close or press esc

 

free standard shipping on orders of $99 or more!
for a limited time, reese-hitches.com is offering free standard shipping on orders equal to or over $99.00 and shipped within the us to the 48 contiguous states.
this offer cannot be combined with any other promotional offer unless otherwise specified and is subject to change without notice.
please note: some oversized products that must be shipped by ltl freight carrier do not qualify for free shipping.  additionally, we do not ship oversized products outside of the 48 contiguous united states. please contact customer service for special shipping options and requirements.  
return shipping costs will be at the customer's expense. if you return a product that qualified for free shipping, the outbound shipping costs will be deducted from your return refund.

shipping status update
due to the high demand on shipping providers and covid-19 restrictions, our standard times for delivery have not been consistent. 
                our in-stock items are still shipping out of our warehouse same-day or next day. we know our shipping providers are doing their best with increased demand 
                and extra safety measures due to covid-19. please note that delivery times may take longer than expected due to these changes. also, most carriers have eliminated
                their delivery guarantees for all shipments, including expedited services.
for additional information about our shipping providers please see the links below.
ups service alerts - 
            usps service alerts -
            spee-dee service updates


close or press esc

 

about us
reese-hitches.com is a midwest based, family owned business that specializes in trailer hitches and towing products for light duty to heavy duty applications. our company opened for business in 1957 as a manufacturer of trailer hitches and has grown to become an iso 9001-2015 certified company and a leading supplier of hitches, trailer parts and truck accessories to customers throughout north america. unlike some other e-commerce sites, we are not just marketers of other company's products who take your order and then drop ship those products to you. we stock everything we sell on this website. that means faster service, better order fill and tighter quality control.
choosing the right trailer hitch can be a real challenge and having someone to guide you through that process can be a great help. the professional customer service team here at reese-hitches.com is here to help. give us a call or drop us an email and we'll be happy to put our years of experience and hands-on product knowledge to work for you. 
thanks for stopping by. if you don't find what you're looking for please let us know. we have access to thousands of hard-to-find parts available from leading manufacturers throughout the world. our friendly and courteous staff will be happy to help you find whatever you need.
we are an independent authorized dealer for reese products, not affiliated with horizon global corp.

close or press esc

 

cancel or change your order
if you need to cancel or change your order please contact us as soon as possible to do so. 
if you need to cancel your order after it is already been shipped to you - we will need to work with you to make sure that your order is cancelled in our system, ups is notified, and ensure that you "refuse the shipment" from ups. if ups actually delivers the product to you, then contact us to work out how we will get the product back from you. you may incur some of the shipping charges to get the products back to us.

close or press esc

 

safe shopping guarantee
is it safe to use my credit card on your website?
yes, shopping on this website is very safe. every credit card purchase on this web site is covered by our safe shopping guarantee. see guarantee details below.
why is this website so safe to shop on?
safe technology: our secure socket layer computer software (ssl) is the industry standard and among the best computer software available today for secure internet transactions. the computer software that we use encrypts your credit card number so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the internet.
we have been approved by godaddy.com as an ssl secure and authentic site. godaddy.com is one of the industry leaders in providing technology that protects your information. we accept all major credit cards on this site – and, to be able to do this we had to pass very stringent security tests to ensure to the major credit card providers (visa, mastercard, american express, and discover) that your information would be safe and secure on our website.
if you are still not comfortable ordering via the internet, please call us to place your order with one of our customer service representatives.
safe shopping guarantee details:
under the fair credit billing act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. if your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50.00, we will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50.00. we will only cover this liability if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made on our website while using the secure server.
in the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.

close or press esc

 

ordering questions
payment methods
we accept the following forms of payment methods - remember that your order is always completely secure on this website, or if you would like to give us a call to place your order please do so.
credit cards we accept:

visa
mastercard
american express
discover
paypal

we are sorry, but we are unable to accept or process cod shipments.  we will accept money orders and cashiers checks. please make money orders and cashiers checks payable to:
hitchfinder stores
3301 west burnsville parkway
burnsville, mn  55337
 
sales receipts & invoices
we include a sales receipt in all of the packages that we ship from our minnesota warehouse. at times, to get your product to you even faster - we will have your package sent to you directly from the manufacturer's warehouse. in this case there will not be a sales receipt / invoice in the package that you will receive. if this happens, please do not hesitate to contact us to get a copy of your invoice. and, always remember that you will receive an email receipt when you place your order with us with all of the details of your order. this is an official receipt for your records.

close or press esc

 

track your package
please enter your ups tracking number below to track your package: 














notice: ups tracking systems and the information they contain are the private property of ups and may
be used solely to track shipments tendered by, to or for you to ups for delivery and for no other purpose.
any other use of ups tracking systems and information is strictly prohibited.

close or press esc

 

shipping information

shipping status update
due to the high demand on shipping providers and covid-19 restrictions, our standard times for delivery have not been consistent. 
                our in-stock items are still shipping out of our warehouse same-day or next day. we know our shipping providers are doing their best with increased demand 
                and extra safety measures due to covid-19. please note that delivery times may take longer than expected due to these changes. also, most carriers have eliminated
                their delivery guarantees for all shipments, including expedited services.
for additional information about our shipping providers please see the links below.
ups service alerts - 
            usps service alerts -
            spee-dee service updates

we use ups for most of our shipments. we want you to get your products as fast as possible and in excellent condition. that is why we normally use ups - the leader in the package delivery business to get you your order as soon as possible. 98% of our orders get to our customers within 4 - 5 business days. remember, none of the major package delivery carriers (ups included) deliver on the weekends.
depending on the size of your package and its destination, we may at our discretion ship your order via another carrier.
we do have a few restrictions on our shipping. we cannot ship to puerto rico, p.o. boxes or to apo/fpo addresses. we can ship to hawaii - 2nd day ups air. we currently do not ship to mexico, canada or anywhere outside north america. we reserve the right to add shipping expense onto orders that are special case orders - this is very rare, but we needed to state it here and we would advise you of these charges at the time of your order. if you have any questions about our shipping policies - please do not hesitate to call us.
special free freight offers are available and are valid on most orders.  some oversized items and truck shipments may have additional charges applied.  again, we will advise you at the time of your order of any exceptions.
all truck freight shipments must be shipped to a commercial business address.  truck shipments to residential addresses will have additional service charges applied. additionally, we do not ship oversized products outside of the 48 contiguous united states. please contact customer service for special shipping options and requirements.  
refused shipments that we have not been notified of in advance will be charged for outbound and return freight charges and may require additional handling charges of up to 15%.

close or press esc

 

why do we ask for your phone number?
 so we can follow up with you if there are any questions or concerns about your order.
we will not use this for any marketing purposes and we will not share this info with anyone else. 

close or press esc

 

state sales and use tax information 
the sales tax listed on the checkout page is only an estimate. your final charges will contain your actual sales tax including state and local taxes.
we collect and remit sales tax for all sales shipped to the following states; ar, az, ca, co, ct,  fl, ga, ia, id, il, in, ks, ky, la, ma, md, me, mi, mn, nc, nd, ne, nj, nm, nv, ny, oh, ok, pa, ri, sc, sd, tn, tx, ut, va, vt, wa, wi, wv, wy.
as of 7/1/2022 we are required to collect the colorado retail delivery fee for all orders shipped to colorado. if applicable, this fee will be automatically added to your order. 
we cannot process tax exempt orders on this web site. our sister site www.rigidhitch.com can process tax exempt orders. 
    please create a new account on the rigid hitch site before placing an order, so we can set up your tax exempt status.

close or press esc















