












dhcd | dhcd











      skip to main content
    























menu






search dhcd














access cams










about


housing


businesses






communities


codes


broadband






englishenglishamharicarabicchinese (simplified)chinese (traditional)dutchfrenchgermanitaliankoreanpersianportugueserussianspanishswahilivietnamese



































 














tenant and landlord resources










careers










whitewood flood relief










bandy flood relief










hurley flood relief










commission on local government























partners for better communities 







partners for better connectivity







partners for better housing







partners for better businesses










previous









next











































recent news








 




02.07.2025
governor youngkin announces over $23.6 million in community development block grants 
governor glenn youngkin today announced more than $23.6 million in community development block grants (cdbg) for 33 projects across the commonwealth. the funding will support projects that rehabilitate housing, revitalize downtown districts, and improve water and sewer infrastructure benefiting more than 10,000 low- and moderate-income virginians.  

“the foundation of every thriving community includes affordable homes, robust infrastructure, and an economy that works for everyone,” said governor glenn youngkin. “cdbg continues to be an invaluable resource for addressing community-identified needs by filling in crucial funding gaps to build stronger communities across the commonwealth.” 

the federally funded cdbg program has been administered by the virginia department of housing and community development since 1982 and annually receives approximately $19 million to distribute to small cities, counties and towns. with these funds, localities can provide new or improved water and sewer systems in rural areas, rehabilitate housing in declining neighborhoods, revitalize commercial districts and provide facilities for a variety of needed services, such as health care clinics in underserved areas. 

“while each of the 33 awarded projects support vastly different community goals, they all foster strong local partnerships, diverse regional economies and a higher quality of life for virginians,” said secretary of commerce and trade caren merrick. “cdbg funding offers the flexibility needed to address the unique concerns of diverse communities, while building a stronger, more cohesive commonwealth.” 

“community development block grants have facilitated targeted support to virginia’s communities for over 40 years, and their effects have been profound,” said director of virginia department of housing and community development bryan horn. “by investing in our communities, we are able to support them in the unique ways that they need, with solutions that include their residents’ unique voices, all while protecting vulnerable populations and building stronger local economies.”  

a full list of the 2024 cdbg awarded projects can be found below: 












 



12.23.2024
governor glenn youngkin announces nine new designated virginia main street communities  
designated main streets can access resources to advance downtown revitalization and business development

governor glenn youngkin today announced nine new organizations for the advancing virginia main street designation. the newly designated communities will receive intensive services to help strengthen their downtowns, including market analysis, marketplace development, capacity building, design assistance, organization development, economic strategies, and façade renderings for redevelopment projects. 

"the virginia main street program has been instrumental in nurturing small businesses, growing local economies, and preserving historic downtowns for nearly 40 years,” said governor glenn youngkin. “i applaud these newly designated virginia main street communities for their commitment to revitalization, and i look forward to your community’s continued success.”  

since 1985, the department of housing and community development (dhcd) has been providing assistance to localities engaged in downtown commercial district revitalization through the virginia main street program. virginia uses the national main street center’s® comprehensive, incremental main street approach® to downtown revitalization, which is built around a community’s unique heritage, culture, and historic building attributes.  

“downtowns are the heart and soul of many communities across the commonwealth, and these newly designated communities are no exception,” said secretary of commerce and trade caren merrick. “the virginia main street program offers crucial investments to support their economic development while preserving the unique cultures and histories that make virginia’s downtown areas such tourism destinations. main street investments are a key driver to making virginia the best place to live, work and raise a family.”

“the main street approach® is a time-tested, flexible framework to foster community-driven, comprehensive community revitalization,” said director of the virginia department of housing and community development bryan horn. “we are extremely proud of our virginia main street communities and are excited to be continuing a strong tradition of supporting local economies across the commonwealth.”  

since 1985, virginia main street communities have generated more than $2.6 billion in public and private investment. new businesses locating, expanding, or relocating to virginia main street communities have created more than 27,000 jobs. 

for more information, visit dhcd.virginia.gov/vms.  





 


 



12.23.2024
governor glenn youngkin celebrates ntia approval of virginia’s bead-eligible locations to expand broadband access
applications will be accepted until march 1 for federal broadband deployment funding 

governor glenn youngkin today announced approval from the national telecommunications and information administration (ntia) for virginia’s list of over 133,000 eligible locations that will receive high-speed internet access through the commonwealth’s $1.48 billion broadband equity, access, and deployment (bead) allocation to connect all virginians to high-speed, affordable reliable internet. this approval supports virginia’s efforts to close the digital divide and deploy internet networks to areas without broadband. virginia was the first state in the nation to submit all required bead plans to access funding.  

“virginia remains firmly committed to bridging the digital divide across the commonwealth so all virginians can thrive in our digital world,” said governor glenn youngkin. “coupling this historic investment with the state’s ongoing broadband efforts, we are confident that we will connect all virginians that are currently unserved to high-speed, affordable internet, therefore solidifying virginia’s place as the best state to live, work and raise a family.” 

the bead program is a $42.45 billion nationwide program to expand high-speed internet access by funding planning, infrastructure deployment, affordability and adoption programs. the department of housing and community development (dhcd) will administer the commonwealth’s $1.48 billion bead allocation to build upon the work of the virginia telecommunication initiative (vati). as funding for universal broadband access is being delivered, dhcd will also utilize these funds to invest in efforts promoting digital literacy and improving adoption of this critical service.  

“today’s announcement puts virginia another step closer to being the first large state in the nation to reach statewide universal broadband coverage,” said secretary of commerce and trade caren merrick. “we applaud the approval of our eligible locations, and we look forward to getting the job done to close the digital divide across the commonwealth.” 

dhcd has launched the application for bead funding. applications will be accepted until march 1, and a full list of eligible locations is available here and at the address level on the virginia broadband availability map. 

“dhcd has worked diligently to ensure virginia maintains its position as a leader in bead implementation and places our broadband providers in the best position to continue their work to connect all virginians,” said director of the virginia department of housing and community development and chief broadband advisor bryan horn. “this funding will assist in finishing the job to bring high-speed, affordable internet to all parts of virginia.” 

since 2017, virginia has allocated over $966 million in state and federal funding to extend broadband infrastructure to over 402,000 locations in 82 cities and counties across the commonwealth. these investments have leveraged an additional $1.2 billion in matching funds from local governments and internet service providers. 

for more information about virginia’s broadband efforts, visit dhcd.virginia.gov/broadband.  
 















upcoming events











 

03.11.2025
go virginia state board meeting
the board agenda and packet will be located at the following link: https://www.dhcd.virginia.gov/virginia-growth-and-opportunity-go-virginia-board. please follow the link below to provide your written comments to dhcd in regards to the go virginia board meetings. submissions will be accepted until…





							1:00pm
															- 3:00pm
													






library of virginia
800 e broad st
richmond va 23219












 

03.11.2025
go virginia state board meeting
the board agenda and packet will be located at the following link: https://www.dhcd.virginia.gov/virginia-growth-and-opportunity-go-virginia-board. please follow the link below to provide your written comments to dhcd in regards to the go virginia board meetings.






							1:00pm
															- 3:00pm
													








 












 

06.10.2025
go virginia state board meeting
the board agenda and packet will be located at the following link: https://www.dhcd.virginia.gov/virginia-growth-and-opportunity-go-virginia-board.






							1:00pm
															- 3:00pm
													








 












 

09.09.2025
go virginia state board meeting
the board agenda and packet will be located at the following link: https://www.dhcd.virginia.gov/virginia-growth-and-opportunity-go-virginia-board. 






							1:00pm
															- 3:00pm
													








 













previous









next










click to view all dhcd events













hud's price grant






dhcd is developing an application for the department of housing and urban development (hud)’s preservation and reinvestment initiative for community enhancement (price) grant, intended to preserve long-term housing affordability for manufactured housing communities. read the draft application here, and the spanish/español version here














tenant and landlord resources






current state law requires landlords and tenants to cooperate with each other in matters regarding nonpayment of rent and applying for rental assistance based on income eligibility and availability of rental assistance funds. if you feel like this is not happening, you should contact an attorney to learn more about your legal rights.














homeless assistance and prevention 






are you experiencing homelessness? need assistance? access to your community’s homeless services providers via the primary contact number. click here for your community’s local hotline.

















career opportunities

want to join the dhcd team? in order to apply for a dhcd position, applicants must apply online. dhcd is an equal employment opportunity employer. 



click her to see job openings










virginia governor's housing conference

mark your calendar for the 2024 virginia governor’s housing conference nov. 13-15 in virginia beach, virginia. join us for this three-day event packed full of educational sessions led by experts in housing, finance, and community development.



learn more










partners for better communities podcast 

each episode features the voices of leaders and change makers across the commonwealth. we'll look at the innovation and inspiration at play as local, regional, and state leaders work together to create safe, affordable, and prosperous communities.



check out our podcast


















virginia main street blog

check out the latest happenings in the main street and downtown revitalization world through the virginia main street blog.



learn more










code development process

the virginia building codes are updated through the code development process. virginia is a leader in building and fire code development, and stakeholder input is vital to virginia’s code development process. participation is encouraged and remote participation is made possible through cdpva.



click here










landlord tenant handbook

the virginia residential landlord and tenant act (vrlta) handbook has been prepared to provide information on the rights, remedies and responsibilities of landlords and renters concerning the rental process. before signing a lease, prospective tenants should read and understand the terms of the contract. consulting a lawyer or the landlord for clarification of the rental agreement is advisable.



learn more





















contact us
600 east main street, suite 300
richmond, va 23219
804 371 7000 







access cams

foia  
organizational chart 
audit policy 
sign up for dhcd updates 
contact us 














© virginia department of housing and community development






















 × 














