



volkswagen canada | discover our suvs and car lineup






























skip to main contentskip to footermenuclick for homepagemodels and offersbuildshop nowsearch new and pre-owned inventorycomparefinance or lease?why certified pre-ownedprepaid maintenanceshop merchandisewhy vwtotal cost of ownershipelectric vehiclesthe id.4the id. buzzev hubfaqsfinancial servicessteps to financing a vwvolkswagen protection plus®end of leasefaqsmy accountowners and driversservice and maintenance parts, accessories and merchtires and tire storagewarranties and roadside assistanceowner's manual and literaturevehicle software updatesvolksklubmyvw appplug &charge--:--remaining time, --:--the all-electric id. buzzbook a test drivesee what the buzz is aboutonce you see life half-full, it'll never look the samefinance the 2024 id.4 for 0% for 60 months§ + $8,000 all-electric bonus cash*****offers end february 28thshop id.4open external linkfinance a 2025 taos for 2.99% for 60 months**offers end february 28thshop taosopen external linklease a 2025 atlas for 3.99% for 48 months^^^offers end february 28thshop atlasopen external linkour award-winning lineupthe 2025 id. buzz, 1 of 3the 2025 atlas and atlas cross sport, 2 of 3the 2025 jetta and jetta gli, 3 of 3the 2025 id. buzzquality german engineering means you’re always getting the best drive imaginable. being recognized for it is just the cherry on top. we’re proud to say that our id. buzz, jetta, jetta gli, atlas and atlas cross sport are all award-winning vehicles for their impressively high safety ratings.the 2025 north american utility vehicle of the year™explore the id. buzzthe 2025 atlas and atlas cross sport5-star overall safety rating ⁠1explore the atlasexplore the atlas cross sportthe 2025 jetta and jetta gli5-star overall safety rating ⁠1explore the jettaexplore the jetta glithe 2025 id. buzzquality german engineering means you’re always getting the best drive imaginable. being recognized for it is just the cherry on top. we’re proud to say that our id. buzz, jetta, jetta gli, atlas and atlas cross sport are all award-winning vehicles for their impressively high safety ratings.the 2025 north american utility vehicle of the year™explore the id. buzzthe 2025 atlas and atlas cross sport5-star overall safety rating ⁠1explore the atlasexplore the atlas cross sportthe 2025 jetta and jetta gli5-star overall safety rating ⁠1explore the jettaexplore the jetta gli“it’s one of the last affordable sedans on the market … and it’s a very good car.”the 2025 volkswagen jetta and jetta gli caught the attention of the toronto star. curious about their review?read the articleopen external linkwhat makes volkswagen, volkswagengerman engineering – it’s what we’re famous for. say ‘guten tag’ to german engineering.stay connected with the myvw app - your volkswagen at your fingertips. learn more about myvw.pre-paid maintenance – it means no worries and no fuss. explore our plans today.low total cost of ownership – owning a vw costs less than you think. we’ll show you.volksklub – our owners get access to exclusive events and benefits. see for yourself.certified pre-owned – the same german engineering, just pre-owned. explore our models.take the next stepssearch new & pre-owned inventorydownload buyer’s guidesshop our parts & accessoriesfind a dealercompare our modelsbook a test drivesearch new & pre-owned inventory, 1 of 6shop our parts & accessories, 2 of 6compare our models, 3 of 6download buyer’s guides, 4 of 6find a dealer, 5 of 6book a test drive, 6 of 6search new & pre-owned inventoryshop our parts & accessoriescompare our modelsdownload buyer’s guidesfind a dealerbook a test drivefind your volkswagenexplore our modelsbuild your vwcost of ownershipcompare our vehiclesshopping toolssearch new and pre-owned inventorycertified pre-ownedbuyer's guidesbook a test drivecorporate salesfind a dealerabout volkswagenabout volkswagenbook a service appointmentcontact uscareerspartners and sponsorshipsconnect with usfacebookinstagramtwitteryoutubelinkedinnewsletterenfrlegal and complianceusage agreementprivacy policycookies policymanage your cookieschange postal codeindustry guidance for emergency responders human rightscode of conductstolen vehicle recovery© volkswagen canada 2025disclaimers by volkswagen† prices shown are msrp where indicated. msrp is the manufacturer’s suggested retail price and excludes taxes, freight and pdi ($2,050 (2025 jetta and jetta gli), $1,950 (2024 golf gti and golf r), $2,175 (2025 taos), $2,100 (2024 tiguan and id.4), $2,250 (2025 atlas cross sport and atlas) and $2,500 (2025 id. buzz), levies, fees, optional equipment, license, insurance, registration, and any dealer or other charges (where applicable). if msrp is not mentioned, prices shown include freight and pdi, environmental levies, and a $500 representative dealer admin fee (actual fee amount is set by dealers and varies, up to $500). dealer administration fee includes documentation and administration costs related to the delivery of the vehicle, such as the dealer cost involved in licensing, lien search, and contract administration. environmental or related levies and taxes may vary by jurisdiction. dealer may sell for less. prices are in canadian dollars. this is not an offer to sell at a certain price. actual selling prices and terms are set by dealers. european or american models may be shown. specifications, equipment, options, and prices are subject to change without notice. although we endeavour to ensure that the information contained on the website is accurate, as errors may occur from time to time, customers should contact their local volkswagen dealer for details. photos for illustration purposes only.  model specifications provided may vary based on selected trim, options, and installed accessories.**limited time finance offer available through volkswagen financial services, on approved credit, based on a new and unregistered 2025 taos 1.5t comfortline black edition base model in serrano green metallic (for an additional $500) with 8-speed automatic with tiptronic® 4motion transmission having a starting price of $40,374.00, including $68 ppsa registration fee (including third-party registering agent fee), $2,175 freight and pdi, $100 air conditioning levy, $23 tire recycling levy, $13 omvic fee, and $500 representative dealer admin fee (actual fee is set by dealers and varies, up to $500), and included in weekly payment. dealer administration fee includes documentation and administration costs related to the delivery of the vehicle, such as the dealer cost involved in licensing, lien search, and contract administration. finance example: 60-month term at 2.99% apr equals a weekly payment of $166. $0 down payment or equivalent trade-in due at signing. in ontario, volkswagen group canada inc. is responsible for the tire recycling fee used to cover the cost of collecting and recycling end of life tires when returned by consumers. license, insurance, registration, options and applicable taxes are extra. cost of borrowing is $3,067 for a total obligation of $42,941. dealer may sell for less. dealer order/trade may be necessary (but may not be available in all cases). conditions apply. offers end february 28, 2025 and are subject to change or cancellation without notice.
visit vwoffers.ca or your volkswagen dealer for details. “volkswagen,” the volkswagen logo, all model names and trimline names are registered trademarks or trademarks of volkswagen ag, used under license. © 2025 volkswagen canada.^^^limited time lease offer available through volkswagen financial services, on approved credit, based on a new and unregistered 2025 atlas 2.0t execline base model with 8-speed automatic transmission with tiptronic® 4motion® transmission having a starting price of $63,949.00, including $68 ppsa registration fee (including third-party registering agent fee), $2,250 freight and pdi, $100 air conditioning levy, $23 tire recycling levy, $13 omvic fee, and $500 representative dealer admin fee (actual fee is set by dealers and varies, up to $500), and included in weekly payment. dealer administration fee includes documentation and administration costs related to the delivery of the vehicle, such as the dealer cost involved in licensing, lien search, and contract administration. in ontario, volkswagen group canada inc. is responsible for the tire recycling fee used to cover the cost of collecting and recycling end of life tires when returned by consumers. dealer may sell for less. dealer order/trade may be necessary (but may not be available in all cases). conditions apply. lease example: 48-month term at 3.99% apr equals a weekly payment of $201. $0 down payment or equivalent trade-in, $800 security deposit, and first weekly payment due at lease inception. license, insurance, registration, options and applicable taxes are extra. total lease obligation: $41,603. residual value is 49%. annual 20,000 kilometre allowance; charge of $0.12/km per excess kilometre. offers end february 28, 2025 and are subject to change or cancellation without notice.
visit vwoffers.ca or your volkswagen dealer for details. “volkswagen,” the volkswagen logo, all model names and trimline names are registered trademarks or trademarks of volkswagen ag, used under license. © 2025 volkswagen canada.^^^^limited time lease offer available through volkswagen financial services, on approved credit, based on a new and unregistered 2025 jetta 1.5t highline base model with 8-speed automatic transmission with tiptronic® transmission having a starting price of $34,949.00, including $68 ppsa registration fee (including third-party registering agent fee), $2,050 freight and pdi, $100 air conditioning levy, $23 tire recycling levy, $13 omvic fee, and $500 representative dealer admin fee (actual fee is set by dealers and varies, up to $500), and included in weekly payment. dealer administration fee includes documentation and administration costs related to the delivery of the vehicle, such as the dealer cost involved in licensing, lien search, and contract administration. in ontario, volkswagen group canada inc. is responsible for the tire recycling fee used to cover the cost of collecting and recycling end of life tires when returned by consumers. dealer may sell for less. dealer order/trade may be necessary (but may not be available in all cases). conditions apply.v lease example: 48-month term at 5.99% apr equals a weekly payment of $121. $0 down payment or equivalent trade-in, $480 security deposit, and first weekly payment due at lease inception. license, insurance, registration, options and applicable taxes are extra. total lease obligation: $25,039. residual value is 50%. annual 16,000 kilometre allowance; charge of $0.15/km per excess kilometre. offers end february 28, 2025 and are subject to change or cancellation without notice.
visit vwoffers.ca or your volkswagen dealer for details. “volkswagen,” the volkswagen logo, all model names and trimline names are registered trademarks or trademarks of volkswagen ag, used under license. © 2025 volkswagen canada.***limited time finance offer available through volkswagen financial services, on approved credit, based on a new and unregistered 2024 tiguan 2.0t trendline base model with 8-speed automatic with tiptronic® 4motion® transmission having a starting price of $37,299.00, including $68 ppsa registration fee (including third-party registering agent fee), $2,100 freight and pdi, $100 air conditioning levy, $23 tire recycling levy, $13 omvic fee, and $500 representative dealer admin fee (actual fee is set by dealers and varies, up to $500), and included in weekly payment. dealer administration fee includes documentation and administration costs related to the delivery of the vehicle, such as the dealer cost involved in licensing, lien search, and contract administration. finance example: 60-month term at 2.99% apr equals a weekly payment of $155. $0 down payment or equivalent trade-in due at signing. in ontario, volkswagen group canada inc. is responsible for the tire recycling fee used to cover the cost of collecting and recycling end of life tires when returned by consumers. license, insurance, registration, options and applicable taxes are extra. cost of borrowing is $2,869 for a total obligation of $40,168. dealer may sell for less. dealer order/trade may be necessary (but may not be available in all cases). conditions apply. offers end january 31, 2025 and are subject to change or cancellation without notice.
visit vwoffers.ca or your volkswagen dealer for details. “volkswagen,” the volkswagen logo, all model names and trimline names are registered trademarks or trademarks of volkswagen ag, used under license. © 2025 volkswagen canada.12limited time finance offer available through volkswagen financial services, on approved credit, based on a new and unregistered 2024 golf r 2.0 t base model with 6-speed manual 4motion® transmission having a starting price of $51,849.00, including $68 ppsa registration fee (including third-party registering agent fee), $1,950 freight and pdi, $100 air conditioning levy, $23 tire recycling levy, $13 omvic fee, and $500 representative dealer admin fee (actual fee is set by dealers and varies, up to $500), and included in weekly payment. dealer administration fee includes documentation and administration costs related to the delivery of the vehicle, such as the dealer cost involved in licensing, lien search, and contract administration. finance example: 60-month term at 2.99% apr equals a weekly payment of $215. $0 down payment or equivalent trade-in due at signing. in ontario, volkswagen group canada inc. is responsible for the tire recycling fee used to cover the cost of collecting and recycling end of life tires when returned by consumers. license, insurance, registration, options and applicable taxes are extra. cost of borrowing is $3,988 for a total obligation of $55,837. dealer may sell for less. dealer order/trade may be necessary (but may not be available in all cases). conditions apply. offers end february 28, 2025 and are subject to change or cancellation without notice.
visit vwoffers.ca or your volkswagen dealer for details. “volkswagen,” the volkswagen logo, all model names and trimline names are registered trademarks or trademarks of volkswagen ag, used under license. © 2025 volkswagen canada.⁑ loyalty offer available to current volkswagen owners and previous volkswagen owners who returned a leased vehicle, or whose finance contract with volkswagen financial services ended, within the past 90 days (some exceptions apply), with purchase or lease of a new, unregistered volkswagen model. 2 yr vw prepaid maintenance plan provided at no additional cost. if customer purchases longer maintenance, offer will cover the first 2 years / 30,000 km at the value indicated and customer will pay the balance. plan covers regular maintenance appointments (for services recommended by vw) within 2 years or 30,000 km (whichever occurs first). visit https://www.vw.ca/en/shopping-tools/prepaid-maintenance.html or your volkswagen dealer for more details. valid identification and proof of valid loan/lease for/of volkswagen that was: (i) active for a minimum of 90 days; (ii) in good standing throughout the term; and (iii) that ended within the 90 days prior to the expiry of this offer, are required. volkswagen vehicles currently being financed/leased with volkswagen financial services are not eligible for the rate reduction. offer is transferable to an immediate family member living in the same household as the primary/co-primary buyer or lessee. offer is non-exchangeable for cash. offer ends march 31 2025 and is subject to change or cancellation without notice.⁑⁑ loyalty rate reduction applies to volkswagen special rates offered through volkswagen financial services. offer available at participating dealers only. applicable to all eligible current volkswagen owners and previous volkswagen owners who returned a leased vehicle, or whose finance contract with volkswagen financial services ended, within the past 90 days (some exceptions apply). 1.00% reduction available on 2025 model year jetta, gli, taos, atlas and cross sport new and unregistered  models. the loyalty rate on any lease, including the discount, will not be below 0.0%. valid identification and proof of valid loan/lease for/of volkswagen that was: (i) active for a minimum of 90 days; (ii) in good standing throughout the term; and (iii) that ended within the 90 days prior to the expiry of this offer, are required. volkswagen vehicles currently being financed/leased with volkswagen financial services are not eligible for the rate reduction. offer is transferable to an immediate family member living in the same household as the primary/co-primary buyer or lessee. offer is non-exchangeable for cash. offer expires february 28, 2025 and is subject to change or cancellation without notice. visit your volkswagen dealer for details. "volkswagen" and the volkswagen logo are registered trademarks of volkswagen ag.© 2025 volkswagen financial services.◊◊amount shown is the maximum incentive provided by the applicable governments. vw does not administer these incentives. bc offers an incentive of up to $4,000 based on income. amounts and eligibility are subject to change. incentive information is provided for informational purposes only and vw makes no representations about the actual amount or eligibility for the incentive. see the provincial or federal administrator for details.22limited time finance offer available through volkswagen financial services, on approved credit, based on a new and unregistered 2024 golf gti 2.0t performance base model in oryx white pearl with black roof (for an additional $495) with 6-speed manual transmission having a starting price of $44,144.00, including $68 ppsa registration fee (including third-party registering agent fee), $1,950 freight and pdi, $100 air conditioning levy, $23 tire recycling levy, $13 omvic fee, and $500 representative dealer admin fee (actual fee is set by dealers and varies, up to $500), and included in weekly payment. dealer administration fee includes documentation and administration costs related to the delivery of the vehicle, such as the dealer cost involved in licensing, lien search, and contract administration. finance example: 60-month term at 3.49% apr equals a weekly payment of $184. $0 down payment or equivalent trade-in due at signing. in ontario, volkswagen group canada inc. is responsible for the tire recycling fee used to cover the cost of collecting and recycling end of life tires when returned by consumers. license, insurance, registration, options and applicable taxes are extra. cost of borrowing is $3,934 for a total obligation of $47,583. dealer may sell for less. dealer order/trade may be necessary (but may not be available in all cases). conditions apply. offers end february 28, 2025 and are subject to change or cancellation without notice.
visit vwoffers.ca or your volkswagen dealer for details. “volkswagen,” the volkswagen logo, all model names and trimline names are registered trademarks or trademarks of volkswagen ag, used under license. © 2025 volkswagen canada.§limited time finance offer available through volkswagen financial services, on approved credit, based on a new and unregistered 2024 id.4 electric id.4 pro s awd base model in ice grey metallic with black roof (for an additional $1,000) and 21” narvik wheel package (for an additional $1,000) with single-speed transmission having a starting price of $57,299.00, including $68 ppsa registration fee (including third-party registering agent fee), $2,100 freight and pdi, $100 air conditioning levy, $23 tire recycling levy, $13 omvic fee, and $500 representative dealer admin fee (actual fee is set by dealers and varies, up to $500), and included in weekly payment. dealer administration fee includes documentation and administration costs related to the delivery of the vehicle, such as the dealer cost involved in licensing, lien search, and contract administration. finance example: 60-month term at 0.00% apr equals a weekly payment of $213, after application of $8,000 credit. $0 down payment or equivalent trade-in due at signing. in ontario, volkswagen group canada inc. is responsible for the tire recycling fee used to cover the cost of collecting and recycling end of life tires when returned by consumers. license, insurance, registration, options and applicable taxes are extra. cost of borrowing is $0 for a total obligation of $55,299. dealer may sell for less. dealer order/trade may be necessary (but may not be available in all cases). conditions apply. offers end february 28, 2025 and are subject to change or cancellation without notice. 
*****$8,000 cash bonus available to be applied as a discount off msrp, before taxes, on cash purchase, finance or lease (through volkswagen financial services, on approved credit) of new and unregistered 2024 id.4 models.
visit vwoffers.ca or your volkswagen dealer for details. “volkswagen,” the volkswagen logo, all model names and trimline names are registered trademarks or trademarks of volkswagen ag, used under license. © 2025 volkswagen canada.

















