























port canaveral cruise port | port canaveral cruise port



































































directions to port canaveral cruise port
port canaveral cruise port




















port canaveral cruise port



menu

 home
 cruises

disney cruises

disney fantasy cruise ship


carnival cruise

carnival freedom port canaveral


royal caribbean cruises


 hotels

comfort inn


 directions
 news

disney world orlando
new cruise terminal development


contact page
 










port canaveral cruise port


port canaveral cruise port, florida
things to do near port canaveral cruise port video





welcome to port canaveral cruise port area guide
welcome to port canaveral cruise port travel site. find hotels and travel at discount rates. we are happy that you have decided to choose port canaveral cruise port to help you decide on your next cruise vacation. whether you plan on taking a cruise vacation or visiting cape canaveral, or perhaps you wish to stay in cape canaveral or near port canaveral, you should find all the information you need right here on our site.





advertisement






continue to content





we offer detailed information on the following cruises:

carnival cruises
disney cruises
royal caribbean cruises.

directions to port canaveral cruise port
if you wonder how to get to port canaveral or need directions to port canaveral and the address, we have dedicated a page with several routes from different surrounding airports:

from orlando international airport
from melbourne international airport
from orlando sanford international airport
from space coast regional airport
from daytona beach international airport
from fort lauderdale or miami
from your current location











hotels near port canaveral
we also offer information on many pre-selected hotels near cape canaveral and port canaveral. we believe these hotels are the best choices for you and your family and should satisfy everyone’s budgets and sought-after popular amenities.












top 3 most popular hotels near port canaveral







radisson resort at the port canaveral

4 miles from

port canaveral


more info




$$$
based on avg.
check rates














country inn & suites cape canaveral

9009 astronaut blvd
1 mile from port canaveral
more info




$$$
based on avg.
check rates








residence inn port canaveral


residence inn cape canaveral cocoa beach

8959 astronaut blvd
1 mile from port canaveral
more in




$$$
based on avg.








things to do near port canaveral
if you are looking for things to do near port canaveral and cape canaveral, port canaveral cruise port has one of the best pre and post-vacation lists in the world.





port canaveral tropical cruises
here you can find port canaveral cruises and cruises leaving from port canaveral near cape canaveral. port canaveral is home to 3 major cruise line companies. these are carnival cruises, disney cruises and royal caribbean cruises. if you wish to find out more about cruises in general, please visit our cruises page





advertisement






continue to content




















royal caribbean port canaveral


spend a vacation in the caribbean on the freedom of the seas or the explorer of the seas or to the bahamas aboard the enchantment of the seasfind out more





advertisement






continue to content






disney dream port canaveral


head to the bahamas, the caribbeans or even to portugal and spain all aboard a disney cruise!find out more




carnival dream port canaveral


head to the caribbeans, the bahamas, or both aboard the carnival sensation!get details on all carnival cruise ships







why is port canaveral so popular?
apart from being close to its most popular attraction, the kennedy space center, the waves of cocoa beach also attracts many surfers every day. it also happens to be very close to orlando, florida and its many amusement parks which includes the world-famous disney world.
the port itself provides access to 3 major cruise lines: carnival cruises, disney cruises and royal caribbean cruises which you can find details on this very site. you can find out what all the fun is about by finding out things to do near port canaveral and cape canaveral.
a very little-known fact is also that it is home to some of the nicest and most fun nearby hotels in all of florida
for cruises call 954-969-0069
for hotels call local 954-773-2795





advertisement






continue to content



 

share








tweet



share

 




















port canaveral cruise port copyright © 2025.
theme by hotel411.com 













