












flip fest gymnastics camps | crossville, tn

















































































facebook




instagram




parent log-in
register for camp

 
 
 










register

new camper registration
parent log in
cancellation policy
dates, discounts & fees
waiting list


parent guide

transportation
packing list
cancellation policy
lodging & dining
faq
medical


staff

special guests
flip fest directors
positions available
apply to be a staff member


additional camps

acro fest
cheer fest
fall adventure camp
lake frances retreats
ninja fest


day in the life of a camper

camper schedule
facilities
safety
rec activities
testimonials


contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 














the ultimate gymnastics camp experience















 best. week.  ever. 
 get ready for the best week of the summer. it’s time for the flip fest experience. 
 this isn’t summer camp as usual. at flip fest, we believe in fueling young gymnasts’ passion for the sport and building their excitement and confidence in themselves. 
flip fest is more than training great gymnasts. surrounded by the beauty of lake frances in crossville, tennessee, our goal is to equip your child to become great in gymnastics and every other part of their lives.
through elite level coaching from our world-class staff, your child will return home with a renewed love for gymnastics and ready to reach their goals.
at our lake frances property, we immerse our campers in a safe, positive environment where we blend high-quality coaching with fun and exciting activities. flip fest is the perfect getaway for our campers ages 7 to 17 to train, learn, and have the best week of their summer.
are you ready for the flip fest experience?
dates & rates  parent guide  additional camps












1



day in the life of a camper
 training from world class coaches and olympic athletes? dance parties? ropes courses and jet skis? it’s all here at flip fest. 
learn more








flip fest staff
 ready to join our gold medal team? flip fest is looking for those ready to be a part of our winning culture and uplifting environment. we have a wide range of positions to fill each summer, including coaches, counselors, lifeguards, and volunteer positions.
if you’re over 18 and you have a passion to help young gymnasts believe in themselves and improve their skills, flip fest is the place for you this summer. join our team to create memories for campers and staff that will last a lifetime. 
join our team















“phenomenal staff & volunteers”
my daughter’s favorite summer training spot. they adapted to covid regulations seamlessly and make the process so easy for parents. i absolutely love bringing my gymnast here and she saves her own money to return every summer. phenomenal staff and volunteers.
likia s









“i miss flip fest’ that is the statement heard echoing in our house at least once a day! as a parent, i cannot recommend this camp enough. we live in new jersey, and although we are 12 hours away by car, we know with the utmost certainty that our daughter, logan, is always safe and happy at camp. the love, the friendship, the encouragement, the fun, the feeling of true safety and belonging…. all of these things together help create ‘the greatest place on earth’”
deb s, nj









“i’ve always been impressed with flip fest’s commitment to teaching good gymnastics.“
it’s not just playtime although there’s plenty of fun too. flip fest is the only camp i’ve taught at in the last 15 years. if you’re going to go to camp you’ve got to go to flip fest.  
tom forster, national team coordinator & owner of colorado aerials gymnastics









“we absolutely love everything about this place. from the beautiful camp setting, to the wide range of activities offered. it’s more than just gymnastics. but what really makes flip fest so amazing and so special are the people. the energy and the love that everyone has for every single child, is something i have never seen, or been a part of, anywhere else, and i have been a part of dozens of sports camps over the years. simply put, flip fest is magical!”
chuck t, al









“we have been going to flip fest for 10 years”
we feel as owners and coaches that have a club that has a unique family culture that john and john, as well as their incredible staff, have created the very same culture. our athletes, staff and even my family feel that it is our home away from home. it’s also our happy place that every athlete comes away with a great learning experience. it is truly an inspiring place for young people to grow in many ways. 
scott and debbie cusimano, owners of gymquarters gymnastics st. louis, mo









“the camp, gymnastics, activities, food, staff, friendships, and fun was so much that landyn attended flip fest twice her first year. she learned so many new skills, made friends that have withstood 4 years, and has grown as an individual. if gymnastics is in the heart of your little one, then flip fest is a camp of a lifetime! as a parent of a gymnast with medical needs: flip fest gymnastics camp receives an honorable seal of parent approval.”
rhonda m, mo









“it’s always our favorite experience of the year.“
flip fest is the first camp i’ve brought my son to and he absolutely loved every second of it. from the counselors, to the friends he made, the gymnastics he learned, the fears he conquered on the ropes course it’s always our favorite experience of the year.”
blaine wilson, 3-time olympian   









“i have been sending my son and daughter to flipfest since 2015. each year the kids come home with many great camp stories to tell from training goals reached, new skills developed, friendships made, camp activities, and the great fun they had for a week away at camp. i would encourage anyone to send their child to this great, safe and fun training camp.” 
bill h, al









“flip fest is so important to claire! i believe it is a place where she can be herself, be encouraged, make new friends and grow overall as a person!”
lynda p, mo








view more










camp info & faqs
along with elite gymnastics training, our lake frances property offers a wide range of activities from hiking to jet skiing to ropes courses. no matter your child’s skill level, we have a place for him/her at flip fest. 
more information







keep up with flip fest
 did you know flip fest is the only camp owned by two olympic gymnasts? follow us on facebook to see the latest on what’s happening at camp and all the olympic and world champion athletes who work with our campers at our facility in beautiful crossville, tennessee. 
register now












register
parent guide
staff
additional camps
day in the life of a camper
contact










 






register
parent guide
staff
additional camps
day in the life of a camper
contact
 
 



 dates & rates
register online

 
    

 contact
1-800-390-0821
info@flipfest.com
272 lake frances road
crossville, tn 38571

 





all content copyright © 2025, flip fest.


 

 
 
 

































