
















naruwanformosa








































































naruwanformosa






























































































thursday, december 6, 2012








small animal but deadly





god is the most righteous and perfect, he created this earth 
beings with deficiency and excess, deficiency and excess that make we 
should be very thankful to god. neither does the animals, some animals 
such as elephant, buffalo, etc., they can protect themselves from his 
enemy using his strength. then what about a small animal? they also can 
protect themselves with the strengths of each, even deadly.
below are these animals:

9. tick

fleas eat blood and attach themselves to other animals (including 
humans). they can be difficult to remove and removal should be done with
 caution because they can leave their head which can lead to serious 
infections. according to wikipedia, hard ticks (hard ticks) can transmit
 human diseases such as lyme disease, rocky mountain fever, tularemia, 
equine encephalitis, colorado tick fever, african tick bite fever, and 
several forms of ehrlichiosis.

8. tarantula hawk

tarantula hawk is named after the fact that they hunt tarantulas as 
their larval food. their sting is rated as one of the most painful in 
the world (although it does not hurt like a bullet ant). one researcher 
described the “[...] as a direct cause shock, excruciating pain that 
simply shuts down one’s ability to do anything, except, perhaps, scream.
 mental discipline just does not work in this situation.” tarantula hawk
 is the ‘official insect’ the state of new mexico. had a great title 
“official insects”

7. tsetse flies

the fly is a large biting flies that eat the blood of african 
vertebrates. they are known to cause disease in humans and nagana sleep 
in cattle. sleeping sickness is a parasitic disease in humans and 
animals caused by trypanosoma, a protozoan that is transmitted by the 
tsetse fly. symptoms of sleeping sickness begins with a fever and 
headache and swelling at the back of the neck. after that, the victim 
may experience daytime sleep and insomnia. this can lead to death 
afterwards.

6. africanized bees

bees are also called killer bees, and are descended from 26 tanzanian
 queen bees are bred with other species after they accidentally released
 from the nest in brazil. what makes bees deadly is their defensive 
nature and tendency to huddle. in addition, they tend to follow the 
victim even when it was far from the nest. this aggressiveness when 
attacking ensure potential threats painful death for the victim.

5. deathstalker

it is a species of scorpion is very dangerous because the poison. 
poison is actually a mixture of powerful neurotoxins. although, the 
poison will not kill a healthy adult, can be fatal for children and the 
elderly. ironically, the toxic component (peptide chlorotoxin) has the 
potential to cure human brain tumors, while other toxins may help fight 
diabetes.

4. black widow

spider is one of the most famous species, especially as the poison 
that can be fatal to humans. the poison is said to be stronger than a 
rattlesnake. males and females have an hourglass-shaped mark on their 
lower abdomen. females are larger than males relative and contrary to 
popular belief, females rarely eat males after mating.

3. army ants

they are found in africa and asia and they build nests while on the 
go. the greatest risk to human ant is when they ran through the house. 
when food supplies are low, these ants will gather in sizes up to 50 
million ants. there are reports that people are usually killed with him 
shortness of breath (ants will frequently enter into the lungs). 
mandible they are so strong that in some parts of africa they are used 
individually as emergency sutures when medical supplies are not 
available.

2. bullet ant

a bite from this insect will not kill you, but you will never forget.
 ant is so named because its bite tastes like a shot and can cause the 
most painful bite of any creature known to man. these ants are the 
number one position on the schmidt sting pain index where it is 
described as causing “waves of burning, throbbing, all-consuming pain 
that continues for up to 24 hours”.

1. anopheles mosquitoes

mosquitoes are considered the most dangerous creature on earth as it 
causes more than 300 million cases of malaria each year, resulting in 
between 1 to 3 million deaths. they can also carry dengue fever, 
elephantiasis, and yellow fever. they are usually active during the 
night, so one way to protect yourself is to use insect repellent and 
wear long sleeves.






posted by



masulum




at

5:04 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




















a little about one direction





recent outbreaks girlband boyband and very loved by teenagers.
not only from korea, there is also a boyband who is now on the rise. 
derived from a combination of british and irish boy band formed in 
london around 2010 ago. who else if not one direction  

comprised by five cool guy and handsome, that attract many female 
fans. this boyband member are niall horan, zayn malik, liam payne, harry
 styles and louis tomlinson.

now they have 2 albums. titled first album up all night was released 
in november of 2011 it became the fastest selling album. as single debut
 song “what makes you beautiful” they won best british single. and 
recently they have launched a second album titled “take me home”. 
contains 17 songs. 13 singles debut and 4 other songs are bonustracks.

there are a little about one direction. wait for the next posts  






posted by



masulum




at

5:03 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




















the biggest cyber crime in the world





crime in cyberspace (cyber crime) now ranks second only to drug 
crimes, in terms of the value of the benefits obtained material, and 
loss and damage for the victims.
although the news has been repeatedly broadcast by the media, lack of
 public awareness seems to be an advantage for the thieves, and this is 
evidenced by the fact that many people can still be stolen simply by 
online tricks are simple. some sites led you through the ins and outs of
 digital implementation of the most dangerous in the world, so be 
careful with your online activities.

here are 7 great criminals in cyberspace, even though their names are pseudonyms, but they are real.

1. kodiak
in 1994, the kodiak access the accounts of several large corporate 
customers at major banks and transfer the funds to an account that has 
been set up by their accomplices in finland, the united states, germany,
 israel and the uk. in 2005, he was convicted and jailed for three 
years. kodiak is estimated to have stolen amounted to 10.7 million 
dollars.

2. don fanucci
at the age of 15 years, don fanucci perform a series of attacks in 
february 2000 against several websites high traffick commercial areas. 
he was sentenced prisoners in the town where he lived, montreal, quebec,
 on 12 september 2001 for eight months open custody, one year probation,
 restrictions on use of the internet, and fines. damage to the global 
economy as a result of his attacks are believed to reach 7.5 million to 
1.2 billion dollars.

3. pox
one of the creators of e-mail virus “love bug” (iloveyou), pox, is 
alleged to have infected and crippled more than 50 million computers and
 networks on may 4, 2000. the virus also attacked computers owned by the
 pentagon, cia and other large organizations and cause losses of 
millions of dollars due to damage. because the philippines had no laws 
against computer hacking crimes, fox was never indicted for his crimes.

4. mishkal
mishkal accused as one of the godfathers of credit card counterfeiters 
in eastern europe. he and partner-partner accused of mass producing fake
 credit and debit cards. at one point, they reported having income up to
 $ 100,000 per day. he was arrested but later released after six months 
in detention, and immediately looked for a position in the government of
 ukraine – a position that would give him automatic immunity from 
further prosecution.

5. the wiz and piotrek
the wiz, 23, and piotrek, 27, of chelyabinsk, russia, was sentenced to a
 number of demands complicity, computer crimes and fraud tie against 
financial institutions in seattle, los angeles and texas. among other 
things, they stole a database of about 50,000 credit cards. both were 
fined and sentenced to at least three years in prison.

6. roper, red_skwyre, and dragov
three people are the core of a network of cyber crime to extort money 
from the banks, internet casinos, and various other web-based 
businesses. their strategy is simple, namely to hack and hold the 
account transactions for a $ 40,000 ransom. indicted cause direct damage
 of more than 2 million poundstarling and indirect damage of about 40 
million poundstarling. in october 2007, the trio were found guilty and 
sentenced to eight years in prison.

7. bandit
bandit manipulate roughly 500,000 computers and rent it for criminal 
activities. he was arrested in november 2005 in an fbi operation, and 
was sentenced to 60 months in prison and ordered to surrender a luxury 
car worth 58,000 dollars from the proceeds of crime. he was also ordered
 to pay $ 15,000 in compensation to the u.s. government for military 
computers were infected.






posted by



masulum




at

5:03 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




















tempe chips from malang





industrial district is located in the area of malang tempeh 
sanan malang, east java, tempeh crisps are typical hawker native city 
ofmalang are well known and in demand by many tourists who’ve been to 
the city of malang. distinctive flavor of the processed malang tempeh 
tempeh tempeh is different from other regions processed outside malang, 
malang tempeh therefore more acceptable and preferable especially in 
processed tempenya own taste. processed tempeh is very plentiful and 
varied in the culinary world, especially for culinary indonesia.
in tempe chips contained 20% protein – 25% and water 10% – 20% and vegetable fats and proteins.

the making process tempe chips
chips tempeh is made ​​from soybeans that is used as a staple tempeh 
textured solid then cut thin, mixed with other ingredients such as rice 
flour and spices such as cilantro, onion, lime, betel leaves, coconut 
milk, kaffir lime leaves, as a condiment. then fried until dry, crisp 
and savory. the process of making chips is done traditionally and 
without preservatives so it is safe for consumption and hygiene.

excess chips tempe malang:

without the use of preservatives.
the chips are thin and crispy.
do not use cooking oil.
not easy to rancidity.
good packaging and hygienic.
there are a variety of different flavors.

weight in packing chips are available in two types ie 100 grams and 
200 grams.tempe chips packaged in plastic with thickness of 0.10 mm so 
it can be durable and repackaged with cardboard when shipped out of 
town.

tempe chips consist of several different flavors including:

original flavors (original flavor without extra seasoning seasoning powder).
taste balado, cheese, grilled chicken, barbecue, shrimp, pizza, etc..

for anyone who likes and hobbies adventure in culinary tourism is 
worth a try and taste the typical hawker malang city, you must be 
satisfied guaranteed. let’s try and see for yourself the delights of 
healthy snacks tempe chips this.






posted by



masulum




at

5:03 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




















the most beautiful rice field





rice is the staple food in many countries and even indonesia is 
one country that makes rice as a staple food. speaking of rice and rice,
 there is rice farming land so. fertile rice fields irrigation system 
would have to pay attention, so many terraced rice fields made 
​​(terracing). in addition to making equitable distribution of water 
also reduces the hazard of erosion.
of millions of hectares of rice fields in the earth, some of which 
create beautiful scenery. okay masulum.com friends, this time i will 
show you some pictures of some fields that i know are very beautiful.
1.yunnan, china 

2. banaue, filipina

3. pulau boracay, filipina 

4. rishikesh, himalaya

  

5. hamanoura, jepang 

6. machu picchu, peru




7. subak, bali

8. cancar, flores

i think it’s umpteen and thanks to the readers for your attention.
wassalamualaikum wr. wb







posted by



masulum




at

5:02 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




















hakcer and cracker ???





so far, we discern the difficulties which hackers and crackers? 
who are the hackers and crackers and it really is? he’s the info.
(english: hacker) is a study, analyze, and can modify or even exploit
 the system contained in a device such as computer software (computer 
programs) and computer hardware, administration and others, especially 
security.

in addition, the hacker also the name for the person or group of 
people who provide a useful contribution to the world of networking and 
operating systems, a program for world aid and computer networks. 
hackers could also be categorized job is done to look for the weaknesses
 of a system and provide ideas or opinions that can improve the 
discovery of weaknesses in the system.

while the cracker is a term for people who are looking for weaknesses
 in the system and entered it for personal gain and profit of the 
systems in the cluster such as data theft, removal, and more.

terminology hackers emerged in the early 1960s among the members of 
student organizations tech model railroad club at the artificial 
intelligence laboratory of the massachusetts institute of technology 
(mit). the student group is one of the pioneering developments in 
computer technology and they are struggling with a mainframe computer. 
the word hacker first appeared with a positive sense to refer to a 
member who has expertise in the field of computers and computer programs
 that are able to make better than that has been designed together.

then in 1983, the term hacker turned into a negative. because, in 
that year for the first time the fbi caught 414s computer criminal 
groups based in the u.s. milwaukee. 414 is the area code of their local.
 the group later referred to as hackers are convicted of burglary 60 
computers, from computers owned by cancer center memorian 
solan-kettering’s computer to los alamos national laboratory. one of 
pelakuk was granted immunity because testimonials, while five other 
players get probation.

hacker has a negative connotation because people with different terms
 between hackers and crackers. many people understand that the hackers 
that resulted in loss of certain parties, such as inserting the virus 
code and steal an important transaction data, and so forth.

though they are cacker. crackers use security holes that have not 
been repaired by the manufacturer software (bug) to infiltrate and 
damage a system. for this reason the hackers are usually divided into 2 
groups understand white hat hackers the true hackers and crackers are 
often referred to as black hat hackers.

now with the explanation above it can be seen where the hackers and crackers are.






posted by



masulum




at

5:02 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest




















gudeg yu djum in malioboro





continous our trip to yogyakarta, we definitely wanted to try 
the authentic yogyakarta dish: gudeg. we’ve read many good reviews about
 gudeg yu djum, so we headed to gudeg yu djum restaurant on jl dagen 
(dagen street) while we were browsing through jl malioboro. the 
restaurant was not too big, and they provided chairs and tables for 
diners.

 we ordered one with chicken breast and egg, and another with 
shredded chicken. they already ran out of tempe and tahu (tofu) by 12pm 
on a saturday. not long after ordering, the food came since they were 
all ready to serve. all orders already included gudeg (stewed young 
jackfruit that tastes sweet) and krecek (spicy stewed beef skin). the 
chicken breast, egg, and shredded chicken were both tender and tasted 
rather sweet. the gudeg was sweeter and drier than gudeg we usually had 
in jakarta, and the krecek was hotter.
nasi gudeg with chicken breast and egg, rp 30k

nasi gudeg with chicken breast
nasi gudeg with shredded chicken, rp 8k

we liked yu djum’s gudeg so we actually came back to have their gudeg
 again on our 3-day trip. this time, we visited their branch on jl 
wijilan (wijilan street), nearby keraton. jl wijilan was filled with 
gudeg restaurants, and yu djum was the most crowded one. at this branch,
 the place was much smaller. there was not any chair, they only provided
 a mat for diners to sit with bare feet; or we call it ‘lesehan’. at 1pm
 on a monday, they ran out almost everything except chicken wing and 
shredded chicken. so we ordered only one portion of nasi gudeg with 
chicken wing.

nasi gudeg with chicken wing

our food came, and they had a pretty consistent taste with their jl 
dagen branch. with our luck, yu djum’s food truck came while we were 
enjoying our first plate. soon they were busy unloading ready-made food 
in baskets covered with banana leaves. so we added another portion of 
gudeg, krecek, and tofu (yay, tofu!) without the rice (yes, you can 
modify your order per your liking).


gudeg with tofu

our total bill was rp 39k, including drinks.
if you go to yogyakarta you must try it.







posted by



masulum




at

5:02 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















search this blog




















blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2012

(10)





        ▼ 
      



december

(10)

small animal but deadly
a little about one direction
the biggest cyber crime in the world
tempe chips from malang
the most beautiful rice field
hakcer and cracker ???
gudeg yu djum in malioboro
agnes monica’s biography
killer plants
the grandest mosque










        ► 
      



2010

(1)





        ► 
      



november

(1)

















































watermark theme. powered by blogger.
























