




cyberexorcism





















































		skip to content	



cyberexorcism

			the truth is out there		




menu					 
close					 









the end of the world is near!

one day god was looking over creation and he decided that he wasn’t really happy with the way things turned out. so he called the 3 most powerfull men on earth, joe biden, president of the united states, xi jinping, president of china and mark zuckerberg, ceo of facebook, to come and see him. he… continue reading the end of the world is near!


published 7. october 2021categorized as fun stuff  



possessed hardware


 



i did another search for possessed hardware on 8th of october 2021 and woha – there are now more then 82.000.000 search results for that term. something is out there and its really scary… in may 2009 there where 575.000 results for “possessed hardware” on google, now its up to 631.000 search results! just a… continue reading possessed hardware


published 1. october 2021categorized as fun stuff  



videos of possessed hardware






a collection of people claiming there digital devices are possessed possessed htc device possessed computer


published 22. january 2012categorized as fun stuff, videos  



the phone number of evil…

one would think that a cursed phone number should at least contain 666, but apparently things are a little bit different in bulgaria! while it would be tempting to have such an easy phone number as 0888 888 888 to tell your friends, it appears to be not very healthy. first bulgarian mobitel ceo vladimir… continue reading the phone number of evil…


published 26. may 2010categorized as haunted!  



the first possessed iphone is out there!






watch here! there are currently 71 search results of possessed iphones on youtube


published 21. february 2010categorized as haunted!, videos tagged iphone, possessed 



the top 10 signs your computer is possessed






10. instead of flying appliances, your screen saver shows horned demons torturing your immediate family.


published 10. january 2010categorized as haunted!  



top ten evil computers


 



in stanley kubrick’s 2001: a space odyssey, as soon-to-be starchild dave bowman unplugs the last bits of its massive cybernetic brain, the insane hal 9000 computer sings its way to oblivion: “i became operational at the h-a-l plant in urbana, illinois on the 12th of january, 1992. my first instructor was mr langley. he taught… continue reading top ten evil computers


published 21. december 2009categorized as fun stuff  



your computer may be possessed by a demon!


 



savannah, ga. — your computer may be possessed by a demon, a leading minister warns.


published 21. november 2009categorized as real stuff  



why hell is better than microsoft windows

top 10 reasons why hell is better than windows software!


published 9. november 2009categorized as fun stuff tagged hell, windows 



evil-o-meter – the ultimate survey for google, facebook, twitter & more



published 8. november 2009categorized as fun stuff  


posts navigation
page 1
page 2
older posts 
 




search…





recent posts


the end of the world is near!


possessed hardware


videos of possessed hardware


the phone number of evil…


the first possessed iphone is out there!


recent commentstubby20846 on the end of the world is near!andy wan on do it yourself exorcismtaylor on your computer may be possessed by a demon!shannon peit on do it yourself exorcismlindsey todd on do it yourself exorcismarchives

october 2021
january 2012
may 2010
february 2010
january 2010
december 2009
november 2009
october 2009

categories

fun stuff

haunted!

real stuff

videos


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 






				proudly powered by wordpress.			



this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 

 

 





