


myrec.com recreation software » simplifying recreation management















































simplifying recreation management


streamline your registrations and rosters so you can get back to the fun.

let's connect
view pricing










recreation software

features
who we serve

pricing

fee calculator
what’s included
payment processing

company

about us
contact us
on the road
careers
system status

book a demo
 






it’s everything you need.



we provide the tools so you can focus on what matters: delivering exceptional experiences for your members. we get it, and we want to help.
with our human approach to technology for the parks & recreation industry, the myrec.com platform empowers organizations to manage their back offices efficiently while offering an intuitive user experience.
we make the admin stuff easy, so you can get back to creating fun for your communities.











something new is here

emv terminals now available!

for departments handling in-person transactions, our new emv terminals offer a secure and efficient payment solution. book a consultation now to learn more.

schedule a consultation






the myrec.com difference
here’s why we’re special.



no startup fees
you invest in us, so we invest in you


your site build, onboarding, training, and anything else you need to get started is included in your annual fee.



all-inclusive
we don't do "add-on" features


every myrec.com client has access to all we have to offer – past, present, and future. our people are always in the loop!



we get you
we are park & rec professionals


every department has unique needs, and our team of experienced park & rec pros will guide you through them.



easy payments
secure and cost-effective transactions


experience seamless payments with reduced fraud risks and improved transaction speeds, all at competitive rates.






transparent pricing


it means no hidden fees. no start-up costs. no long-term contracts.
what do we offer? myrec.com clients enjoy free training, support, access to all system features, unlimited user access, and the best support in the industry from an all-star client services team.


want an estimate? enter your department or organization’s annual revenue and click the arrow to calculate your annual price!


$

→




      no, that’s not a joke. that includes everything we offer, except credit card fees.
    






if you’d like to receive your quote in the form of a document, feel free to request one using the form linked below!

request a quote



if you will be accepting credit card or ach payments, visit our payment processing area to learn more.

payment processing






don’t just take our word for it.
myrec.com supports over 500 departments across the united states with software for registration, facilities, finances, and more. here’s a sampling of what they have to say. to see all reviews, check us out on capterra!




“very high value for all you can do with this system. all web-based, reliable, with great customer service.”




washington
customer since 2014






“good company with solid customer service. myrec is designed for park and rec departments.”




missouri
customer since 2023






“the online registration tool has helped us increase our revenue growth and most of our clients register from home. win, win!”




connecticut
customer since 2004





join these organizations who made the switch to myrec.com! it might be because we are the highest rated when it comes to our budget-friendly price and ease of use for both clients and staff. they stay for our incredible customer service, continuous improvements to the platform, and listening skills – because there’s always a real, live human on the other end of the phone.



software advice
front runner five years in a row
registration software category



capterra
shortlist two years running
registration software category








ready to take the next step?

book a demo now





join our growing family of clients!








check out who is using myrec.com in your state!



choose from list





























(802) 465-9732


info@myrec.com










privacy policy
terms of use
 


























