








shor-line - an innovator in the animal health industry














































































 call 1.800.midmark














go

exact
partial match





go






products 






cages

stainless steel cages
specialty cages
cage accessories



cat condos

feline comfort suite
stainless steel cat housing
specialty housing
feline accessories



kennel runs

shor-line kennel runs
t-kennel runs
specialty kennels
kennel accessories



surgery tables

flat and v-top surgery tables
utility/prep tables
surgery accessories



exam tables

lift tables
exam + treatment tables



scales




lights




critical care

warming pad
assisted care consoles (acc)
iv products
o2 therapy



grooming

grooming tables
grooming tubs
dryer cages
grooming accessories









professions 


architecture design / build
boarding / daycare
shelters
grooming
veterinary




product information


about 


history
conference schedule 2023
careers
faq
billing terms
terms and conditions
privacy policy




news


contact 


get tech service now
request information/quotes




product support 


technical support
troubleshooting/installation videos
how can we help?
scale calibration
product manuals + installation instructions








products

professions

product information

about

news

contact

product support





go

exact
partial match





go








welcome to shor-line, now a part of midmark 
explore solutions designed to enrich lives of companion animals. together with midmark, our equipment is backed by more than 200 years of manufacturing excellence and design expertise. see how we're committed to helping you deliver better care.



 
 innovation    cages     kennels     exam tables     cat condos   view all products    find your inspiration        veterinary          introducing:feline comfort suite this revolutionary design features a fine-celled foam board that is durable and impervious to moisture. it’s silky smooth feel comforts feline paws. it addresses the veterinary need for a spacious, pampering environment for cats that has the ability to sanitize to current standards.  more veterinary articles               architect          working togetheron animal housing what shor-line brings to architects is a 90+ year history of working on animal care products. we have been a leader in the changing philosophies of animal housing, and we have been intimately involved in thousands of run, cage and condo build projects.  more architect articles               boarding          kennel choices:flexible options,durable beauty shor-line offers both style and durability in run housing for dogs. all runs are custom-built, and the best value comes from choosing between about 100 standard run options. learn more about your design options.  more boarding articles               grooming          ergonomics todurability adjustability is built into all shor-line grooming tables. this lets you position the table height, location of the loop and the side-to-side swivel of the grooming arm. so, you are always in a comfortable position.   more grooming articles               shelter          years of experience and aheart for shelters guides shor-line shor-line has been a leader in developing housing that helps shelters evolve and address the changing needs for pet shelter housing. the company’s experience comes not only from working with recognized thought leaders but hands on through volunteer work with shelters and rescues.  more shelter articles                 shor-line’s dedication to customer projects we know building the facility of your dreams is a big project…whether that project is done all at once or room by room. we are here to make it easy. this video shows our commitment. our free consultations are available to any customer at any time. our experienced sales team has been on-site at all stages of thousands of veterinary, shelter, daycare and grooming building and remodeling projects, so they know how to avoid problems. there is no obligation, and our team is low pressure. simply fill out  this form so we can better understand your project and location, and we will set up a time to talk. start the journey today!   view the video to learn more        product configurator--build your own want to get a custom look at a great price? shor-line offers hundreds of options...many of them standard...for our equipment product lines. our configurators break it down so you can consider and choose the components and options that mean the most to you. once you design your choice, send it in to get a price and save a pdf for your files. you can always use the free consultation to get even more out of the configurator. we encourage you to get quotes on as many options as you want.    start building          see how our customers use shor-line see more in-use photos in our cage gallery, cat condos, and kennel run installation sliders.           

can’t find what you are looking for? call us at 1.800.midmark 



customer service
contact us

technical support

product + installation guides

faq

financing options

shipping information




ways to shop
products

product information sheets

planning guides

product configurators – design your own

sales reps




about shor-line
about us

mission statement

careers

catalog

terms and conditions

conference schedule 2023

privacy policy

proposition 65




our location

        511 osage avenue
        kansas city, ks 66105
        united states
      



toll free 1.800.midmark  |  local 913.281.1500  |  fax 913.281.5339 


recognized as a leader in animal care and veterinary products around the world.

    







this website uses cookies to improve your experience. by continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.



privacy preferences
i agree









 

privacy preference center




options




consent management
cookie settings










consent management







necessary







advertising







analytics







other


























ok

















