
































































powhatan-today | richmond.com





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















37°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



virginia video network



crime



politics



state & region



education



nation & world



news tip




business


local



on the move



top workplaces




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



columnists




sports


high school



college



professional



betting



casino



lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



comics



puzzles



contests



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



travel



faith



announcements



sponsored features



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



today's ads



special sections




our publications


mechanicsville local



powhatan today



goochland gazette




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices



buyer's guide



rtd merchandise




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



subscribe



newsletter sign-up



contact us



advertise with rtd



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

obituaries

jobs








37°
sunny

















                
                powhatan today
                
                    

















        
        
            eli wagner places third in long jump, qualifies for states

the powhatan indians traveled to atlee high school on friday for the region 4b indoor championships, which were packed all into a single day to account for upcoming inclement weather. 

















        
        
            jameson britt to continue football career at randolph-macon

just two months ago, powhatan senior jameson britt capped off a stellar high school football career alongside the top talent in the area, representing the indians at randolph-macon college's day field for the big river rivalry game. 


















        
        
            matthew taylor - region finals - first period

powhatan freshman comes mere inches from a region final pin that would've given his team sole possession of first place in the region standings.  


















        
        
            matthew taylor - region finals - part 2

matthew taylor records his second near fall of the 190-pound region finals.  


















        
        
            gavin utley - region 4b finals

powhatan senior gavin utley works his way to the first region title of his career.  

















        
        
            tied at the top: patriots and indians finish in a dead heat

history was made at the vhsl class 4, region b wrestling tournament, hosted at henrico high school on feb. 15. for the first time in tournament history, two teams split the region title trophy, with the powhatan indians and patrick henry patriots finishing in a deadlocked draw in the team st…

















        
        
            powhatan wrestling celebrates its six seniors against st. christopher's

friday night was a special one for powhatan wrestling. 























        
        
            manchester holds on to beat powhatan in controversial ending




the manchester lancers and powhatan indians had two matchups in two weeks, both of which ended in wins for the lancers. in their second game, the hosting indians battled hard to get a chance to tie in the final seconds, but the lancers held on for a 59-54 win on feb. 5. 




















        
        
            indians announce george bland as new football coach




the powhatan indians football team has found its newest leader. 




















        
        
            upcoming events in powhatan




better together: pcc marriage retreat 




















        
        
            names, news and notes




powhatan’s celebrity swan reported safe 






















        
        
            for vet, living above clinic made for interesting work-life balance

i never planned to live above a veterinary clinic. when i decided to start a practice, i envisioned a neat little building with a fenced area in the rear to let dogs exercise. perhaps even a drive-through to pick up meds. i had a file of clippings pulled from veterinary practice magazine. ea…

















        
        
            powhatan deputy named vale officer of the year

deputy brad hughes has dedicated his life to protecting others. now he has been honored with an award named for fellow officer who gave his life while doing just that. 

















        
        
            powhatan ice den fuels local hockey growth

hockey isn’t a commonly associated sport in the powhatan athletic community, but through the powhatan ice den, it’s one that’s on the rise, bringing kids and adults alike onto the ice with numerous opportunities to grow as skaters. 

















        
        
            powhatan swim celebrates four seniors against louisa county

in a head-to-head battle against louisa county, the powhatan indians celebrated four seniors at woodlake pool this past weekend. 

















        
        
            henderson pours in 37 to beat midlothian

the midlothian/powhatan rivalry added another chapter this week when the boys basketball team hosted the trojans over a month after their first showdown. 

















        
        
            pool tournament raised funds for christmas mother

in a spectacular display of community spirit, kelton’s crazy eight ball pool tournament raised significant funds for powhatan christmas mother, an organization dedicated to supporting families in need during the holiday season. hosted at diamond billiards in midlothian, the event featured a …


























        
        
            powhatan property transfers

10.01 acres; roderick e. lee to steven r. blevins, $713,200. 

















        
        
            vfb president: collaboration key to creating rural opportunity

the president of virginia farm bureau federation emphasized the power of connectivity in strengthening virginia’s rural economy. 

















        
        
            happy trails

from the time she was a little girl, heidi golden loved horses. but it wasn’t until decades later, after a move with her family from portland, oregon to powhatan, that she knew exactly how her passion for horses would fit into her adult world. 









        
        
            proposal for county’s trail network includes paths for walking, riding and paddling

a robust network of trails has long been a top priority for those tasked with planning the future of powhatan county, and now a newly released master plan may help make building out that network easier. 

















        
        
            letter to the editor

executive order threatens decades of progress 

















        
        
            upcoming library events

wednesday, jan. 29wiggles and giggles storytime. 9:30 a.m. geared towards children 0-5 and their families. wiggle and giggle through activities that inspire a love for reading! 





more powhatan today



























×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram









sites & partners


en forme

mechanicsville-ashland local

powhatan today

the goochland gazette

public notices

contests

join our team

get healthy




services


manage subscription

about us

contact us

advertise with us

newsletter sign up

become a carrier

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        richmond times-dispatch, 8460 times dispatch blvd. mechanicsville, va 23116
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe































