






molod spitz & desantis, p.c.

































































attorneys@molodspitz.com


(212) 869-3200
























home
about
our successes
practice areas
our attorneys
contact
 























your first line of defense.
a long record of success defending clients in complex liability matters in new york and new jersey courts.
our attorneysour successes









our core strengths








trial attorneys
while most firms settle the vast majority of their cases, our attorneys are trial ready, capable and unafraid of taking cases through verdict. our adversaries know this.








metrics tell our story
while anyone can claim success, the numbers tell the whole story. we track various metrics to support our claim of excellent results and customize the reports based on client requests. 








civic minded
we are committed to both our clients and our community. we contribute our time, talent, and expertise to support important local and national causes. 




our successes
here are some examples of cases we've handled in various sectors.







allconstructionemploymentinsurancemalpracticemunicipalpremisesproductsecuritytruck & auto





 thumbnail loading


jury finds hfdc not responsible for oil delivery hose 
insurance, premises





 thumbnail loading


congratulations to our new partners






 thumbnail loading


insurance company denies third-party claim leaving plaintiff holding the bill
insurance, truck & auto





 thumbnail loading


plaintiff’s attorneys’ relentless behavior warrants sanctions
insurance, premises





 thumbnail loading


summary judgment granted in favor of attentive driver
insurance, truck & auto





 thumbnail loading


dog attacks plaintiff who sues owner of nearby vacant lot
insurance, premises






load more


affiliations





 



 



 



 



 





watch our video.
take a quick 2 minute tour of msd and what we have to offer.
learn more about our expertise and how it gives us an edge in cases brought to us by insurance carriers, businesses, self-insureds, third-party administrators and risk managers.






 










get in touch


reach out to us to start discussing your specific needs and challenges, and find out how we can help. this form is not confidential and does not establish any attorney-client relationship. if the matter is time-sensitive, call (212) 869-3200.
		














msd is certified as a minority, woman-owned business

diversity statement


 







































