



home - radio king















































 member area                            



 my account




 log out                                


 log in

 forgot your password ?                                










facebook







youtube







instagram







iphone







android



















                                                        home                                                    




                                                        about us                                                    



                                        shows                                        
                                                                            




                                        team                                        
                                                                            







                                                        participate                                                    



                                        dedications                                        
                                                                            




                                        events                                        
                                                                            







                                                        contact us                                                    



                                        contact info                                        
                                                                            














































 tweet this track                        









i'm listening to [$1] on [$2] !
i'm listening to the [$1] podcast !
i'm listening to the [$1] sample !







listen live








































11:08 amjamaica, jamaicaspecial efx



11:04 amgetawayspyro gyra



11:02 am-11:00 amamor de carnavalmarcos ariel



10:56 ambreathdominique hammond 


















































home






about us





														shows                                                        



														team                                                        






participate





														dedications                                                        



														events                                                        






contact us





														contact info                                                        






log in










facebook







youtube







instagram







iphone







android




 








				loading...            










































25 years of "cool jazz, smooth sounds, and a touch of soul!"



it's our 25th anniversary and we're ready to celebrate "the cutting edge blend"... stay tuned!!!









greater hartford festival of jazz



the 33rd anniversary of the greater hartford festival of jazz; the largest free-of-charge jazz festival in new england! three nights and two days of live music at the pavilion stage in hartford’s bushnell park! it's a “musical journey”, featuring latin jazz, smooth jazz, traditional jazz, and even a touch of r & b throughout the weekend!new offerings this year!vip; for those who like to pack light & simply enjoy the stage side view of the music. reserved section in front of stage with tables, chairs and air conditioned bathrooms.tent city; for those here for a good time with their own 10x10 tent which can hold 6-9 people. mega screen view of stage, tent city only designated port o let bathroom access.limited reservations for vip & tent city available through hartfordjazz.orglet’s get jazzy y’all! we make it happen!https://www.hartfordjazz.org/vip-and-tent-city/








friday july 19



line-up6:00pm – nigel bello & friends7:50-7:55pm – art frm da hart – kevin “panda” mendez8:00pm – jonathan suazo & ricano9:50-9:55pm – jani “ctmonae” perry10:00pm – luisito quintero & 3rd element 




saturday july 20



line-up2:30pm – the new mosaic4:30pm – four 80 east with jeff kashiwa6:30pm – elan trotman featuring larry braggs – 85th birthday tribute show to marvin gaye8:15-8:25pm – art frm da hart – khaiim rapoet 8:30pm – marion meadows & alex bugnon featuring eric leone10:30pm – loose ends featuring jane eugene 




sunday july 21



line-up10:00am – the hot cat jazz band jazz mass at christ church cathedral downtown hartford12:30pm – hall high school jazz band and sherman irby2:30pm – matt dwonszyk4:15-4:25pm – art frm da hart – studio 8604:30pm – jon coffe’6:30pm – ralph peterson legacy featuring: zaccai curtis, luques curtis, jeremy pelt, wayne escoffery, tia fuller, jerome jennings and reinaldo de jesus parker – celebrating the life, spirit & music of ralph peterson8:30pm – the blackbyrds 







springfield jazz & roots festival



7/10 - springfield jazz fest kick-off 7pm in front of the masslive building hosted by white lion brewing company nadim's mediterranean restaurant blues to green7/11-5pm - 7pm second line dance workshop with tracey thomas 5pm - 7pm mlk center gym7/11 - 5pm - 8pmloophole jazz at duryea way with masala jazz hosted by loophole brewing at duryea way, right adjacent to loophole brewery, steps away from the main stage where our artists will be playing this weekend.we look forward to all the exciting events happening this week on the road to jazz fest! we hope to see you there.  




springfield jazz & roots line-up



the main show:7/12 5pm -10pm blues under the stars - main stage7/13 12pm - 10pm - 2 stages & tower square park* second line parade @11:30am from city hall 







springfield's oscar winner honored



springfield ma native and two-time oscar award-winning costume designer, ruth carter,returned home for the unveiling of a mural in her honor at rebecca johnson elementaryschool in springfield, ma.  carter made history as the first black woman to win two oscars.  she wasthe costume designer behind the “black panther” films as well as nominations for her work inspike lee’s “malcolm x” and steven spielberg’s “amistad”, plus projects such as "coming 2america", lee daniels’ “the butler,” ava duvernay’s “selma” and the reboot of “roots.”she also earned her star as only the 2nd costume designer to have a star on the hollywood walk of fame!  congratulations ruth carter, a woman of firsts from the city of firsts! 




sso celebrates 80



it's a festive celebration of springfield symphony orchestra's 80th season. check out aninvigorating program of events!  subscriptions and tickets are on sale now! visit www.springfieldsymphony.org/ 


















send a dedication







username is required
(username is required)




message is required
(message is required)








invalid captcha.
(invalid captcha.)




send my dedication













forgot your password? no problem.





type your e-mail address here :






send






















                            new to the area and great to find my kind of music on the radio.  great job!                          

                            wavecharmer                        





                            weib, aka one oh six three fm, is an audio oasis on the radio dial!                        

                            conparks                        





                            somebody recently introduced me to this channel . i cannot tell you how much i enjoy listening to this station.                        

                            fahimkazi                        





                            so thankful to have finally found a 24 hour "smooth jazz" station. listening in avon ct                        

                            tzema                        





                            thank you for your work and smooth music.
from bermuda.                        

                            willybwc                        


















thanks, your message have been sent !

first name is required


(first name is required                                            )


email is required.


(email is required.                                            )






message is required.


(message is required.                                            )





invalid captcha.


(invalid captcha.                                            )

 send














meet "team weib"

























































radioking © 2025 | radio website powered by radioking. radioking allows you to easily create a radio..												                    












