






























design of the interior - designs of the interior - full service interior design ponte vedra beach fl






























































































 

 













 follow us on: 

  
 
 
 



call us today!904.280.1432 















mobile menu







about us
services
why doti
design inspiration
contact us
read our blog








 








 interior design services for ponte vedra beach 



because every life is uniquely designed 



our friendly design team will walk you through our process to help you make an informed decision about your home’s interior design needs.  









 get a free in-home consultationname


first



last

phoneemail

captcha

  








6272δ



















how we work 



we start with a simple design consultation to assess your needs. together, we’ll walk your space and brainstorm ideas and budget. then we’ll submit a proposal based on your budget. upon approval, we’ll start working to turn your dream space into reality! 






schedule a free consultation























  







 







 







 







 











 







 







 







 



















design, consulting & install 



wish you could wave a magic wand and have your home instantly look exactly how you’ve always envisioned it? we know that feeling, too. at doti, we transform houses into homes that reflect the people living in them.  















 







whether you’re moving into a new home or remodeling an existing home or space, we make designing your home easy and hassle free. we provide complete residential interior design services to clients in jacksonville and the surrounding beaches area. from space planning, sourcing custom furniture and window treatments to accessories, fixtures and more, we do it all.we work with a variety of clients and design styles, and tailor our approach to your needs. our award-winning interior designer michele evanger’s expertise, talent and professionalism means you get a consultant who provides the custom solutions you need, within your budget.with more than 20 years of interior design experience, we ensure clients get the interior design results they want, on time and in budget. 






schedule consultation



















 
"i remember hearing about doti's services from a friend. i gave you a try,
and i'm so happy with our project. thank you!" 



mary b
jacksonville beach, fl













"i wake up every morning and look around and it puts a smile on my face! i couldn’t be happier"



carol k.
atlantic beach, fl













"anytime i've thought about a home refresh, i was terrified! after speaking with michele, she assured me that we could take it a step at a
time. thankfully, i trusted her and my home project is awesome!"



kimberly
ponte vedra beach, fl













"i don't have enough time and patience to battle furniture stores. michele made the design process a lot more fun, and she oversaw everything. it's been great



donna m
ponte vedra beach, fl
















 







the doti difference 



 


 
we give you exactly what you want - there’s no settling with doti.



 
we take the fear out of interior design. our expertise means we help you make the right interior design decisions for your style from the start.



 
we save you time. no more running around to stores or dealing with sales people. we bring the ideas and options to you!



 
we partner with you. prefer to be hands-on during the entire process? we’ll work closely with you. have other priorities and want to partner with an experienced interior designer who can take your project from concept to completion, allowing you to be hands-off? we make it happen!



 
we work with your budget so you don’t have to worry about unexpected expenses or ballooning project costs.



 
we provide access to high-end furniture manufacturers from around the world so your home is furnished with truly sophisticated, unique pieces.



 
we can also work with existing pieces to help create the look you want.














 







let us give you the interior design experience you deserve and turn your space into an extraordinary interior! 



doti ponte vedra beach830-13 a1a n. #463ponte vedra beach, fl 32082(904) 280-1432in**@do**.com 






get a free in-home consultation















 















 tell us about your project: 

name*email*

phone*how would you like to be contacted*emailtext messagephone callproject details:*captcha

 








63759δ









 © 2021 designs of the interior. 904.280.1432  830-13 a1a n. #463, ponte vedra beach, fl 32082 |  4446 hendricks ave #325, jacksonville, fl 32207 | site by: avid design group, llc 





 share thiis site on:
 
  
 
 
 














































































