


plant maintenance resource center - industrial maintenance information source















plant maintenance resource center
industrial maintenance portal







join now
free registration allows you to support this site and receive our regular m-news newsletter.



























home 
articles

management articles

change management
cmms
costing/budgeting
failure analysis
kpis/benchmarking
maintainability
miscellaneous management
mro e-commerce
org.structure/job design
outsourcing/contracting
pdm/rcm/pmo
people & skills
planning and scheduling
terminology
total productive maintenance (tpm)


technical articles

bearings/vibration analysis
compressors
concrete
electrical
failure analysis
hydraulics
miscellaneous technical
non destructive testing (ndt)
painting and roofing
power transmission
pumps
roller chain
steam traps
terminology
thermography
tribology
turbines
valves/control valves




webstore

bookstore 
training materials
toolstore


software

availability/reliability/lcc modelling
cmms (a-l)
cmms (m-z)
condition monitoring
failure analysis
fleet management
job request system
maintenance audit
on-the-job software
other
rcm/fmea
safety/lockout/tagout/environmental
shutdown management
spare parts analysis
tool control
searchable software database
free software downloads

by package name
by software type
by restriction type




tools

benchmarking
current survey
discussion forum
news
m-news newsletter


links

conferences/seminars
organizations

contractors/repairers
education/training/research
equipment vendors
institutes and associations
management consultants
mro e-vendors
software vendors (a-l)
software vendors (m-z)
technical consultants


publications

articles
books
journals
standards


training materials
discussion forums
other resources
links added in the last 30 days


jobs
search
about

























the plant maintenance resource center is the premier web resource for industrial maintenance professionals.  it includes links to maintenance consultants, cmms and maintenance software, cmms vendors, maintenance conferences and conference papers, articles on maintenance, and many other valuable resources.
	








free m-news newsletter




the november 2007, 59th edition of m-news, a newsletter on topics of interest to maintenance folk is out now.  you'll find it here. 





maintenance training materials and aids


you can now purchase maintenance training materials and aids through this site.  you'll find our training store here.





maintenance book reviews and bookstore


we have reviewed and carefully selected a range of maintenance-related books for sale through amazon.com.  read our recommendations and our reviews in our maintenance bookstore.





discussion forum


participate in our e-mail discussion forum on matters related to plant maintenance.  click here for more details.





maintenance benchmarking


benchmark your maintenance function against other organisations on our 5 minute benchmarking page.





maintenance job postings


as a service to the maintenance community, you can now post details of maintenance-related jobs available or jobs wanted on our jobs board. this is another free service.





maintenance news


view and post announcements of interest to maintenance professionals on our updated news page.












2007 maintenance salary survey   



our 2007 salary survey is now open, and will remain open until december 31, 2007. see how your salary compares with others in your industry, country and job position by entering your information here. all submissions are anonymous and completely confidential.  






site search



find what you are looking for more quickly with our site search engine. search our entire site, or just the maintenance article library by visiting our search page.






maintenance articles


learn more about maintenance by reading one of the more than 700 articles on maintenance management and the technical aspects of maintenance listed on our maintenance articles page.  we have a search engine that allows you to search the contents of most of the articles listed for the keywords you are interested in.





maintenance software


this site has links to over 700 maintenance software packages, including cmms software, software to assist with rcm analyses, reliability modelling software, and more.  click here to find the maintenance software to assist you.




 
free software


there is also an extensive listing of freeware, shareware and demo programs that are available from vendors of maintenance software here.








copyright 1999-2015, the plant maintenance resource center . all rights reserved.
revised: thursday, 08-oct-2015 13:52:53 aedt
privacy policy






