






sorted mental health


































































skip to content






















menumenuprogrammesour story

our teamour charityour friendsour testimonials
how it worksour work

sorted teensnhsschoolshigher & further educationworkplaceour podcast
newsdownload app








 













let us get you sorted






the feeling good app has changed name to sorted: mental health. same content, same mission, same team, just a new name.

we've decided to rebrand to reflect the broader spectrum of helping people in different ways covered within the app. from healing unresolved distress, to helping with everyday upsets, to sleeping better, the app has so much to offer in helping you sort out your life.
































sorted: mental health app






experience the audio wellbeing program feeling good for life






created by dr alastair dobbin and dr sheila ross






helping 200,000 people within nhs for over 20 years















































increase wellbeing & resilience to stress






sorted: mental health (formerly feeling good app) offers positive mental training audio programmes based on scientific research which can help you feel better, lift your mood and recover from stress, anxiety, and depression by building resilience and developing positive feelings.






“the sorted app sits on my phone home page, ready to access whenever and wherever i am. it is brilliantly simple, easy to use and i like the range of voices, background music and topics it covers, from stopping smoking to helping with sleep. it is very good value for money and i like the fact that it is rooted in the science of sport – if it’s good for olympic athletes, then it’s definitely good for me"











[suzy powell, app user]







watch our videos here

































trusted by doctors & nurses  in the nhs







recommended for use by the nhs
used by over 2,000 doctors & nurses
helped 80,000 patients building mental resilience, confidence, & coping mechanisms
























olympic sports mind coaching techniques






based on olympic sports psychology, positive mental training consists of specifically developed audio tracks, incorporating breathing, positive reappraisal, and visualisation techniques.
































using sorted can alleviate the physical symptoms of anxiety and stress






by following sorted's positive mental training programmes, you can develop the skills to build positive feelings, self-esteem, and self-confidence. after only 4 weeks many people feel much better, reporting sleeping better, feeling more relaxed and less stressed, with a significant improvement in their mental health.









research











programmes




































why use sorted?







increased wellbeing & positive mindset
sleep better & worry less
reduces depression & stress
see problems as challenges
increased vitality & self-esteem





















see how sorted's positive mental training programmes can benefit your...










nhs











school











university / college











workplace


















what people say








"the ease of the app allows it to be used anytime any place."









"i am able to sleep a lot better"









"feeling more in control and noticing that i am coping successfully and can make my own decisions" 









"it has helped alleviate my depression and lack of self confidence"




















download sorted & start your positive mental journey today!










 








 














quick links






•  faqs
•  useful links
•  about us
•  contact us
•  research
•  testimonials
•  our videos
•  terms & use
•  sorted app terms of use
•  sorted app privacy policy
•  sorted teens app t&cs
•  sorted teens app privacy policy
•  sorted app accessibility statement
•  sorted app service level agreement









our work






•  sorted teens
•  nhs
•  higher & further education
•  schools
•  workplace
•  videos
•  our podcast
 









follow us









facebook link





twitter link





vimeo link





instagram link





youtube link











sorted: mental health app


































© feeling good 2023








 













