






andromeda-nyc.com - tattoos and jewellery – all you wanted to know









































































tattoos and jewellery – all you wanted to know


home
tattoos and jewellery












contract solutions for tattooists


while legal declarations and contracts may not always be the first consideration for tattooists, it’s essential to always ensure that relevant laws and regulations are complied with. tattoos are aread more »



15 january, 2022











ways to achieve inner happiness


looking after your mental health is just as important as your physical health. there are many things we can do to make ourselves feel better, such as taking up aread more »



13 march, 2021











from tattoos to home furnishings: what makes great design?


design is a part of everyday life, even more so in a society built on consumerism, as companys clamor to attract customers and exceed their expectations. but what makes aread more »



23 february, 2021











to get a couples tattoo or not?


getting a couple’s tattoo is a great way of bonding. it has been used by many people as a way of commitment to one another. there is even an emergingread more »



11 february, 2021











questions to ask a tattoo artist before getting work done


getting a tattoo is exciting, especially if you have thought it through. once you have the right design and you are sure that you will not regret having it, theread more »



10 december, 2020











new ideas for jewellery and tattoos


if you are known as a creative, artistic person, you are probably interested in both jewellery and tattoos. however, perhaps you are searching for something out of the ordinary andread more »



20 november, 2020











tattoos, piercings and health


body modification has become very popular in the past few decades. an entire subculture dedicated to tattoos and piercings has emerged. people are attracted to this form of self-expression becauseread more »



18 april, 2019










choosing the right tattoo design


  choosing a tattoo can be difficult, especially if it’s your first one. tattoos are permanent; getting them and removing them is costly and painful. some things to consider includeread more »



20 december, 2016










how to get more visibility for your business


  operating your own business can be difficult for an aspiring entrepreneur, but can be especially challenging in creative fields like craftsmanship and artistry. these fields are generators of taste,read more »



8 december, 2016










expensive high-end jewelry


  according to an article on vice, the best way to buy expensive jewelry is to buy as if you are a jeweler yourself. this means doing the research onread more »



29 november, 2016








1
2
next »









				copyright © 2025 andromeda-nyc.com.
				designed by wpzoom
















