


















home | community health care association of new york state















  skip to main content







×

become a member for full access to our new site.



          not a member? click here to find out how to join the team.
        

          already a community health care association member? click below to create your account and access all of our members only info.
        



create your account











community health care association of new york state



toggle navigation







secondary navigation


find a health center


about us


search




user account menu


log in








main navigation


chc resources 


policy & advocacy


chcanys advocacy day


policy & advocacy


reimbursement




chc operations


chcanys americorps


compliance


letters of support


workforce




telehealth & rpm vendor explorer




get involved


events


careers


partners


donate





















previous



next











benefits & eligibility
americorps members
chcanys public health americorps is a partnership and collaboration between chcanys, the new york state commission on national and community service, americorps, and the cdc.




advocate information, resources, and trainings
policy & advocacy
chcanys ensures that the needs and concerns of community health centers remain constantly in view of lawmakers at the local, state, and federal level.

























resources on workforce & human resources
workforce
various online resources compiled to provide health centers with valuable information and training and technical assistance on workforce, human resources, and national health services corps programs and other health workforce related resources.

,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,





upcoming advocacy!
chcanys advocacy day
chcanys 2025 advocacy day – march 3 @ albany, ny
























current:

 join chcanys americorps

 policy & advocacy

 workforce

 chcanys advocacy day













community health centers are here for you.
community health care association is new york states voice for community-based primary care







news



chcanys calls on governor hochul to invest in community health centers in upcoming budget



wednesday, february 12th, 2025

chcanys calls on governor hochul to invest in community health centers in upcoming budget

press releasestatement from chcanys president and ceo rose duhan on governor hochul’s state of the state address
learn more

tuesday, july 30th, 2024

find a health center

 
learn more
















upcoming events




feb

19
webinar series in partnership with the national health care for the homeless council2:00 pm
 - 3:00 pm
open now! webinar series in partnership with the national health care for the homeless council (nhchc) part 1 …
feb

24
azara user guides webinar12:00 pm
 - 1:30 pm
chcanys is excited to announce a joint session with azara providing chcs with holistic guidance on optimizing sdoh…
mar

3
advocacy day in albany9:00 am
 - 5:30 pm
chcanys 2025 advocacy day – march 3 @ albany, nyinvite colleagues, patients, friends, and family to chcanys…




pagination



next page
››

























office: 111 broadway, suite 1402 new york, ny 10006
mailing: po box #3186 new york, ny 10008-3186
(212)279-9686



footer menu


contact
































