









home - iowpa


















































































 




 
















 







(317) 965-1859





home
about

about iowpa
board of directors
scholarships


membership

become a member
directory


certificates

installer certificate
inspector certificate
certificate information
practice exam


events

full event list
annual conference


resources

legislation
request for ceu approval
industry resources
homeowner resources


contact
log in
 



(317) 965-1859

















installer & inspector certificates 
							
learn more >> 
							 


annual conference 
virtual sessions 
now available! 
							
register for access >> 
							 


find an iowpa
professional 
							
search directory >> 
							 






find a professional


serving indiana’s onsite wastewater industry
the indiana onsite wastewater professionals association (iowpa) is a not-for-profit 501i(3) tax-exempt educational organization serving the indiana onsite wastewater industry. since 2001, iowpa has strived to support indiana’s onsite wastewater professionals through education, installer and inspector certificate programs, and the promotion of best practices.
learn more about iowpa





installer & inspector certificates
the indiana onsite wastewater professional association (iowpa) offers installer and inspector certificate programs.
the objective of our programs is for wastewater professionals to be knowledgeable and consistent with the indiana state rule 410 iac. both certificate programs (installer and inspector) are for individuals. a certificate is not transferable and only applies to the individual in attendance that passes the exam. with iowpa certificates recognized by more than 50% of the counties in indiana, the programs are helping to ensure consistency throughout the state.
learn more about the programs >> 





iowpa enewsletter
keep abreast of  iowpa and industry news every month. it’s free!
simply fill out the form to the right.
that’s it.
iowpa never sells or shares this list.


fill out the form below to receive iowpa's monthly enewsletter.



email address:   
		



first name:  



last name:  



company/organization:  




leave this field empty if you're human: 



 


 
 
 













info@iowpa.org



 






			mailing address:2201 e 46th st., ste 126indianapolis, in 46205
			


 






(317) 965-1859



  








									© 2025 copyright | indiana onsite wastewater professionals association, inc. | all rights reserved | privacy policy 




 

























