












don't sweat the small stuff... and it's all small stuff | home











































































skip to content

















  


search for:








homeabout kristine & richard carlson storykristine & richard carlson writingstribute to our daddon’t sweat the small stuff praisebooks don’t sweat the small stuff seriesrichard carlson’s bookskristine carlson’s bookscourses don’t sweat guided meditation seriesyou can be happy!you can be mindful!courses logingoods bagshats and maskstowelst-shirtsmugs & sport bottlespodcast 


search for:








homeabout kristine & richard carlson storykristine & richard carlson writingstribute to our daddon’t sweat the small stuff praisebooks don’t sweat the small stuff seriesrichard carlson’s bookskristine carlson’s bookscourses don’t sweat guided meditation seriesyou can be happy!you can be mindful!courses logingoods bagshats and maskstowelst-shirtsmugs & sport bottlespodcast 















don’t sweat the small stuff… and it’s all small stuff homebrandon lee2024-10-26t15:09:19-05:00 
the official don’t sweat the small stuff books
by kristine & richard carlson, phdtried and true wisdom to help you stay calm & live better
start herewelcome to don’t sweat the small stuff!what does don’t sweat the small stuff mean? don’t sweat the small stuff teaches how to not let the little things take over your life. this groundbreaking inspirational guide — a classic in the self-help genre — shows you how to put challenges in perspective, reduce stress and anxiety through small daily changes, and find the path to achieving your goals. when you learn the tried and true don’t sweat the small stuff philosophy and practice the wisdom in your daily life, you will calm down and do what matters most to you.
new bookfind your calm, embrace
life’s goodness – every day
find your calm, embrace life’s goodness
– every dayenjoy 365 daily reflections from the best-loved wisdom in the don’t sweat the small stuff series. pre-order your copy of don’t sweat the small stuff every day, and read a page a day for your daily inspiration.
learn moreabout the don’t sweat bookswith more than 30 million copies of books in print, the don’t sweat the small stuff… and it’s all small stuff philosophy has touched multiple generations of parents, grandparents, teenagers and kids… and people like you.
plus, the people at lifetime were so moved by the behind the scenes inspiring story of “don’t sweat the small stuff” that they turned it into a movie!
heather locklear was cast to play kristine carlson. and jason macdonald was cast to play richard carlson.
people all over the world are living with greater joy by practicing the tried and true don’t sweat wisdom that comes from learning how to be mindful, grateful and present in your life.
get the booksdon’t sweat the small stuff2025 day-to-day calendarget the calendardon’t sweat the small stuff goodsdon’t sweat the small stuff candlethese lovely ceramic container soy candles with wooden lids with a clean burn and mild scent are the perfect way to add the zen don’t sweat vibe to your bedroom, bath, or dining room.
get the candleshop the goodsdon’t sweat the small stuff courseswellness and happiness tools to help you stress less and enjoy more
you can be happy!
with kristine carlson
in this video course, you can learn from the tried-and-true wisdom of the don’t sweat the small stuff series that has changed tens of millions of people’s lives all around the world.
learn moreyou can be mindful!
with kristine carlson & dr. shauna shapiro
in this video course, you’ll learn how to develop your mindfulness practice; which will allow you to calm down and feel better – regardless of what’s happening in the world.
learn moredon’t sweat the small stuff podcastwith kristine carlson







numerology with michele landers


						numerology with michele landers					

podcast







numerology with michele landers








let it be easy with susie moore


						let it be easy with susie moore					

podcast, the feminine series







let it be easy with susie moore








receptivity


						receptivity					

podcast, the feminine series







receptivity

listen to all podcastsdon’t sweat the small stuff praise
“over a decade of positive psychology research seems to validate what we learned twenty years ago from don’t sweat the small stuff. . . . these wonderful books help break down and simplify how to achieve that happiness.”

—shawn achor
bestselling author of the happiness advantage

“after almost two decades since the original release of don’t sweat the small stuff, richard carlson’s insights on the meaning of life continue to be timeless. the book teaches us to focus on the ‘now’ and find balance by living through contentment.”

—deepak chopra

“richard carlson caused a revolution in all our thinking with his don’t sweat the small stuff books. he was like a zen master in disguise, taking almost an aw-shucks attitude toward shifting the culture.”

—marianne williamson
new york times bestselling author of a return to love

“kristine carlson is the real deal, a shining light guiding us away from the pitfalls of stress and despair, fear and anxiety, and illuminating the path to acceptance, happiness, and achieving your goals.”

—karen salmansohn
bestselling author of the bounce back book

“reminds us with simple brilliance of what it takes to rise to our best and what we need to do to enjoy a life beautifully lived.”

—robin sharma
bestselling author of the monk who sold his ferrari

“don’t sweat the small stuff has the power to change our individual and collective lives. i am deeply grateful to dr. richard carlson and his beloved wife kristine for their wisdom and compassion in bringing transformational practices and perspectives to millions of readers.”

—shauna shapiro
author of the art and science of mindfulness
don’t sweat the small stuffsponsorship opportunity
richard’s favorite charity, children incorporated has received thousands of donations over the years thanks to richard’s chapter in don’t sweat: sponsor a child through the mail. now, you have an exclusive opportunity to make a double impact with a donation to this incredible charity.
the richard carlson memorial foundation will match up to 5k in donations. we are aiming to meet a 20 year challenge of 2000 sponsorships in the 20th year. we’d be honored if you’d take part in this important challenge!
sponsor a child today!



 
 





 













 

 
 
 





		©2017-2022 don’t sweat the small stuff® web development by nikko bivens | website design by chelsea hamre	

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link





close this module
first namefirst nameyour emailemail addressyes, i want to be inspired!never see this message again.




























go to top




