
lucky dog books














  


 locations    


 events    


 trading policy    
 pricing policy     
    
 requests     

contact







neighborhood bookstores featuring
good recycled books, movies, music & more

50+ years of book recycling
 




our bricks 'n' mortar bookstores are devoted to offering the best selections
we can of used books, movies and music,
but you can also browse for almost all new book titles
and support our bookstores with your orders at



we also provide the ability to browse for streaming audio books 
and benefit our bookstores with your orders by visiting











locations

east dallas

lucky dog books

10534 garland rd.
east dallas
dallas, tx 75218
214-827-4860 
facebook, 
x, 
instagram & 
email list sign up

oak cliff
lucky dog books
911 w. jefferson
n. oak cliff
dallas, tx 75208
214-941-2665
facebook,
x, 
instagram & 
email list sign up

hours


everyday:
11am-7pm


contact
email us at
info@luckydogbooks.com



dart 
 schedules

services
books mailed
requests
gift certificates
events
wholesale
consulting

various links


history


the first of the bookstores known originally as paperbacks plus and later as lucky dog books opened in downtown mesquite in 1974, but really got their start as a one day a week experiment called saturday books in 1973 in terrell, texas. 
click here to read the beginning of a history that chronicles the early 
years from 1973-1984 and/or here to read a story that ran in 
the mesquite news about our 40th anniversary event and/or
 here for a feature published
  in the sunday, september 8, 2013, edition of
the dallas morning news with 4 photos including the one below by kye r. lee (taken during the lochwood years on garland road before our move to casa linda plaza in the summer of 2017
and our subsequent move to 10534 garland road in the summer of 2018). 

plus: a short video 
from the lakewood years.


also:

here is a link to the kera 90.1 fm radio show that aired june 9, 2014, featuring several local bookstores including lucky dog books.





oak cliff news:

oak cliff
bookstores

oak cliff had the most bookstores in dallas even before adding a new specialty shop recently.


 this poster from last year's indie bookstore day reminds of the event
  that is becoming an annual occurence with each bookstore creating 
 home grown events to celebrate.


here are the 6 shops that
 you can tour in your own book crawl whenever time permits:

blush bookstore at 432 w 8th st;
pan african connection at 4466 s marsalis;
poets bookshop in the heart of the bishop arts district at 506 n. bishop;
whose books at their new location of 512 w. davis;
wild detectives also in bishop arts at 314 w. 8th;
lucky dog books at 911 w. jefferson boulevard.




share your
knowledge
& skills

we need folks like you to create/host events at our bookstores in dallas where we have public spaces/lounge areas.

whether ongoing or one time occurences, 
readings, workshops, chat groups, book clubs, or other sorts of social circles would be welcome

things we would especially like to see happen here would include a poetry night, a chess club, and discussion groups around science news or public radio content from kera-fm, and a young readers book club.

we have a lot of opportunities right now with many open slots on our weekly/monthly calendar.

please drop us an email if you are interested.


google map
dallas area
bookstores
we've compiled a map of dallas area bookstores past and present  
that you might like to check out. let us know of others that 
should be added.







east dallas news:

tasty treats for readers


we continue to offer
the tasty cookies
from the local bakers at
wackym's kitchen.

we make every
effort to stock all 
of their flavors
at both locations.



younger readers


younger readers are very important to the bookstores. 
we want to encourage you to encourage them to read. 
so keep us in mind as a pretty inexpensive, quieter 
than average place to spend some time with your child, grandchild, niece or nephew. 




 ...and...we continue to get in amazing collections of books, dvds, cds, etc.
 
check out our facebook page for pictures of some of the recent arrivals.



buy a bookstore?
we've been doing this for 50 years and are wondering if it's time to let someone else give it a try at one or both locations? a younger couple? a neighborhood co-op? 
please click here if you or someone you know may be interested in this.
or here to see an interesting variation that we would be glad to entertain.



movies

dvd, vhs, laser...
music

cds, lps, 45s, 78s, cassettes, 8-track tapes... 





gift certificates
we still use good old fashioned paper gift certificates here at the bookstores which provide some advantages over the new fangled gift cards.

 our gift certificates can be personalized right on them. their layout includes a log of their usage so that it is always clear what the remaining balance is. and the store locations are shown on them so that your recipient doesn't have to look them up.

click the links above to get more details and even purchase some online if you prefer.


subscriptions

please be aware that you can give a reader in your life a monthly subscription to the bookstores that will provide them with the number of $5 off mini-gift certificates that fits your budget. and you'll only pay for it each month as it happens through paypal with the ability to cancel anytime.

 or consider subscribing to the bookstores today as a way of expressing your committment to their future while enjoying the full value of your participation through the monthly receipt of our mini-gift certificates. 


start a cafe?
each bookstore has room for some sort of cafe. we'd like to find the right folks for each location to get one going.
click here to pursue this idea.



books 
fiction
non-fiction
paperbacks
hardbacks
children's books
sheet music
comics & manga
magazines
large print
audio books
other languages

also, many new, used, and 
out-of-print titles by local 
writers.











 
 


we'd like to thank david card of poor david's pub for being so supportive over the last many years, 
helping us get through some really tough spots with the bookstores. 

we've been hearing great live music at his places since he was on mckinney avenue 
way back in the '70s and then when he was on greenville avenue for many years 
before he made the move to s. lamar a very short distance from southside and next door to bill's records.

we'd like to encourage you to check out his line up and sample some of his performers if you are not familiar with them. 
there are sure to be some that you will enjoy.


this page last updated january 5, 2025.
please refresh your browser to make sure you are 
viewing the most recent edition of this page.
 © 1995-2025 paperbacks plus and lucky dog books. all rights reserved. 

