


mind meeting mind in minutes horsemanship










notice!  notice! 
every video, every ebook on this site is available on a no obligation basis.  you may share the info at will, i'd appreciate it if you would try to include the source, marvwalker.com.  this is a large site, i am working on removing all price points, if you come across something you cannot access for some reason, email me, and i'll take care of it.
should you find something of value and you feel the urge to contribute to the site you can send whatever you like to marv@marvwalker.com at paypal.com
~~~ click here if you are experiencing a horse problem  ~~~

marv walker index content

commentaries 
herd dynamics
bonder related
training your horse
educational ebooks
educational videos
general stuff

on facebook - marv walker horses
remembering rodney, a treasured brother

send a horse problem or comment to marv walker. 
bringing marv walker to your area  

 back to top 

no obligation ebooks


download ~  "how to quickly get into the head of any horse" ebook 
download ~   "how to despook your horse using its natural instincts" ebook  
download ~   "how to focus the unfocused or buddy sour horse" ebook  
download ~   "if the subject is horses - issue 1 horses" ebook  
download ~   "how to find free or nearly free horses!" ebook  
download ~   "everything you need to know about guineas!" ebook  


no obligation marv walker educational videos
these videos have been produced over a 30 year or so time period with various kinds of equipment.  the quality of some may not be up to today's standards but the information is very bit as applicable today as it was the day it was recorded.  
the list below is in the process of being worked on and added to.  should you have any problem accessing any of the videos listed feel free to email me or contact me by phone at 706 816-7190 and i'll correct the problem.


how horses think  
mentally connecting with the adult horse  
guaranteed horse despooking ~ how to despook any horse
drive 101 ~ beginning ground driving with your horse
focusing the unfocused horse aka dealing with the buddy sour horse
lunge 101 ~ starting your horse on the lunge, longe, long or whatever line
lunge 101.2 ~ my second starting your horse on the lunge, longe, long or whatever line
troubleshooting physical issues in horses
bridling the hard to bridle horse
teaching foals to lead when they're bigger than you are
how to teach your horse to give to pressure and build softness
dealing with the aggressive horse and the determined challenger
gaining the respect of disrespectful horses

 
 back to top 
 


commentaries


first time visitor to marvwalker.com? click here.
why have i failed to bond with my horse?
understanding physical discipline from the horse's perspective
how do i separate cues?
the horse with low handler expectations
four causes of aggression.
questions about a horse attack
bonder & respect questions
my horse turns and kicks at me
puttin up with a really grumpy mare 
the chicago gaiting problem 
various skin conditions in horses ~ one cause
the laughing mule 
the only woman hating horse i've met
trouble-free longeing. 
sensing and acting on a horse's energy flow 
controlling a horse wherever you are at 
annie, the blind 2007 quarter horse mare by nancy dyer
the importance of caution around horses
introduction to marv walker the horseperson
how my nearly 50 years of horses can be yours in two days...
two little known "secrets" about horses
join a super bunch of folks discussing horse stuff
my first ever clinic nov. 14-15, 98 madison, ga
the bird feeder horse lesson
natural horsemanship stumps
dealing with the horse who will only face or flee
my colt practices breeding techniques on unsuspecting humans
what is this horse looking for, anyway?
"whoooeee!  i told you she's a kicker!"
just when you think you've seen it all...
horse problems can you help?
ordering your horse off a showroom floor
making the wrong thing hard, the right thing easy
speaking horse
when a whip is not a whip
what should i have done?
naming your horse after a weather pattern
four letter horse breed name
my horse eats old hay off the ground
the answer is not love
who's better scared, you or your horse?
only one thing left
horse lays down on rider
when a good horse goes bad!
crazy arabs
bitin' horses and bitin' birds!
sounds worse than it was
saddled with a sad saddle!
a korn ewe kopia of things!
one of us is beating the daylights out of the other
my horse won't get up when i approach
the right mindset for dealing with horses
bonder user pleased with results.  now what?
big gelding strikes on the longe
cushings induced aggression in horses
and still more on rearing horses
when little ponies become big bullies
"she's not my horse any more - i want her back "
rodney - "has my number and it ain't addin' up."
lucy - "only stays on the bit for a few seconds"
diamond - rearing, bucking, sour attitude
bucking can be a pain in the back
why does this horse buck unpredictably?
possum playing percheron
rearing in the roping box
help!  do i have a stubborn horse?
dealing with super human-aggressive horses
young horse regresses after herd change
picking the winner of a horse race
the horse that won't stand for mounting
10 year old morgan gelding goes as he pleases
the case of the head-butting horse
avoiding mental and physical problems when working young horses
never send your horse to a trainer
horse kicks at stomach while moving under saddle
shall we keep a blind horse?
my foal acts frighteningly foolish
horse bucks during rider's longe riding lesson
horse afraid of the water
horse backs up when it's sposed to go forward
longeing difficult horses
devices that cure bad habits and bucking
horses who spook for no apparent reason
horses who attack 
dealing with horse to human aggression
horses who pin or lay their ears back
bite realignment ` incisors
when and how to hit a horse
the case of the flipping horse
why horses rear
rearing in the recovering horse
the horse who loves to rear
make it clear you're no deer
trail riding safety - coming back in your saddle and not draped over it
inter-species communication - mental messaging
what can the heavier rider do when confidence slips?
marv, all i ever hear about is the bonder. what else do you do beyond the bonder?  can you train bull-fighting horses?
when your green or any other color horse bucks at the lope and makes you feel yellow
dealing with the turnout bolter
thoughts on horse who bolt under saddle
horse all go no whoa woes
my horse challenges me constantly
an example of acting like a lead horse would act
headshaking in horses
respect issues ~ the number one horse problem
getting the respect you deserve from a horse
getting your horse to take the bit by katie colton
breaking a horse to saddle in under 30 minutes
despooking the horse
a bonder command performance at daymark farm ~ july 11, 1998
when a horse needs a sense of place
horse herd dynamics in action
human memory triggers
good horse ~ bad attitude
curing ring sour game horses
taking your appendix(qh) out on the road
lightning unlikely cause of loading problem
horse tries to roll on you
mutton whithered horses
my horse insists on backing up
fear of riding
making whiskey sour
sometimes it's the owner 
confidence, bucking and bolting 
pain and/or respect handling problems 
back to top
herd dynamics

herd dynamics: introduction
herd dynamics: take rights or honor them
herd dynamics: the effect of fear
herd dynamics: fear is a product of choice
herd dynamics: effective leadership is neither dictatorship or domination
herd dynamics: the variables of fear
herd dynamics: questions and comments of readers
~ back to top ~
bonder related

what it means when horses lick and chew
doing the bonder on babies by kellie sharpe
how do you know when the bonder connection is made?
controlling the horse's speed during the bonder
addressing some bonder nuance questions
horse regressing after bonder
can more than one person "bond" with a horse?
young horse behavior during "bonder" & other times
doing the bonder on a leadline
one problem the bonder  corrects or eliminates all by itself
i believe my horse is "lying" during the bonder
the on again, off again "bondered" horse
when and how to address a problem in a "bonded" horse
controlling the uncontrollable horse during the bonder
bonding with 4 bonded semi wild mares 
bonding with a bad one
a bonder session report 
bonding and respect questions
i have done the bonder, it doesn't work 
bonder success sequence?
my horse won't move out for the bonder  
after the bonder...then what?  
back to top 
training your horse

conformation is so important in horse training
how old should my horse be before starting?
inconsistent gait correction
~ back to top ~
general stuff

bible, studies, passages and comments 
the deputy just left...
fighting depression


~ back to top ~
for further information contact marv walker 706 816-7190
questions, comments or suggestions 
