     fort myers lexus dealer in fort myers fl | bonita springs estero sanibel lexus dealership florida                           

  

                                              scanlon lexus of fort myers         sales 239-441-2823    service 239-441-2794  parts 239-441-2607      14200 south tamiami trailfort myers, fl 33912                                             service        map        contact                        scanlon lexus of fort myers               call 239-441-2841   directions                       new   search new inventory   lexus electrified    lexuscare   select a model to build   lexus reserve program     pre-owned   search pre-owned inventory   l/certified 5.49% apr specials   l/certified vehicles   vehicles under 18k   nearly new vehicles   carfax one owner   value your trade   fuel efficient vehicles   the scanlon preferred program   l/certified benefits   pre-owned commercial trucks & vans     buy online   specials   new lexus specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   tire specials   scanlon lexus referral program   regional offers     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   service and parts specials   tire specials   service pricing menu   order parts   tourist service deal   our waiting area     research   model showroom   fuel efficient vehicles   lc convertible   2024 lexus gx   2024 lexus tx   lexus electric vehicle guide     finance   get pre-approved   finance department   payment calculator   extended coverages   tax deductions on select lexus vehicles     sell your car   sell your car   scanlon instant trade offer   about our appraisal process    lexus lease exchange     about us   about us   buy online we deliver   meet our staff   hours & directions   why buy scanlon   contact us   careers   scanlon community news   privacy policy                      home   new   search new inventory   lexus electrified    lexuscare   select a model to build   lexus reserve program     pre-owned   search pre-owned inventory   l/certified 5.49% apr specials   l/certified vehicles   vehicles under 18k   nearly new vehicles   carfax one owner   value your trade   fuel efficient vehicles   the scanlon preferred program   l/certified benefits   pre-owned commercial trucks & vans     buy online   specials   new lexus specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   tire specials   scanlon lexus referral program   regional offers     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service   service and parts specials   tire specials   service pricing menu   order parts   tourist service deal   our waiting area     research   model showroom   fuel efficient vehicles   lc convertible   2024 lexus gx   2024 lexus tx   lexus electric vehicle guide     finance   get pre-approved   finance department   payment calculator   extended coverages   tax deductions on select lexus vehicles     sell your car   sell your car   scanlon instant trade offer   about our appraisal process    lexus lease exchange     about us   about us   buy online we deliver   meet our staff   hours & directions   why buy scanlon   contact us   careers   scanlon community news   privacy policy                  











inventory




inventory search


     vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new pre-owned certified    any year  any make  any model search     new pre-owned certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new pre-owned      search       











service




schedule service
 schedule now





service


there are technicians who are familiar with a lexus, and those who focus on nothing else. between parts that are compatible and those that are precision-crafted. experience unrivaled care and unparalleled expertise. experience service by lexus.






service
award winning service.
learn more






schedule
book your next appointment.
learn more






specials
offers for a limited time.
learn more


















      offer details          offer details          offer details          offer details          offer details          offer details          offer details          offer details          offer details          offer details          offer details          offer details          offer details          offer details                                                                                    search new inventory     search used inventory               suvs   sedans   hybrids & electric   performance           ux hybrid 41/38 est mpg      nx 26/33 est mpg      nx hybrid 41/37 est mpg      nx phev       rz       rx       rx hybrid       rx phev       tx      tx hybrid      tx phev      gx 15/19 est mpg      lx 17/22 est mpg      lx hybrid           is 21/31 est mpg      is 500       es 25/34 est mpg      es hybrid 43/44 est mpg      ls 18/29 est mpg      ls hybrid 30/38 est mpg          ux hybrid 41/38 est mpg      nx hybrid 41/37 est mpg      nx plug-in hybrid ev       rz       rx hybrid       rx 500 hybrid       es hybrid 43/44 est mpg      ls hybrid 30/38 est mpg      lc hybrid 26/34 est mpg      tx hybrid 27/38 est mpg      tx phev      lx hybrid           is 500       rc 21/31 est mpg      rc f 16/24 est mpg      lc 16/25 est mpg      lc hybrid 26/34 est mpg      lc convertible 16/25 est mpg       
     



lexus service pickup & delivery



current offers




 
 
 

special offers
learn more






 
 
 

value your trade
learn more




 
 
 

how to buy online
learn more






 
 
 

l/certified by lexus
learn more



     
      
       

scanlon lexus

in fort myers, fl
scanlon lexus of fort myers is here to bring top-notch lexus sales, service and financing to drivers from all over southwest florida. for more than 40 years, our lexus dealership has provided our customers with an impressive selection of new lexus and l/certified pre-owned lexus models, expert lexus service technicians and a friendly finance team that can find the right payment plan for you. pay us a visit today, and treat yourself to the type of car-buying experience you deserve.
more about us





     


lexus lease return center






sales hours      monday 8:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 8:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 8:00pm    friday 8:00am - 8:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed  sales is open 12-4:00 pm the last sunday of the month!  

     



follow us


                                 


     

lexus dealership in fort myers, florida
if you have been searching for a florida car or you're a florida car buyer on the hunt for a luxury new or quality pre-owned vehicle, scanlon lexus of fort myers is ready to serve you. scanlon has the absolute best low mile, one owner vehicles here in sw florida!  our dealership is located in fort myers, and we are also honored to work with consumers from bonita springs, estero, sanibel, and lehigh acres. learn about our amazing inventory and find out how we can help you find the model that meets your needs with style.



history of our dealership
our dealership has served florida residents for more than four decades, and we have always been committed to providing every person who walks through our doors a vip experience. we are family-owned and -operated (a part of the
scanlon auto group), and we have made it a point to develop strong community ties by working with organizations and are contributors to the american cancer society, children's hospital of southwest florida, boys and girls clubs of lee county, habitat for humanity of lee and hendry counties, united way-lee county and many other groups.
our commitment to customer service has also garnered several awards and recognitions. for two years running, we have been named a cargurus top rated dealership, and we have also been an elite of lexus dealer for 29 years in a row. when you shop with us, you'll get the world-class service and stress-free dealership experience that you deserve.
certified lexus service
our commitment to you doesn't end after your sale is complete. we want to make sure your lexus always runs the way it's supposed to, which is why we offer a service team staffed by some of the best lexus technicians in florida. 
our team includes lexus oem-certified technicians, all of which can help you keep your vehicle in great shape. anytime you feel like your car isn't performing how it should, or if it's time for regular service such as an oil change, you can visit our team and get the help that you need.


selecting your vehicle
if you've always wanted to drive a luxury vehicle, investing in a lexus is a smart choice. lexus hold their value, so you will spend less owing one in the long run.   we stock the newest lexus models available, and our sales team is ready and waiting to talk with you about the best vehicles we have in stock. a few of our most popular models include the rx, nx, es, gx, and is.  lexus also is the pioneer in hybrid technology and have many models of hybrid to choose from.
in addition to serving as your top resource for new lexus models, we are also your go-to destination for quality pre-owned vehicles. we specialize in both low-mile luxury vehicles and extra-clean, low-mile domestic cars. spend a few minutes browsing our pre-owned inventory, and we're sure you'll find a car that you'll want to take home. 
whether you decide to buy new or pre-owned, our financing team can help you apply for an auto loan. one of our professionals will reach out to local lenders so that you get the rates that you need.
shop our inventory
scanlon lexus of fort myers is one of the top dealerships in southwest florida, and we are here to help you whether you're from lehigh acres, sanibel, estero, bonita springs, or fort myers. our inventory is filled with high-quality new and pre-owned vehicles, and our staff is standing by to help you choose the model that will fulfill your transportation needs.

                 copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | consent preferences | safety recalls & service campaigns | scanlon lexus of fort myers | 14200 south tamiami trail, fort myers, fl 33912 | sales: 239-441-2823239-441-2841            





















                   