


pins by magic



























































 






































 










email us now!  
call today! 1-800-749-3676 
 
 







			 corporate pins are a very popular item these days. incentive awards, employee recognition, sales achievement awards, and trade show premiums are just a few of the reasons many companies are producing lapel pins.




             we carry a vast line of promotional products including medals, jellyband wristbands, coins, keychains, patches, lanyards, collectors' pin bags, wristbands, and much more. imagine how intimidating it is to face a team with matching tattoos! our clients have been very loyal repeat customers over the years, because they know we understand their goal—to create a hot team pin for the kids to trade! basketball, football, softball, baseball, soccer—we understand all sports. we are very involved in the sports organizations, even coaching our own children and other teams on the weekends. 

  we use special effects to give our lapel pins that extra sizzle. glitter paint is a wonderful touch that adds a classy, retro feel. blinkie pins have very bright led lights mounted on them that attract lots of attention. spinners, sliders, danglers and bobbleheads are really two pins in one, and they act just like they are named. the added movement makes the pins seem almost animated. jewels are a very classy idea, and make great character eyes. puzzle pins are also several team pins combined into one, with different pieces for each team member to collect. of course we can also supply you with t-shirts, banners, decals, embroidered hats, or other event related promotional items. whether you are going to cooperstown or another softball tournament or baseball camp, we can make trading pins that your team will love. 


               cloisonné pins are the highest quality, jewelry-like lapel pins that can be made. these are better for corporate awards, as they cost more to produce. various metal finishes are available, including antique finishes. jewels or danglers are nice additions to corporate pins to denote years of service or other milestones. biker groups, sports teams, and disney fans all collect pins with great interest these days. charitable organizations, awareness causes, and other groups are finding custom lapel pins to be a wonderful fundraising activity. 
 

give us a call. 
              whatever your lapel pin needs, we can exceed your expectations. 
             call us at 1-800-749-3676.








© 2013 magic business forms     all rights reserved


quick jump menu
          
- select destination -
3d pins
artwork
black metal pins
blinkies
bobbleheads
cloisonne
coins
collector bags
colors
contact us
corporate pins
customer quotes
danglers
embroidered patches
free estimate
glass dome
glitter
glow in the dark
gold metal pins
golf ball markers
jelly band bracelets
jewels
keychains
lanyards
metal finishes
other items
photo etched pins
pin colors
pin gallery
pin production
printed pins
puzzle pins
silver metal pins
sliders
special effects
spinners
stock pins
team pins
temporary tattoos
which pin type?




sitemap






















