bookshareskip to contentthe bookshare website has a new look!learn what’s new and what’s comingdonateselect languageenglishespañolthe bookshare website has a new look!learn what’s new and what’s comingdonateselect languageenglishespañollog insign up


learn without limits
ignite learning with easy-to-read audiobooks and ebooks for learners of all abilities.

sign up
learn more





read and learn easier

assisted readinglisten to words read aloud, follow with karaoke-style highlighting, enlarge text, or read in braille
over 1.3 million titlesbestsellers, children’s books, educational titles, career resources, and many more
10,000 freely availablehuge collection of public domain books available to anyone around the world for free
no wait readingread as many books as you want, no wait times or due dates


learn about the bookshare library



learn for a lifetime






bookshare reader
read easily with our free reading app for web browsers, smartphones, tablets, and alexa-enabled smart speakers.

    find and read books directly in the app
    listen to books in high quality audio
follow along with karaoke-style highlighting


learn about bookshare reader













explore the world’s biggest accessible ebook library


new and trending
check out all of our recently added and popular titles.


popular last month
new on bookshare
ny times fiction
ny times nonfiction 
popular teen books 
popular kid’s books 

award winning
explore all of the top critically acclaimed titles.

newbery award winners
schneider family book award
pulitzer prize award winners
coretta scott king book awards
pen open book award
goodreads choice award

explore library




our partners
bookshare® is only possible with the huge support from the us department of education and other partners.






interested in getting involved?consider donating or partnering with us.



join bookshare and enjoy millions of ebooks

sign up today


still have questions?

visit help and learning











about
who we are
careers
events
media kit




get involved

donate 
partner with us









help

help and learning center
contact us
site map





legal

legal
privacy
accessibility









follow us
our blog
facebook
instagram
x
youtube




download app
apple/ios
google/android
amazon alexa











this project is supported by the u.s. department of education, office of special education programs (award number h327d220002). opinions expressed herein are those of the authors and do not necessarily represent the position of the u.s. department of education.bookshare® and benetech® are registered trademarks of beneficent technology, inc. © copyright 2024, beneficent technology, inc.



