



bryce fastener | best high security fasteners - anti theft security bolts, wood security screws, vandal resistant nuts, locking bolts, & tamper proof screws










































homeaboutproductsbolts & screwsnutspricingcontact



(480) 503-3801

menu


manufacturer of the world's most secure fasteners

patented | never in stores
security. personalized.
key-rex® custom manufactured security bolts, screws & nuts
exclusive-to-you design that’s engineered for zero-theft. 100% made-to-order, right here in gilbert, arizona.

as few as# 500 pcs
			as soon asupdate 2 weeks
			maximum securityfingerprint bit encryption


key-rex® bolt & driver bit
			shown with one of over 55 billion possible key-rex® drive configurations.
		



as unique as your fingerprint.
more secure than any tamper-proof screws on the market.
the key-rex® fastener can’t be removed without its perfectly matched driver bit.










customer testimonial
it’s uniquely our own — only we have the key.
i never knew we could have security screws with a drive designed specifically for our company. key-rex saves us time, money, and headaches, no longer having to constantly replace stolen and damaged items. thank you for helping me impress my boss!
jim haskins product engineertransportation manufacturer dearborn, michigan


total control.key-rex® you control how many keys there are and ever will be.




any industry.
the value of custom security pays for itself.
if you've ever had a loss, you know.


construction

jobsite office trailers
security fencing
security doors
signage
lighting
heavy equipment


education & medical

bike racks
computer labs
museum exhibits
hospitals
medical devices
access control keypads


high-end custom products

safes
house arrest/parole bands
oems
police body cameras
rock walls
lock boxes


manufacturing

control panels
assembly lines
overhead cranes
robotics


military & public safety

aerospace
correctional/rehab facilities
radar devices
drones
research labs
security fencing


networking

cell towers
data servers
security cameras
fiberoptic cable
workstations


oil & gas

pipelines
wellheads
pumps
tankers
rigs


retail

payment terminals
signage & displays
small electronics mounts
custom lighting
security cages
custom racking


self-service & automation

atms
parking meters
scooter/bike share
vending machines
charging stations


utilities & infrastructure

traffic signals
power plants (nuclear)
pull box lids
solar panels/battery enclosures
street lights
public art/statues




show more add_circle



any security need.
choose the right security fastener for your unique application.
patented drives only available from bryce fastener | never sold in stores




custom made for each customer.
key-rex®
the most secure, tamper-proof screw and bolt on the market. patented worldwide. designed to simply not be removed by anyone but the owner — ever. not available in any store.
see more


in-stock. controlled inventory.
penta-plus™
pentagon design is configured to keep out torx-pin, hex-pin and all other tamper-resistant bits. only available to bryce fastener™ customers and bits are controlled through our customer database. next to key-rex®, penta-plus™ is your best tamper-proof option on the market.
see more


better than torx®.
stykfit®7
patented design provides tight tolerance between bit and screw for a “stick-fit”. screws don’t fall off the bit, even when bearing weight – perfect for assembly applications.
fast indexing, ease of use and improved installation times are the result. looking to make gains in productivity and efficiency with a security screw? this is it.
see more


a better “one-way.”
strip-lok™
strip-lok™ acts like a one-way, but can be power driven for max torque before intentionally stripping to make the perfect non-removable security screw.
see more


see all products



security nuts - innovation like no other
from tamper-proof nuts to specialized, custom-made locking nuts.
patented drives only available from bryce fastener | never sold in stores




custom made for each customer.
key-rex® nut
key-rex® nuts are the world's most secure, tamper-proof nuts on the market. every set of key-rex® nuts are custom "keyed" for the client. only the client has the sockets to fit their custom set which are designed to be nearly impossible to remove without the socket.
see more


in-stock. controlled inventory.
penta-nut™
penta-nut™ security nuts have the largest diameter compared to other available anti theft nuts and security nuts, and with the added raptor™ security head, no washer is needed. these high-security 316 stainless steel tamper proof nuts turn any bolt into a lock.
see more


pipeline protector & security cap
key-rex® wellhead nut
we designed the key-rex® wellhead nut with defense features other security nuts don’t have.
see more


see all products


trusted.






















security fasteners - tamper proof screws, security screws, anti theft nuts, vandal proof/tamper resistant locking bolts


all tamper-proof screws are not created equal. the problem with most other security screws is that they are not actually as secure as one might think.
the fact is, except for bryce fastener's, most so-called “tamper proof screws” are not at all what they claim. any person can go into almost any hardware store and buy a special tool or driver to so called tamper proof screws that most people believe are secure, locking, and thief resistant. there are even commonly available types of driver bits to remove those so-called “one-way screws”. so what is your alternative for true peace of mind? truly unique tamper proof screws made by bryce fastener.
bryce is a u.s. custom screw manufacturer located in gilbert, arizona. the tinker resistant security screws, tamper-proof bolts, tamper-resistant screws, security nuts and other security fasteners bryce manufactures are simply the finest in the world. tamper resistant fasteners with revolutionary head designs are all we manufacture and our security bits are not available on the market.


all industries can benefit
virtually every industry, from retail stores to governmental security has issues with theft, loss prevention and vandalism. many of them, after suffering serious losses, put an end to their issues with bryce fastener’s tamper proof bolts, screws, and nuts. bryce fasteners are perfect for a wide variety of security applications, from the internal workings of a medical device with our miniature fasteners, to a product display, all the way up to gas and oil pipelines with our key rex structural nut with security cap. we have even developed the absolute best concrete security screws on the planet. best of all, if you don't see a style of security bolts, security nuts, screws, or fasteners on our site that fit your needs, we'll design one for you. after all, we are the manufacturer, and we have the finest designers of screws and fasteners in the industry.
many electronics manufacturers
many electronics manufacturers and product engineers need efficient, cost-effective means to protect components from prying hands, tools and eyes. they find the bryce key rex screws and nuts nearly 100% effective in their applications, down to the tiniest sizes of screws. this is essential in protecting themselves from liability. it’s also important when they need to keep proprietary information out of the hands of others. traditional tamper resistant screws would not do the job, as their bits are available in stores, but our revolutionary designs and limited availability of our security bits, ensure the job is done right.
retail organizations
retail organizations need simple, effective, affordable means to prevent loss from theft and wreckage of their products and premises. bryce tamper proof screws and tinker resistant fasteners have prevented countless cases of loss at a wide range of stores around the world.
universities everywhere
universities everywhere protect costly classroom equipment with the world’s finest and most unique anti-theft screws, locking nuts and bolts made by bryce. time after time, we receive reports from schools when they discover all the screws removed from a securing device except the one or two security screws from bryce. those one or two screws were all that was needed to prevent costly items from being detached and carried away. we've also heard of cases where a few bryce wood screws saved the day, such as when our screws were the only things that kept several wooden benches from ending up in the school pond.
utility companies
utility companies rely on bryce tamper resistant screws and tamper proof fasteners to prevent theft of expensive equipment such as miles of copper wire. they also rely on large numbers of penta bolts, security bolts, and tamperproof screws from bryce to effectively prevent manhole covers and other access points from being breached.
a bryce fastener screw should be your best first line of defense against loss, theft, unauthorized entry and destruction of property. bryce manufactures some of the only truly tamper proof screws in the world. if bryce doesn’t have what you’re looking for, or you have a question, give us a call. we custom design and manufacture screws and other tamper proof fasteners to fit almost any need.





homeaboutproductspricingcontactsitemapblognewsletterespañolcad on demand

bryce fastener™
				1230 n mondel drive
				gilbert, arizona 85233

facebook
x
youtube
linkedin
instagram







bryce fastener is the world leader in high-security locking bolts and fasteners, security screws, tamper-proof and tamper-resistant screws.
key-rex®, keyed-lok®. penta-plus™, hex-pin™, and tam-6lobe™ are registered trademarks of bryce fastener manufacturing.
		© copyright bryce fastener manufacturing, inc., 2020. all rights reserved. prices subject to change without notice. zero theft is not guaranteed.
		torx® is a registered trademark of acument intellectual properties, llc.
avenue 25 advertising, marketing & web design, phoenix, az
terms & conditions


