





zeeland public school – zeeland, north dakota
































	skip to content




zeeland public school


			zeeland, north dakota		




main navigation

		menu	
home
district

school board
superintendent
principal
faculty & staff


health & safety smart restart plan/return to in-person instruction
policies
title ix
news
calendar
lunch menu
elementary school
high school
fbla
student handbook
forms
distance learning resources
district distance learning plan
assessment
contact information










zeeland public school mission statement
the mission of the zeeland public school is to promote educational excellence, personal responsibility and balanced growth, which will enable the students to succeed in life at their chosen level of expertise.

2024-2025 elementary reading program
 reading logdownload

nd insights dashboard
north dakota has an accountability system reported through insights, more commonly referred to as the “dashboard.” the dashboard contains reports that display the performance of school districts, schools, and student groups on a set of state and local measures to assist in identifying strengths, challenges, and areas in need of additional support.
north dakota’s insights website is designed to help communities across the state access important information about k-12 districts and school – including ours. the north dakota dashboard features easy-to-read reports on multiple measures of school success, including test scores, graduation rates, english learner progress and attendance. the dashboard replaces the former school district report card and adequate yearly progress (ayp) reports.
please note, the data made available to the public masks or hides data for groups with 10 or fewer students to protect confidential information about individual students.
for questions concerning k-12 education data, please contact the north dakota department of public instruction. phone: (701) 328-2260.
you may also direct questions regarding our specific district data to superintendent trudy fraase wolf at 701-423-5429.
there is a direct link to nd insights dashboard on the quick links area on the right side of this web page or you can click here.

zeeland public school non-discrimination policy
nondiscrimination-policydownload








primary sidebar

toggle sidebar




noteworthy




thursday, february 13
--boys basketball at medina. jr. high boys begin play at 4:30 p.m.

friday, february 14
--girls wrestling region individuals at central cass

saturday, february 15
--boys wrestling region individuals at grafton
--speech at south prairie/max invite. depart at 5:30 a.m.

monday, february 17
--no school--presidents day
--speech at hazen

tuesday, february 18
--mcintosh county spelling bee at zeeland at 10:00 a.m.

thursday, february 20
--boys and girls state wrestling tournament at the fargodome

friday, february 21
--boys and girls state wrestling tournament at the fargodome
--no school--teacher professional development

saturday, february 22
--boys and girls state wrestling tournament at the fargodome
--speech at maple valley school, tower city, at 6:00 p.m.




quick links2024-2025 calendar
powerschool student/parent
powerschool teacher
great western network powerschool login
microsoft office 365 login
clever
edutech
nd hs activities association
district 6 sports schedules
nd insights dashboard
nd state library
learn 360
crea
great western itv network
ru ready nd
nd dpi
nd center for distance education
nd road report
emmons county record
internet speed test


follow usfacebook





footer widgets


if you cannot fully access the information on any web page of this site, please let us know the accessibility issue you are having by contacting trudy fraase wolf, superintendent at (701) 423-5429 or by e-mail at trudy.fraasewolf@k12.nd.us. we will try to provide the information to you in an alternate format and/or make the necessary improvements to make the information accessible. if you would like to file a formal grievance under section 504 of the rehabilitation act, you may contact our section 504 coordinator, trudy fraase wolf at 510 south main street, p. o. box 2, zeeland, nd 58581, at (701) 423-5429, or by e-mail at trudy.fraasewolf@k12.nd.us.
 





zeeland public school © 2025 . all rights reserved












