     birmingham al volkswagen dealer serving birmingham - new and used volkswagen dealership serving tuscaloosa al, cullman, oxford, oxford al                         






                                             royal volkswagen          3010 columbiana road, birmingham, al 35216    parts 205-978-4141   service 205-978-4141   sales 205-978-4141                       schedule service        contact        map        service                         royal volkswagen            call 205-978-4141    directions   service           customer reviews                      new   search inventory   value your trade   foreign business professionals program   volkswagen model videos    volkswagen college grad    military bonus program     used   search inventory   certified pre-owned vehicles   value your trade     explore payments   specials   new car specials   certified pre-owned specials   manufacturer incentives   service & parts specials   service specials     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   foreign business professionals program   payment calculator   vehicle protection plans     service   service department   request an appointment    competitive pricing   drivergear   vw carefree scheduled maintenance   volkswagen care menu maintenance   tire store   maintenance menu     parts   parts department   order parts   accessorize my vw     about   about us   hours & directions   contact us   meet our staff   careers   se habla espanol   how to videos   website survey   customer reviews                     home   new   search inventory   value your trade   foreign business professionals program   volkswagen model videos    volkswagen college grad    military bonus program     used   search inventory   certified pre-owned vehicles   value your trade     explore payments   specials   new car specials   certified pre-owned specials   manufacturer incentives   service & parts specials   service specials     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   foreign business professionals program   payment calculator   vehicle protection plans     service   service department   request an appointment    competitive pricing   drivergear   vw carefree scheduled maintenance   volkswagen care menu maintenance   tire store   maintenance menu     parts   parts department   order parts   accessorize my vw     about   about us   hours & directions   contact us   meet our staff   careers   se habla espanol   how to videos   website survey   customer reviews           
     









     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         






      learn more                                                                                     








special offers
view specials










schedule service
schedule now





      learn more                                                                                     


      search new inventory     search used inventory        



our models
 see our full lineup of new vehicles and find the one that best fits you.





suv


sedan










id.4







id.buzz







tiguan







atlas







atlas cross sport







taos











jetta







jetta gli







arteon







golf r







golf gti








explore all new inventory



     


explore financing
if you're interested in a new or certified pre-owned vw, you've come to the right place. apply now and get pre-approved in just a few minutes. additionally, we provide you with a payment calculator to estimate your buying power and monthly payments.
get pre-approved





     





the future of electric is here
the all new volkswagen id.4 suv is truly something to behold. with a striking, aerodynamic road presence and a spacious, comfortable interior, it'll transform how you think about electric cars. 
search inventory


      





service department
we made your volkswagen the superior vehicle it is today and we want to ensure it remains that way. our technicians are highly trained and certified to perform whatever work you may need on your vehicle. schedule your next appointment with us today.
schedule service







       


royal volkswagen
car buying done your way! we take care of our customers! family owned in jefferson county and the birmingham area for 76 years, we've been helping generations of vw owners find the perfect vw to suit their driving needs. located in beautiful vestavia hills, al, royal volkswagen is your leading new and certified pre-owned volkswagen car dealership in alabama. and this isn't just something we say... we're pleased to be the #1 combined volume new and certified pre-owned volkswagen dealer in the state, making it easier than ever to help you find the right vehicle for you and your family. we don't just offer volkswagen vehicles, we also offer a huge selection of used cars at our dealership in vestavia hills as well.
more about us





     

sales hours     monday 9:00am - 6:30pm    tuesday 9:00am - 6:30pm    wednesday 9:00am - 6:30pm    thursday 9:00am - 6:30pm    friday 9:00am - 6:30pm     saturday 9:00am - 6:00pm    sunday closed    




customer reviews
average score 4.8 (435 reviews) 
read here 





visit us


3010 columbiana road, birmingham, al 35216



            






          

your volkswagen dealership in birmingham, al

once you're an owner, royal volkswagen is still here to help you have the best experience possible. our customers love our on-site car service and maintenance staff and department, where highly trained technicians use the best equipment and only certified volkswagen parts on your car, keeping your model running smoothly and reliably for years to come.





we're ready to treat you like royalty

our passion and dedication to the volkswagen brand shows in everything we do. from the moment you walk into our facility you will see that at royal volkswagen we do things differently.


we value our heritage and embrace our future. in our showroom you will find the latest volkswagen models displayed in a relaxed, comfortable environment.


so if you have not been to royal volkswagen, we invite you to stop in and see for yourself what makes us different. we are located at 3010 columbiana road, birmingham, al 35216, and proudly serve drivers from birmingham, vestavia, hoover, mountain brook, homewood, trussville, pelham, alabaster, and montgomery as well.

explore new and used models online or in person

a major advantage to shopping for new cars at royal volkswagen is the variety of our inventory. suv's like the volkswagen atlas cross sport and tiguan provide the utility and power many drivers crave. compact cars are plentiful in the volkswagen brand with vehicles like the golf, golf gti, and golf r. volkswagen full size sedans like the jetta and passat offer responsive experiences, an intuitive feel for the driver.


you can find a robust selection of pre-owned vehicles at our dealership as well. from low-mileage certified cars and trucks to budget-friendly pre-owned vehicles.


we make it easy to shop for cars both online and around the birmingham area. if you're short of time or eager to get started, check out our online listings where you'll be able to work your own deal online and even buy right online. each vehicle is displayed with detailed photos and information about pricing and features. plus, sifting through the inventory is easy with our simple filtering functions. if you're more of a hands-on type, stop by our location and request a test drive. you'll find a low-pressure shopping environment where staff members are focused on finding the right car, truck, or suv for you.

easily apply for a lease or loan

don't let auto financing stress you out — work with the finance team at royal volkswagen and they'll simplify the process from start to finish. we know how to work with a range of potential lenders to make sure you get the lowest rates and payments possible. plus, we can point you toward the best new opportunities to save on volkswagen leases. whichever finance route you choose, we'll be here to make sure you get an individualized payment plan that fits your goals.



find a service center that can take care of your vehicle 

later down the road, your car will eventually need periodic services to keep it running properly. when that day arrives, the service center at royal volkswagen will be at your disposal. our combination of a well-equipped facility, knowledgeable staff members, and easy scheduling helps drivers near birmingham get the car care they need exactly when they need it. on top of that, we have an in-house parts center to supply all the components you may need with ease.


if you are not exactly in the market for a new volkswagen, then don't worry, because we will not try to push you into one, instead, our selection of quality pre-owned vehicles may interest you. many of our pre-owned vehicles are even volkswagen vehicles, so if you are still looking for that superior german engineering, then you have come to the right place. the great thing about buying a pre-owned volkswagen is that they almost get better with age. that is because they were built to standards so high that it could have only come from volkswagen. do not forget that we also accept trade-ins. if that new or pre-owned car seems to be just out of your budget, then think about getting rid of that old car today. head over to our trade-in calculator to see just what we are talking about.

we're here for whatever you need

at royal volkswagen we believe in providing excellent service, right here in birmingham, al. volkswagen models are not your typical cars, they require a little more than your typical service center to care of them properly. your car needs people with the proper training, the proper tools, and the proper facilities. volkswagen owners aren't usually very demanding, but they do demand a friendly hassle-free customer service experience when it comes to their car service, and we will not deny them that. we will get you in and out as fast as possible, with the job done correctly and to the high standards of volkswagen.


when it comes time to replace a part on that volkswagen of yours, there is only one place in the birmingham area that you should go, and that's royal volkswagen. we only sell genuine oem parts, which means that you only get the highest quality parts available for your car. we don't use or sell junkyard parts or bargain-bin aftermarket knock-offs. we work hard to maintain a large inventory so that when you need a part, we will have it. we make sure that you get the right part the first time, and if you should need it installed, we can do that too. our service and parts departments are here to help you with everything that you may need when it comes to volkswagen.




***please note*** displayed selling price requires financing or leasing new vehicle through royal volkswagen. this offer cannot be combined with special financing rates or lease offers. additional bonus available for military/first responders and recent college graduates (not all will qualify). pricing excludes taxes, title, fees, and accessories. we turn our inventory daily, please check with the dealer to confirm vehicle availability @ 205.823.3100.                 copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | royal volkswagen | 3010 columbiana road, birmingham, al 35216 | sales: 205-978-4141             




















                 