



outer banks vacation guide - outer banks, north carolina | obx connection






















toggle navigation













home
where to stay
rentals
real estate
classified ads
message board






webcams
news
restaurants
p.o.t.m.
recipes
obx pictures
login









the obx connection - your outer banks vacation guide





outer banks message board - the obx's busiest forum





										    the outer banks busiest message board with great information on your favorite 
										    area. ask questions, get answers and talk about obx. with thousands of members, the obx connection message board is a fun and informative forum!
visit the outer banks message board










outer banksaccommodations



outer banksrestaurant guide



outer banksactivities



outer bankswebcam directory






outer banksreal estate



outer bankswedding guide



outer banksnews feed



outer banksmember rentals







outer banks vacation rentals - find your obx beach house





										    there are thousands of outer banks vacation rental homes in all different shapes and sizes. you will find everything from oceanfront 
										    mansions that sleep 30, to affordable one bedroom condos. our outer banks vacation rental guide shows you what rental companies have the beach house 
										    you are looking for.
outer banks vacation rentals & property management









top 5 most recent topics from the outer banks message board


heading for the other side.... - posted by: beach farmer on 2/17/2025 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tv3pr87l-t8

nothing like driving up carova beach dead winter blasting old school tunes....ncdot is laying salt brine today . . .  - posted by: ncsu dad on 2/17/2025 on the pavement starting on the other side of the wmb and heading north.  we traveled as far as moyock and the brine was continuous up to and past moyock.   (au)  :usa: frisco sunset 02.17.25 - posted by: bentmtn on 2/17/2025 nice!sanderling and chef vivian howard - posted by: hoi toide on 2/17/2025 coming memorial day weekend re entry permits - posted by: rlaxn on 2/17/2025 not sure if someone else already posted and i missed it, but if not, here is the link for the 2025 permits.


https://www.darenc.gov/departments/emergency-management/reentry









outer banks restaurant guide





										    read reviews of the best (and worst) outer banks restaurants on obx connection. see pictures, check menus and get directions quickly 
										    and easily. if you are looking for great information on an outer banks restaurant, we can help!
visit the outer banks restaurant directory









top 5 most recent outer banks restaurant reviews


the waterfront trellis - amazingly beautiful venue a few weeks ago, i had the opportunity to provide entertainment at this venue.  i was blown away after walking in and seeing how beautiful it is.  we setup 18 led wireless uplights in the room and it just enhanced the venue’s beauty even more.  this venue, nested down in manteo, will be a hot spot for weddings and other events.  

book your event there….now!!!dajio - a must stop every time on ocracoke food is always fresh and fantastic. owners are very friendly and personable.saltbox cafe, the - a must-go place we discovered tsbc five - six years ago and made sure we had reservations before we would come down on vacation.  now that we live here (less than 4 minutes from tsbc), we go a least once a month and sometimes twice.  between my wife and i, i think we've kind of tried everything on the menu although they are constantly changing/modifying/tweaking their recipes.

we've never even had an 'ok' meal... [read full review]blue moon beach grill - back to the blue moon my better half and i stopped for lunch on a windy, overcast day. the remodeling they've done since we were last there (created a "waiting bar", added a game room, and outdoor dining) were welcome  i recall the large crowds inside and outside while waiting for a table before). even though it was at lunch, there was a small wait... we saw that as a good thing. sat at the bar in the main area and had... [read full review]mako mikes, inc. - mediocre at best we recently ate here for the first time and we won't be back.  the service was excellent, so i kinda feel sorry for the servers.  we both got shrimp that was utterly tasteless and kind of mushy.  frozen shrimp can be done better.  fries were ok, iced tea was godawful.









outer banks web cam directory - all obx webcams





										    there are many excellent outer banks webcams from corolla to hatteras island. 
										    you can see the beaches, the ocean and even several fishing piers and lighthouse web cams. there is nothing like being on the 
										    outer banks in person, but our obx web cams can help you feel like your here, even when you're 
										    far away.
see the outer banks webcam directory









top 5 most popular outer banks webcams


jennettes pier webcam nags headlive streaming video of the surf from jennette's pier, located in nags head, nc. this is a great outer banks webcam and shows why the obx is a great vacation spot!corolla light surf cama great streaming webcam from corolla light in the northern part of the outer banks. this is a full motion video feed with a very clear picture of the beach and the surf.wright memorial bridge webcama great webcam of the west end of the wright memorial bridge leading to the outer banks. the image is updated every couple of minutes and has a nice clear picture of the wmb traffic conditions.wight memorial bridge webcam 2th wright memorial bridge webcam on 158 in kitty hawk. facing west, you can see the traffic entering the outer banks on this ncdot webcam. the image is updated every minute.hilton head beach & tennis - beachnice webcam view of the beach and pool deck from the hilton head beach & tennis resort on the north end of hhi. it may take a few seconds to load, but it is worth the wait for the clear view of the beach and ocean. this webcam is a great way to see the beach on hilton head island when you can't be there in person.









what is the obx connection?


										    the obx connection is a site dedicated to everything you love about the outer banks of north carolina. 
										    we strive to be more than just an outer banks directory; we are a community site for vacationers and 
										    locals to come together and discuss their common passion for the outer banks.
										    the obx connection site offers more than just a outer banks vacation guide. 
										    you can read restaurant reviews, look 
										    through thousands of outer banks news articles from multiple sources, view 
										    webcams, find seafood recipes, 
										    read uncle jack's weblog, participate in the 
										    message board, and even play the obx connection game.please enjoy the site and feel free to participate in our little outer banks 
										    internet community!
























© 2000 - 2023 obxconnection.com 






home
where to stay
vacation guide
obx restaurants
real estate
member rentals
obx news




message board
outer banks webcams 
p.o.t.m. contest
member recipes
obc blogs
trip reports
member login










at obxconnection.com, we are passionate about the outer banks of north carolina. we love helping this wonderful community of outer banks enthusiasts that gather here at the obc.








