




 









louisville trailer and snow equipment - duke's a & w









































skip to content















                                                contact us                                        









(502) 961-0903 

about
catalogs
resources
my account
shop all
 

search 







menu




 

cart







 







 

cart








trailer parts schedule service 

snow plows/salt spreaders snow plows truck snow plows 
skid steer snow plows 
utv snowplows & spreaders 
municipal snow plows 

salt spreaders tailgate spreaders 
pickup spreaders 
mid size hoppers 
under tailgate spreaders 
anti-ice systems 
municipal spreaders 

municipal contractors municipal snow plows 
municipal spreaders 

winter promotions 
schedule service 

lighting & electrical 
schedule service 
hitches 
inventory management 
 


close menu



close cart























we are no longer open on saturdays. (however, our online store is open 24/7) 

 



 


•


•


•


•



←
→









snow plows, salt spreaders, shop supplies, trailer parts, and more
sales, installation, & repair 





                                                online store                                        













                                                service & repair                                        









                                                snow & ice equipment                                        









                                                inventory management                                        











 


trailer parts & accessories 





                                                trailer parts                                        







                                                service                                        





 


auto shop & electrical 





                                                online parts                                        







                                                service                                        





 


snow plows & salt spreaders 





                                                view parts                                        







                                                service                                        









 


inventory management 





                                                partner with us                                        





 


hitches & parts 





                                                hitches & parts                                        












do you manage or own inventory? 
let us help!
we can help supply & manage your inventory for you. contact us to learn more about our inventory management services. 





                                                inventory management                                        












 








all of your needs in one place 

 





 




            services        




 




full-service custom trailer repair & modifications
we service brakes, nerf bars, springs, welding, ladder racks, strobe lighting, fleet customization, & more. if you are in kentucky or southern indiana – dukes a&w is your #1 choice! 

 





 




            online parts        




 




free shipping on orders over $98.00!
looking for something – chances are we have it! our store is new, and we are adding additional products daily. if you don’t see what you are looking for, contact us! we also provide special pricing for large quantities. 

 






automotive & electrical supplies
partner with dukes to manage your parts inventory and supplies! let our knowledgeable and dedicated salespeople keep you supplied with what you need to run your business. special items – not to worry, we can get them too. 

 





 




            snow plows & salt spreaders        




 




hitches & accessories
we have the hitches, hitch products, strobe lighting, truck and vehicle accessories you want and need for your vehicle and towable conveyances. from bed liners, tonneau covers, lights, bike racks, or a thousand other accessories, our vehicle professionals install them. 

 





 




            trailers & hitches        




 










for 96 years our focus continues to be 




customer satisfaction & selling proven-performing products 

 













customer experience
















job done right the first time
















right price













small company feel. big company reach. 

 





access to over 100,000 parts & products
automotive & electrical shop supplies 
trailer fleet maintenance
electrical troubleshooting
vehicle & trailer modification
wholesale customer portal
yearly & seasonal trailer maintenance packages
on-site & off-site inventory & supply management
service, construction & municipal vehicle outfitting & setup
 

 



 





 

fast service

 

we came in this morning with a trailer loaded for vacation and the trailer lights stopped working, tom diagnosed it and a service tech had us back on the road in minutes. 

mark s.
louisville, ky



 





 

well done!

 

i wanted to take a moment and tell you thanks for all the work you did on my trailer and the concern you shared for getting us home safely. 

dave b.
white lake, mi



 







 

excellent experience

 

i had an excellent experience at duke’s. i have a crazy schedule and they were very accommodating. the work they did putting the hitch on my x5 looks very clean. 

john m.
prospect, ky



 





 

honest service

 

our trailer broke down… just want all the people of louisville to hear about their neighbors providing good and honest louisville hospitality. 

neil m.
indianapolis, in



 







 

an easy pleasure

 

i asked a neighbor who could do a good job on my trailer hitch and they said to call dukes a&w. i pulled up the website and took a look. easy to find and easy to follow.  i like doing business with people who have the inventory and the expertise.  

sammy w.
louisville, ky



 





 

highly recommend!!!

 

duke’s saved the day!! the day we picked up our u-haul to move out of state to ny we realized our lights didn’t work. duke’s was able to fit me in and fix the issue at a great price and got us on the road for our move the next day. highly recommend!! 

rebecca
new york



 







 

excellent & knowledgeable

 

i just purchased a trailer hitch and a cargo carrier from duke’s a&w for my (little) honda, and i received excellent customer support for this rather challenging situation. i was also trying to ensure that the bicycle rack from my subaru would also fit on the new hitch, and duke’s people worked with me to make everything come together. i had the subaru’s hitch installed at duke’s and will return again for their exemplary personal care. 

amy



 





 

quick, courteous & informative

 

duke’s has installed hitches or wiring converters on 4 different vehicles for me over the last 20 to 25 years. they have always been very customer service oriented… i left my hitch in the receiver over the winter and when i tried to remove it it was rusted in tight. they removed it and wire brushed out all of the rust at no charge. they are always quick and courteous and informative. i would not hesitate to use them in the future. 

guest



 



















1000 industrial blvdlouisville, ky 40219 

 











esales@dukesaw.com(502) 961-0903 

 












                                                product search                                        







 











back to top



 








© duke's a & w 2025accessibility statement 








popular linkssnow plows & salt spreaders
hitches
municipal contractors
inventory management
schedule service
 

contact uscontact
about
catalogs
resources
refund and returns policy
shop
 

visit us in person(502) 961-09031000 industrial blvdlouisville, ky 40219 
























































 

