















savannah, ga - official website | official website









 






 















skip to main content























    residents and visitors      business      government      city services      online services  


 

 

 





 












search







 
 
 

































 














top stories
 






  
 
 

















city of savannah responds to hb 581 impacts
georgia hb 581 aims to provide homestead tax relief to homeowners across the state, not just chatham county. it is a statewide exemption that mirrors chatham county's 1999 stephens-days exemption. view our information page to learn how this impacts city of savannah residents.









city wants residents to shape the future of savannah
in addition to the online survey, city staff and elected leaders will host seven community engagement meetings. the first will be a virtual kick-off meeting on saturday, feb. 1 at 10 a.m. from feb. 3 through monday, feb. 10, staff will host six in-person meetings in each of the city’s aldermanic districts.       the in-person meetings are an opportunity for participants to meet with their councilmember, neighbors, members of team savannah, and share ideas, concerns, and big dreams for the city’s future.  









hurricane helene: sanitation updates
 stay informed about our efforts to support the community during this recovery period and find resources to help you navigate disposal and recycling in the aftermath of the storm with timely updates on waste management services, collection schedules, and guidelines specific to post-hurricane clean-up.











  
 



  
 

















the proposed budget for fiscal year 2025 is now available!
the public can view the 2025 proposed budget as well as previous budgets online at savannahga.gov/budget.









city council meetings to be temporarily held at board of education’s whitney administrative complex
due to an ongoing restoration project in city hall, and a new phase of restoration focused on council chambers, all city council meetings will relocate to the board of education’s whitney administrative complex beginning thursday, sept. 12. 









spd unveils innovative community engagement app
the savannah police department is proud to announce the launch of a groundbreaking community engagement app, developed in collaboration with lighthouse for public safety. this new app is designed to strengthen the connection between spd and the savannah community by offering a range of interactive and informative features.











  
 



  
 














city jobs








utility services










 
 













make apayment








bids &contracts










 
 













contact youralderman








agendas &minutes










 
 
 




 














what's happening
 






  
 
 









 
 













council videos








recent videos










 
 



  
 














open recordsrequest








submit a request










 
 













citycalendar








project derenne










 
 



  
 







news flash








city offices to close in observance of president’s day 

read on...




city names jimmie h. johnson, iv director of the office of neighborhood safety and engagement 

read on...




city manager joseph a. melder named to the leadership georgia class of 2025 

read on...





view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














stay connected
 






  
 
 







twitter







tweets by cityofsavannah



 






  
 







instagram








 






  
 







facebook







 






  
 











 
 
 





 














looking for activities?connect with our recreation and leisure services and cultural resources class signups.
 






  
 
 














recreation and leisure








cultural resources










 
 
 



 














community resources
providing management and coordination of the city’s housing and neighborhood enhancement efforts.
 






  
 
 














housing savannah








human services










 
 
 





 














city council
 






  
 
 














van r. johnson, iimayor








carol bellpost 1, at-large








alicia miller blakelypost 2, at-large










 
 














bernetta b. lanierdistrict 1








detric leggettdistrict 2








linda wilder-bryandistrict 3










 
 














nick palumbodistrict 4








dr. estella e. shabazzdistrict 5








kurtis purteedistrict 6










 
 
 





savannah weather



 
 
 



 














 








 








 








 








 










 
 
 

 












search







 
 
 



 







contact us







city of savannahp.o. box 10272 east bay streetsavannah, ga 31401view site map
 






  
 







departments







city manager



city attorney



clerk of council



infrastructure and development



community services



municipal operations









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







popular links







mobility & parking services



pay citations



property taxes



purchasing



utility bill payments



utility services









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







site links







home



en español



accessibility



flood protection information



transparency in health coverage



employee login









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














back to top










 
 









 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close






















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









