







the best mystery books and movies








  topmystery.
homemoviesbooksauthorsdetectivesonline bookslinksagatha christie



mystery books bestsellers


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


welcome to topmystery.com - the website about the top mystery books,
movies and authors. this site is dedicated to the best mystery movies, books and authors from all time periods, except the movies which are mostly current. 

it is a good start into the mystery genre. i haven't read all the books listed but the lists are written by mystery writers, organizations, book clubs, readers votes, etc. so they should be a good source. what is more many books appear in almost every 
list( ex: "the murder of rodger acroyd") which is a good sign that only the top mystery books are listed.
there are also lists of more recent books if you are interested in that.




best mystery books










edgar allan poe award for best mystery novel ( 60 books )
the edgar awards are presented in the year after that of the publication of the work. the following is the lis ...













anthony award for best mystery novel ( 29 books )
this award for the best novel of the year is named for anthony boucher, a writer, critic, and fan of the myste ...













macavity award for best mystery novel ( 28 books )
nominees for and the winners of the macavity awards are selected by the members of mystery readers internation ...













lehman's recommended detective novels and stories ( 85 books )
in his book, the perfect murder: a study in detection (1989), david lehman provides a list of recommended titl ...













booksellers 100 favorite mysteries of the twentieth century ( 96 books )
members of the independent mystery booksellers association compiled a list released in january 2000 of their 1 ...













keatings 100 best crime and mystery books ( 97 books )
h. r. f. keating was the crime books reviewer for the london times for 15 years, a former chairman of the brit ...













winks' personal favorites in detective fiction  ( 304 books )
in the appendix to his detective fiction, a collection of critical essays, robin w. winks includes "a personal ...













crime writers' association's macallan gold dagger for fiction ( 57 books )
the crime writers association of great britain was founded in 1953 and is open to published writers of crime f ...


 
more official book lists...


mystery movies

here i consider a wide variety of movies. as long as there is a mysterious situation that is gradually revealed in the movie, 
which is not obvious to guess, and the ending is not the usual obvious hollywood ending. 
basically movies that present some chalenge to guees the outcome of the movie.
mostly newer movies are includedd. book adaptations, no matter how great when reading by the fireplace on a rainy day, in my opinion require lots of changes in order to overcome the sitcom/theater feel of them and become good movies, and therefore are also not included.



 

shutter island 

...
director: martin scorsese
actors:  leonardo dicaprio




 

gone girl 

...
director: david fincher
actors:  ben affleck, rosamund pike, neil patrick harris




 

the next three days 

...
director: paul haggis
actors:  russell crowe




 

inception 

...
director: christopher nolan
actors:  leonardo dicaprio, joseph gordon-levitt




 

oldboy 

...
director: chan-wook park
actors:  min-sik choi, ji-tae yu and hye-jeong kang




 

exam 

...
director: stuart hazeldine
actors:  luke mably, adar beck




 

interstellar
			 

...
director: christopher nolan
actors:  matthew mcconaughey, anne hathaway, jessica chastain





mystery
authors: i looked at many mystery sites on the internet and compiled
a list of the best mystery authors. most of them are classic mystery
authors that do not write anymore. nevertheless, some of the best
mystery books were written by them. for each author you will find a
biography, a photo, list of his works and links to other webpages about
the author.
detectives:
in this section you will find the most famous mystery detectives.
probably you know many of them. for each detective there is a link to
the books he or she is the main character in.
online
books: public domain mystery books that are available to read free
online. the links are to external websites. if you are interested to
read more online books you can go to www.blackmask.com. they have
downloadable books in many formats( palm, pocketpc, etc.)

agatha christie 

links:
many links to the best mystery sites on the internet. you can find links
to book reviews sites, authors sites, book discussions, general mystery
sites and so on.
agatha
christie: since in my opinion agatha christie is the best mystery
writer of all times i created a website specially about her. here you
will find agatha christie's biography, interesting facts and
articles, list of her books, summary and reviews off all her books, many
online books by agatha christie to read and much more.


 privacy statementaboutsitemap

