

































































richmond times-dispatch | breaking news | read richmond, va and virginia breaking news. get latest news, events and information on sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















35°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



virginia video network



crime



politics



state & region



education



nation & world



news tip




business


local



on the move



top workplaces




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



columnists




sports


high school



college



professional



betting



casino



lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



comics



puzzles



contests



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



travel



faith



announcements



sponsored features



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



today's ads



special sections




our publications


mechanicsville local



powhatan today



goochland gazette




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices



buyer's guide



rtd merchandise




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



subscribe



newsletter sign-up



contact us



advertise with rtd



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

business

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs








35°
sunny
























        
        
            visaa state swimming championships: collegiate girls, st. christopher's boys score 4-peats

the two teams won with a mixture of all-state swims and considerable depth.

















        
        
            vote now: richmond times-dispatch athlete of the week

the poll closes wednesday at noon. cast your vote now.  

















        
        
            'speed kills': tj's gough cruises past competition into a top football recruit

thomas jefferson football star amare' gough knew it from when he was a kid: he is the fastest guy on the field. 

















        
        
            look inside the new padel plant from 23-year-old twin brothers

richmond's newest padel and pickleball sports venue is now open from 23-year-old twin brothers alex and sam nordheimer. take a look inside.

















        
        
            coach k at the richmond forum: what did basketball's coaching goat have to say?

why's mike krzyzewski carrying a giant water bottle out onto the altria theater stage for his appearance at the richmond forum?

















        
        
            making a difference: keisha carmine helps people find housing and keep it

carmine relies on her own challenging life experiences to connect with people and help them find resources. “knowing that i can make a difference makes it all worth it ...” 


















        
        
            photos from former gate city star mac mcclung's win in the nba dunk contest









            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            acc basketball was once king — so how has the once-proud conference reached such a low?


















        
        
            virginia: with peace on tax rebates, gaming on the table in budget talks


















        
        
            st. mary's hospital to build 8-story tower, transforming its campus















                
                the latest


















        
        
            black wellness expo emphasizes mental health representation and support

the 2021 national survey on drug use and health found that of the 21% of black and african americans who had a mental health concern, only 39% of these individuals received mental health services. 




















        
        
            update: wind advisory affecting virginia until early monday

on sunday at 6:45 p.m. the national weather service issued an updated wind advisory in effect until monday at midnight. the advisory is for the richmond area as well as westmoreland, northumberland, lancaster, gloucester, middlesex, mathews, accomack, northampton, king william, king and quee…












        
        
            tornado warning for virginia sunday morning

on sunday at 10:18 a.m. a tornado warning was issued by the national weather service in effect until 10:45 a.m. the warning is for caroline, essex, hanover, henrico, king and queen, king william and the richmond area counties. 




















        
        
            update: damaging winds expected with thunderstorms to hit virginia sunday

on sunday at 11:05 a.m. the national weather service issued an updated severe thunderstorm warning in effect until 11:30 a.m. the warning is for the richmond area as well as charles city, essex, king and queen, king william, lancaster, middlesex, new kent, northumberland and westmoreland counties. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            no bs! brass band performs before coach k speaks at the richmond forum




















        
        
            tyler munsey - regional semifinals




















        
        
            matthew taylor - region finals - first period




















        
        
            matthew taylor - region finals - part 2












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            girls basketball: l.c. bird keeps foot on the gas, cruises past monacan

the halftime message was little more than a gentle but purposefully delivered reminder.




















        
        
            virginia football prioritized 2026 ol commit dylan biehl

virginia football commit dylan biehl, an offensive lineman, said cavaliers offensive line coach terry heffernan made him feel like a priority throughout the recruiting process.




















        
        
            vhsl reverses transgender athlete participation policy to align with trump's executive order

the virginia high school league (vhsl) has changed its policy regarding transgender athlete participation. 




















        
        
            former freeman coach, current deep run ad bland is powhatan's new football coach

when an opportunity presents itself, george bland is one to take advantage.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            new play honoring john mitchell jr. headed to firehouse theatre

the legacy of john mitchell jr., the “fighting editor” of the richmond planet newspaper will come to life in a new project from the firehouse theatre. 




















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









contributor








        
        
            burnett & williams's unique approach to personal injury law

contributor content. in the event of a car accident, a wrongful death, or another unexpected incident that caused bodily harm, it is crucial to have an experienced and skilled personal injury attorney on your side. the team at burnett & williams approaches each case with one fundamental truth in mind: every case is personal.












contributor








        
        
            how vedamurthy yogeshappa is using predictive analytics to improve patient outcomes

contributor content. as a health care it specialist, vedamurthy yogeshappa uses artificial intelligence (ai) to streamline patient data management, enhance clinical decision-making and solve critical industry challenges. 












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












sponsored








        
        
            vcu women’s athletics, making a generational connection at center court

content by vcu athletics. the vcu women’s basketball team will demonstrate their vitality at the senior day game on sunday, feb. 23.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            american civil war museum- historic tredegar



                                        480 tredegar st, richmond, va 23219
                                    






















        
        
            goodman allen donnelly



                                        4050 innslake drive, suite 200, glen allen, va 23060
                                    






















        
        
            class and trash



                                        1720 altamont ave, richmond, va 23230
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















other





        
        
            erickson living
























services





        
        
            thompson creek window company
























services





        
        
            thompson creek window company
























furniture decor





        
        
            ufab
























events entertainment





        
        
            the richmond ballet, richmond ballet,
























furniture decor





        
        
            ufab
























events entertainment





        
        
            virginia museum of history & culture
























furniture decor





        
        
            ufab
























other





        
        
            erickson living
























services





        
        
            thompson creek window company







































×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram









sites & partners


en forme

mechanicsville-ashland local

powhatan today

the goochland gazette

public notices

contests

join our team

get healthy




services


manage subscription

about us

contact us

advertise with us

newsletter sign up

become a carrier

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        richmond times-dispatch, 8460 times dispatch blvd. mechanicsville, va 23116
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe































