


























god's rainbow of promises


















ellen m. dubois author page on amazon.com
inspirational poetry by ellen m. dubois
ellen dubois grief poetry
i am here by ellen dubois, inspirational poetry
god's rainbow of promises by ellen m. dubois on skywriting.net
a hug from god by ellen m. dubois on anointed for christ church ministries
miscarriage poems after baby loss
short story resources
pet loss- goodbye my sweet pet on  faithwriters.com
ellen's "miss you mom" pinterest board
the angel in you by ellen m. dubois on livingeachday.com
miscarriagehelp.com, support site hosted by ellen m. dubois
article about books as a life saver during war times by ellen m. dubois on  bharatbhasha.com additionally by ellen m. dubois:
winning my battle with anxiety
fear is faith inverted
even in the movies
finding joy in christmas when everything feels wrong
to be an american
don't let your balloon pop
all my love and devotion, a true story


welcome to god's rainbow of promises!




"god promised me a rainbow. he promised one to you. a rainbow made of love, forgiveness through and through." rekindle your hope and faith! the world can be a scary, depressing place...if we let it. sometimes we need a gentle reminder that god is with us, loves us, and will guide us through the good times, and the bad. you are a beautiful creation!"- blessings to you, ellen m. dubois


1homeangelsboomerangbuttlerflyebookslovepet lossa baby's crytribute to soldiersabout


god's rainbow of promises



seeing god through my camera lens
        by ellen dubois on 11/03/18


i love to take pictures, especially of nature. if i'm out driving and i forget my camera, it's inevitable i'll see something "magical" and wish i had it. however, cell phones are a quick fix if there's something i just have to take a picture of.but, i love my nikon d5200 24.1 mp cmos digital slr camera body only (black) camera. (i put a link in there so you can check it out. there are newer models, but this is the one i have.) 

there's something about changing lenses, lining up a shot, holding my camera that i love.nature is my inspiration and to me, nature comes from god. so, i see god in everything i take a picture of. it can be a tiny insect or flower to a majestic mountain or sunset. taking pictures calms me. my focus is drawn to whatever the subject matter is. the rest of the world fades away as i try to get the best picture possible. sometimes, (especially with birds), i miss the moment. however, that's part of the challenge and i find the entire experience relaxing and quite spiritual.taking pictures can be spiritual? well, for me it is. like i said, i tend to see god in everything, so when i'm focusing on a flower, sunset, the pond in my back yard, my dog, birds, a leaf, (you get the idea), i feel closer to god and experience a deep appreciation for his, (or her), creations.i don't need to be a professional photographer to enjoy it. i'm not. most of us aren't . i simply take joy and find calm in seeing god through my camera lens.

nikon d5200 : from snapshots to great shots

 

 
thank you for reading my blog and visiting. you are appreciated!
 i'm ellen dubois, author of i never held you: miscarriage, grief, healing and recovery and jackie's heart. since 2006 i've been hosting miscarriagehelp.com, a support site for women and their families who have miscarried. 
i'm published with blue mountain arts, and am a contributing author to several books including: soul matters for teens, sisters, (a blue mountain arts gift book), conquering panic and anxiety disorders- success stories, strategies and other good news, romancing the soul, more god allows u-turns.
i'm also known as "miss ellen"- a piano teacher to students from 5 to tween and beyond. music is another passion of mine and i'm blessed to share the gift of music. i'm also a shudder bug like my mother was. i love taking pictures. have a great, inspired day.

ps: i am an affiliate which means if you decided to click on a link and purchase something, i get a small commission at no cost to you.



comments (0)     
                    





acknowledgments and a note from ellen #miscarriage #miscarriagesupport #pailrd
        by ellen dubois on 10/23/18


because it's october, miscarriage and pregnancy loss awareness month, i want to share parts of my book, i never held you, with you. it's a bittersweet month. we feel the sadness of losing our babies and the support of other across the globe. although nothing can take away the pain, whether it's new or something you've lived with for a while, knowing there are others who have lived the same helps. i believe we draw strength from each other and thank god for it.here is an excerpt from my book and it's from my heart to yours. i am so sorry for your loss and i feel your pain. love and prayers to you, ellen, host of miscarriagehelp.com and author of i never held you: miscarriage, grief, healing and recovery 
acknowledgments and a note from ellen 
a special thank you to dr. linda backman, who believed in me and this book enough to pour her heart and soul into it, often during a very busy schedule. my heartfelt thanks to anna pizzoferrato, who not only shares her expertise as a reiki master (in part two), but her painful recollection of living through not one, but five miscarriages. to marnie pehrson, published author and owner of shelovesgod.com, for opening her heart and sharing her story and faith. to mary foster, my wonderful friend and confidant, whose story of miscarriage shows the devastating impact a complete lack of support after miscarriage causes. having all suffered at least one miscarriage, we connected in a way that only women who have endured such a loss, ever could. a special thank you to my publisher, sidney, who not only believed in this book when she published it as a small ebook over five years ago, but carried her belief in i never held you's message of hope and healing, catapulting it into the book you're reading now. she understood my vision of helping women worldwide who have suffered the pain and isolation of miscarriage, and has been the springboard to the next level. 
i began this book as a way of reaching out to those who miscarried and didn't know where to turn or what to do with their feelings. why? because i was at a total loss when i miscarried and couldn't find anything that spoke directly to me and my loss. i needed something to make me say, "i feel exactly the same way. finally, someone understands and can help. i am not alone." i wanted to provide, through this book, a means of connection between us. i believe that through connection comes the beginning of healing. isolation only serves to make a person feel worse and less understood. 
my journey first led me to dr. linda backman. she is a licensed psychologist and specializes in grief counseling. what began as a collaborative writing project, soon turned into a deeper healing experience for myself. through linda's words and expertise, she showed me that life is a continual process of change, growth, and acceptance of yourself-no matter what point you're at in your life. i cannot thank linda enough, and i know her words will leave an indelible mark within you. 
as one who doesn't believe in coincidence, i know my journey 'led' me to anna and marnie, too. their stories, combined with what went on to be lives that would heal and help many, needed to be told. in finding them, i discovered something about myself, perhaps all of us. quite often, living through pain prepares us for something better down the road, although we can't see it during our experience. i didn't. i'd be willing to say the other women mentioned didn't. i've learned that within all of us lies an amazing ability to get through the adversities in life, and an ever-growing capacity to experience the joys as we heal and continue on our individual paths-wherever they may lead us. 
i speak to you as a woman who has lived what you have lived. i want you to feel like you're listening to a friend who not only knows of, but feels the pain and confusion in your heart and mind, and doesn't dismiss it. 
dr. backman speaks to you not only as a professional, offering sound words of encouragement and advice, but also as woman who has lived what you have lived. 
it is my sincerest hope that you, the woman who has miscarried, will somehow be led to this book. my wish is for the words on these pages to reach into your heart and soul, making you feel far less alone and far more understood. 
most importantly, my greatest desire is of hope and healing for you. there is life after miscarriage-a quality life-and dr. backman and i want to hold your hand and help lead you down the road to recovery. 
there is no greater step than that of the first. 
the best to you on your journey, 
ellen

 
 
welcome to miscarriagehelp.com. my name is ellen dubois, host of this site, miscarriage survivor, and author of i never held you: miscarriage, grief, healing and recovery. if you or someone you love has suffered a miscarriage, please know you're not alone. connect with people who understand.
note: some people find it difficult to post comments here because it's not very clear how to do it. just hit the "comment" link under any post. i'll get your comment and respond. if it's easier, please email me. ellen@miscarriagehelp.com 
the miscarriagehelp.com daily- paper.li- by ellen dubois. updated daily with a curated selection of articles, blog posts, videos and photos. click here. miscarriage support- because your loss matters.




comments (0)     
                    





october is pregnancy and infant loss awareness month
        by ellen dubois on 10/16/18



i never held you: miscarriage, grief, healing and recovery

 october is pregnancy and infant loss awareness month. for all of you who have experienced this, i am so sorry for your loss.years ago i sufffered a miscarriage and it was one of the most difficult times of my life. i felt like i had nowhere to turn- nobody to talk to. i felt very alone.eleven years after my loss, (i named my son alex), i wrote a book to help women not feel as alone as i did. it was a different world back then. there weren't many books dealing with the subject and the internet didn't offer much, either.i never held you is a book for any woman who has miscarried, whether it was recent or years ago. dr. linda backman, a warm, compassionate, licensed grief counselor wrote the foreword and several of the beginning chapters. she knows the heartache of losing a baby. her son adam was born at 26 weeks and lived for an hour.the love she felt for her baby never died, just like the love i felt for mine didn't. if you've lived through losing a child, sadly you know this is true.i'm sharing my book with you in the hope it helps you or someone you love who has lost a child to miscarriage, stillbirth, sids, etc. to all who are missing their babies, i am so sorry for your loss.ellen dubois, webmaster, piano teacher and author of i never held you, a book about miscarriage, grief, healing and recovery.
visit miscarriagehelp.com for support after miscarriage. helping women and their families since 2009.





comments (0)     
                    





#bereavedmothersday bereaved mothers, you are remembered
        by ellen dubois on 05/07/17


#bereavedmothersday from my heart to yours. love and god bless you, ellen
ellen dubois is the host of miscarriagehelp.com, a miscarriage survivor, and author of i never held you: miscarriage, grief, healing and recovery. if you or someone you love has suffered a miscarriage, please know you're not alone. connect with people who understand.
the miscarriagehelp.com daily- paper.li- by ellen dubois. updated daily with a curated selection of articles, blog posts, videos and photos. click here. miscarriage support- because your loss matters.




comments (0)     
                    





thanksgiving blessings
        by ellen dubois on 11/24/16


i read this quote by charles dickens and wanted to share it with you. it seems perfect on this thanksgiving day.
 reflect on your present blessings, of which every man has many; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.- charles dickens
 
 wishing you and yours many blessings and my thoughts and prayers go out to all who are hurting in any way. 
  god bless and happy thanksgiving! 
ellen 


comments (0)     
                    



main
                | older entries »
            







this site is a member of webring. 
to browse visit 
here.

   communites for jesus christ   [ join now | ring hub | random | << prev | next >> ]  






























