







tanya's comprehensive guide to feline chronic kidney disease - everything 
you need to know to help your cat




 




tanya
 
 
 
 
 


			tanya's

			comprehensive guide to

			feline chronic kidney disease


 






please note that all payments are made in us 
			dollars and


are not tax deductible since i am a private 
			individual

 




just diagnosed? click here

 







 
















         
         
  

       





this site is dedicated to my three ckd cats: 




 


 





tanya
 

thomas
 

ollie



             









           



home




site overview




          just diagnosed? start here





           




 




          what is ckd?




          what happens in ckd




          causes of ckd




          how bad is it?




          is there any hope?




          acute kidney injury

 



key issues: prolonging 
          life




          phosphorus control 




          hypertension



          (high blood pressure)




          proteinuria




          anaemia




          potassium imbalances





          pyelonephritis (kidney infections) and urinary tract infections




          metabolic acidosis




          kidney stones

 



key issues: helping your 
          cat feel better




          nausea, vomiting, appetite loss and excess stomach acid




          maintaining hydration




          the b vitamins (including methylcobalamin)




          constipation

 



cat food data 




          ways of assessing food content, including what is dry matter analysis




          how to use the food data tables




          usa canned food data




          usa dry food data




          usa cat food brands: contact details and helpfulness ratings

 




          support




          coping with ckd




          tanya's support group




          success stories

 


symptoms




          important: crashing




          alphabetical list of symptoms and treatments




          fluid and urinary  imbalances (dehydration, overhydration and 
          urinary issues)




          waste product regulation imbalances (vomiting, appetite loss, excess 
          stomach acid, gastro-intestinal problems, mouth ulcers etc.)




          phosphorus and calcium imbalances




          miscellaneous symptoms (pain, hiding etc.) 

 




          diagnosis: what do all the test results mean?





          early detection






          blood chemistry: kidney function, potassium, other tests (alt, 
          amylase, (cholesterol, etc.)




          calcium, phosphorus, parathyroid hormone (pth) and secondary 
          hyperparathyroidism




          complete blood count (cbc): red and white blood cells: anaemia and 
          infection




          urinalysis (urine tests)




          other tests: ultrasound, biopsy, x-rays etc.




          renomegaly (enlarged kidneys)




          which tests to have and frequency of testing




          factors that affect test results




          normal ranges




          international and us measuring systems

 



          treatments




          which treatments are essential




          fluid and urinary issues (fluid retention, infections, incontinence)




          waste product regulation (mouth ulcers, gi bleeding, antioxidants, 
          adsorbents, azodyl, astro's crf oil) 





          phosphorus, calcium and secondary hyperparathyroidism (calcitriol)





          phosphorus binders 




          steroids, stem cell transplants and kidney transplants




          antibiotics and painkillers 




          holistic treatments (including slippery elm bark)




          esas (aranesp, epogen etc.) for severe anaemia




          general health issues in a ckd cat: fleas, arthritis, dementia, 
          vaccinations 




          tips on medicating your cat 




          supplies: what to buy and where to find it 




          obtaining supplies cheaply in the uk, usa and canada




          working with your vet and recordkeeping

 



          diet & nutrition




nutritional requirements 
          of ckd cats




          the b vitamins (including methylcobalamin)




          what to feed (and what to avoid)




          persuading your cat to eat




          2007 food recall usa

 



fluid therapy




          oral fluids




          intravenous fluids




          subcutaneous fluids




          tips on giving subcutaneous fluids




          how to give subcutaneous fluids with a giving set




          how to give subcutaneous fluids with a syringe




          subcutaneous fluids - winning your vet's support




          dialysis

 



related diseases




          heart problems



hyperthyroidism




          diabetes




          polycystic kidney disease (pkd)




          pancreatitis




          feline infectious peritonitis (fip)




          dental problems




          anaesthesia

 



supplies at reasonable 
          prices




          what to buy and where to find it




          uk




          usa online




          usa local (fluids)




          canada

 



          saying goodbye




          the final hours




          other people's losses




          coping with your loss

 


          miscellaneous




          prevention




          feline ckd research, including participation opportunities 





          ckd research in other species




share this site: a 
          notice for your vet's bulletin board or your local pet shop






          canine kidney disease




          other illnesses (cancer, liver) and behavioural problems




          diese webseite auf deutsch

 




          siteowner (helen)




          my three ckd cats: tanya, thomas and ollie




          contact me


 
 

           

introduction



 



               




hello, and welcome to my website, though i am 
              sorry you need to be here. 
 

my name is helen, and i have had three cats 
              with ckd, tanya, thomas and ollie (their photos are above). i 
              created this website because i know first hand the shock and fear 
              of the diagnosis, and how helpless it can make you feel, and i 
              wanted to give people the detailed, practical information that would have 
              helped me the first time i received the ckd diagnosis.
 
people 
              arriving here usually fall into one of two camps. if your cat has 
              just been diagnosed with ckd,
you are probably feeling shell-shocked and frightened. 
              your cat may be in the midst of a crisis, perhaps on 
              intravenous fluids (iv, or a drip, or a flush) 
              at the vet's. if your cat has high bloodwork 
              values, you may not even have 
              been offered any treatment, but instead 
              told that there is no hope and you should just 
              put your cat to sleep. 
 

or maybe you've caught things early, but are 
              anxious to find out all you can about this disease so you can keep your cat 
              as stable as possible. alternatively, perhaps your 
              cat has had ckd for a while, but you are now realising that you 
              need to become more proactive if you want him or her to remain 
              well.  
 

whatever your situation, please take a 
              deep breath and don't give up hope, because it may
              well be possible to help
              your cat. 
 
this 
              website is extremely comprehensive, which is both a blessing and a 
              curse. on the one hand it will answer 99% of your questions about 
              kidney disease in cats, but on the other hand it may seem a bit 
              overwhelming to start with. try not to worry, just read the
              
              key issues section and dip into the other sections that 
              interest you. it will eventually start to make sense. and above 
              all, get food into your cat.
 


aims of the 
          site 


 


this site shares all the information and 
          tips i know, in great detail, in order to help your cat feel better 
          and hopefully extend his/her life. i am not a vet myself,
          just an ordinary person who has educated herself 
          about ckd in cats. 

 

if you are a 
          vet visiting this site because your client has mentioned it to you, i 
          can imagine your heart is sinking about now. it may reassure you to 
          know that  i have a 
          post-graduate diploma in companion animal behaviour so i am used to reading 
          scientific articles, and i do try to 
          cite veterinary sources to support what i say. many vets do recommend the site, including a number of vet 
          schools and veterinary specialists (see the reviews
          below).

 


i try to share the information i have using 
          layman's language. my goals are to:


describe
the symptoms that you may be seeing now or which you may 
            see in the future; 


explain what these symptoms and
            your cat's test results 
            may mean;


discuss treatments that can often help, 
            many of which are not very expensive (the most commonly used 
            treatments can usually be obtained for around us$5-10 a week in 
            total); 

cover the 
            emotional aspects of living with ckd and 
            help you to cope with it, including at the end of your ckd journey. 


the site 
          provides information on an international basis, aiming to help you 
          wherever you happen to live, although in practice much of the 
          information relates to the usa and europe since these are the areas 
          where the most information and treatments are available. 

 



what is kidney disease?


 

there are two main kinds of kidney disease:



chronic kidney disease, abbreviated as 
            ckd; and 


acute kidney injury, abbreviated as aki.


kidney disease used to be known as kidney failure, 
          and you may therefore see references in some of my links to chronic 
          renal failure (crf), or acute renal failure (arf). i used to use these 
          expressions myself, but these days the academic literature prefers the 
          less scary and more accurate expression, kidney disease, so that is 
          what i use throughout the site.
 

aki is a 
          serious condition which usually comes on suddenly and which is often 
          triggered by a particular event or "insult", such as your cat eating 
          something poisonous. lilies and antifreeze are both extremely toxic to 
          cats and may cause aki. cats with aki 
          are normally hospitalized for treatment, which usually includes 
          intravenous fluids (iv fluids, also known as a drip); depending on the 
          cause of the aki, other treatments may also be offered. aki is hard to 
          treat, but if the cat survives the initial crisis, he/she can often 
          regain much or sometimes all of his or her normal kidney function.
 
ckd may 
          also manifest itself very suddenly and require iv treatment at the 
          vet's, but in contrast to aki it is an ongoing disease in which it is 
          not possible to regain lost kidney function; so the goal is to keep 
          the remaining function for as long as possible.
 
this site 
          is primarily designed for people with a cat with the chronic form of 
          the disease (ckd), but may be of some use to those with a cat with 
          aki. please visit the
          
          acute kidney injury page for more information.
 


where to start

 


this site is 
          extremely comprehensive, as you can see from the number of links in 
          the sidebar on the left. but don't panic, you won't need to learn 
          about every single aspect.
 

most people who arrive here for 
          the first time have three overwhelming concerns:




they want to know how severe their cat's case is


they want to know how best to help their cat, and 
            quickly


in particular they want to know how to get their 
            cat to eat




i therefore recommend that you read these pages 
          first:




            how bad is it? - discusses the various stages 
            of ckd in cats.



            is there any hope?: discusses the various 
            scenarios you may face.



key issues to 
            help your cat feel better and prolong life - 
            the crucial issues to focus on in order to best help your cat. don't 
            worry, it is highly unlikely that you will need to deal with all of 
            them at once.


the main reason why ckd cats won't eat is uraemia 
            (a build up of toxins which make the cat feel poorly and 
            inappetant). please read 


            appetite loss, nausea and vomiting and
            
            persuading your cat to eat for tips on how to help your cat. 
            



these pages will get you started 
          quickly so you can hit the ground running. then, later on, you can 
          gradually get up to speed on ckd in more detail. the 

site overview - finding what you 
          need 
page provides a brief summary of the contents of 
          each page, so if you're not sure where to find 
          something, check here, or just check the sidebar on the left.
 



if your vet has recommended immediate 
          euthanasia

 
please read 
          the
          
          just diagnosed? what you need to know first page urgently. 
          unfortunately, some vets are not overly familiar with the latest 
          treatments for ckd, and may recommend euthanasia prematurely. you need 
          to educate yourself and work out how severe your cat's case is before 
          you make this irrevocable decision. 
 


oh, and do not panic if your vet says your cat has 
          lost 70% of kidney function — it's actually normal for ckd not to be 
          diagnosed until this much function has been lost. what matters is how 
          well your cat can manage with the function that is left, and a lot of 
          cats do well.
 



my three ckd cats

 


this website is named in honour 
          of tanya, who was my first ckd cat. unfortunately tanya did not 
          receive as much proactive care as thomas and ollie, because at the 
          time that she was diagnosed (1998), i did not know about the treatment 
          options described on this website (and of course many of them were not 
          available back then). i tried desperately to find information to help 
          her but i was not online, so my options were limited. once i got 
          online, i vowed that nobody else should have to go through that, so i 
          created this website. 
 

thomas, in contrast, had much 
          more severe ckd yet survived longer than tanya because he received 
          more proactive treatment. 
 

ollie was a somewhat different 
          case: he came to me a week before his sixteenth birthday with 
          relatively mild ckd but with a host of other health problems which 
          ultimately took him from me. 
 

you can read more about all of 
          them
          
          here. you can also read some
          
          success stories here, some of whom survived for years with ckd. i 
          can't promise the same success for your cat, but in most cases it's 
          certainly worth a try.
 



other urinary tract 
          problems

 


i sometimes hear from people 
          whose cats have lower urinary tract problems rather than kidney 
          problems. lower urinary tract problems are relatively common in cats, 
          but do not automatically lead to kidney problems. so please be sure 
          your cat has kidney issues before deciding this is the website to help 
          your cat, because treating for the wrong condition is at best 
          pointless and at worst dangerous. 
 

if you are not sure, ask your 
          vet if your cat has ckd or another condition that would fall into the 
          category of
          
          feline lower urinary tract disease (flutd). 

 


is chronic kidney 
          disease terminal?


 


sadly, yes, ckd is terminal. but that does not 
          necessarily mean death is imminent: it is often possible to buy the 
          cat months or even years of quality life. in fact, with appropriate 
          treatment, quite a few ckd cats not only live for a long time, they 
          eventually die of other causes, with the ckd firmly under control at 
          the time of death. 
 

an analogy used by my vet is that a ckd cat is 
          approaching the edge of a precipice: the cat may approach the 
          precipice very slowly, taking years to reach it; the cat may approach 
          quite quickly; whichever way the cat approaches the precipice, it may 
          be possible to grab the cat and pull him/her back even after he/ she 
          has started to fall over the edge, and this could be done several 
          times if you move quickly enough. 
 

the good news is there are almost certainly a few 
          things you can do to help your cat. this site is geared towards 
          slowing the progression towards the precipice, and may also be able to 
          help pull your cat back if he/she has started to fall over the edge, 
          while simultaneously trying to make the cat's remaining time more 
          comfortable. ckd cats can look very ill at 
          diagnosis, but improve dramatically with treatment, so i strongly 
          recommend trying treatments for a few weeks before considering 
          euthanasia. 

 

good luck on your ckd journey.

 


helen

 


back to top of page


 







tanya's ckd 
                support group
 
need 
                help and support? available online now,

the support group allows you to talk 
                to others fighting this disease
who 
                can offer help and support as you make your ckd journey. 
join 
                now, it's quick, easy and free (i pay the costs associated with 
                it). 
 
to 
                join, click 

here
 

                or enter your e-mail address in the box below and click 
                subscribe.
 





join 
                        tanya's feline ckd support group today







 once 
                you apply to join, you will receive an e-mail asking for your 
                name, country of residence, cat's name and age and reason for 
                joining the group - you have to respond to this before your 
                membership will be approved. 
 
you 
                can read more about the group and how it works
                here.
 

                any problems, please 


                contact the group moderators
 









 






disclosure and donations

 


disclosure

                 

i have no financial interest 
                in any products or services mentioned here, nor 
                do i accept advertisements. i also do not make any money from my 
                support group; in fact, i pay the cost of running that.
 

if you would like to thank me in some  
                way, please:



pay me the compliment of telling your vet 
                  about this site, so that other cats may benefit. you can print 
                  out a flier 
                  for your vet's bulletin board if you wish.




if you can afford it, you might also wish 
                  to make a small donation to your local branch of cats 
                  protection (uk) or your local shelter in memory of tanya, 
                  thomas and ollie. 





if you would prefer to 
                  make a donation to fund ckd research, please click 


                  here.




since so many people have asked to thank me 
					directly, i recently decided to accept financial 
                  donations. there is a donate button at the top of the page. 
                  there is no minimum donation. i know that with the cost of 
					living crisis, every dollar matters, especially when you 
					have big vet bills to pay. please note any donation you choose to make is not tax 
                  deductible since i am a private individual. 


but if funds are tight 
                  right now and you need them to pay for your cat's care, please 
					don't worry about donating to me or to anyone else, 
                  just go and hug your cat (-:







 





recommendations and awards




           

this website was launched on 24 july 2000, so i've 
			been running it for over twenty four years now! here are some of the 
          recommendations and awards i've received over that time. although i am 
          not a vet, as you can see, a number of highly respected vets and vet 
          schools recommend the site.

           

          *****

           

special 
          award


dr jim richards cornell feline health center 
          veterinary issues award



cat writers' association annual communication 
          contest 2019

          sponsored by cornell university’s feline health center

          presented to the highest quality entry on the topic of technological 
          advances, research, new medical developments, or innovations in feline 
          veterinary medicine. 



august 2020

           

          *****

           

special 
          award

          catster/belvoir marketing group lorie huston health award


cat writers' association annual communication 
          contest 2019
judged on 
          excellence of writing and technical accuracy; 
significance 
          of the topic and public education impact on feline health

august 2020


           

          *****

           

special 
          award

          catster/belvoir marketing group lorie huston health award


cat writers' association annual communication 
          contest 2018
judged on 
          excellence of writing and technical accuracy; 
significance 
          of the topic and public education impact on feline health
may 2019
 
*****
 
recommended 
          by


veterinary partner
october 2018
 
*****
 
recommended 
          by

dr ana lara
rcvs 
          recognised specialist in veterinary oncology
president of 
          the european society of veterinary oncology
june 2018
 
*****
 
certificate 
          of excellence and muse medallion winner



cat writers' association annual communication 
          contest

march 2018
 
*****
 
recommended 
          in


veterinary record
november 
          2017
 
*****
 
recommended 
          by


dr jessica quimby
researcher 
          into ckd in cats
ohio state 
          university college of veterinary medicine
march 2017
 

*****
 
featured in
          


pet health network
december 
          2016
 
*****
 
recommended 
          by


dr margie scherk
november 
          2015
 

*****
 

recommended by



dr mark e peterson
animal 
          endocrine clinic

may 2015
 
*****
 
recommended 
          by 


professor danièlle gunn-moore
professor of 
          feline medicine
university 
          of edinburgh, scotland
may 2013

 

*****


recommended by 


catwatch

the newsletter of cornell university college of 
          veterinary medicine

may 2011

 


*****
 

recommended by 

dr sarah caney


vet professionals

may 2008

 


recommended by the 


american association of feline practitioners

 


*****

 




 


recommended by the 

pet community website 

august 2008

 

*****
 

          recommended by

dr 
          katherine james, dvm, phd
urology and 
          nephrology specialist

veterinary 
          information network

march 2007

"you might 
          be interested to know that i refer veterinarians to the
information on your site quite often.
it came up 
          recently regarding one of the experimental therapies and
i just 
          linked to your site and said the folks that run that site are 
          knowledgeable and responsible
and if they 
          say it there, it's been researched and is up-to-date.
i consider 
          what you do in trying to help cat owners to be the work of "angels"."


 
*****

 




 

recommended 
          in the 

          international cat care journal
volume 43(4) 
          2005
*****


*****


the best 
          of the net award
february 
          2002.
*****


recommended 
          in the 

          international cat care journal
volume 40(3) 
          2002

 

*****

 



recommended 
          in 
your cat 
          magazine

december 2000

 


share this site: a 
          notice for your vet's bulletin board or your local pet shop
 
 

           
 

 



back to main menu

 
*****
 


website last updated: 13 february 2025
 

          *****
 
 
 


 
 

*****
 


treating your cat without veterinary advice can be 
          extremely dangerous.
 



i 
          have tried very hard to ensure that the information provided in this 
          website is accurate, but i am not a vet, just an ordinary person who 
          has lived through ckd with three cats. veterinary 
information changes 
          frequently and i make no representation, express or implied, as to the 
          accuracy, completeness or suitability of the information for your cat.
          
this website is for educational 
          purposes only, and is not intended to be used to diagnose or treat any 
          cat. before trying any of the treatments described herein, you must 
          consult a qualified veterinarian and obtain professional advice on the 
          correct regimen for your cat and his or her particular requirements; 
          and you should only use any treatments described here with the full 
          knowledge and approval of your vet. no responsibility can be accepted. 
          by continuing to visit and use this website, you 
          agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.
 



if your cat appears to be in pain or 
          distress, do not waste time on the internet, contact your vet 
          immediately. 

  

*****

 

copyright
          © tanya's feline ckd website 2000-2025. all 
          rights reserved.
 
*****
 


privacy

           

this site is run by a private 
          individual who happens to hate the loss of privacy experienced in 
          modern life. therefore the site does not contain any trackers (which follow you to 
          other sites to identify your interests so they can target 
          advertisements at you online).

           

 if you apply to join my support 
          group, i keep your response (containing your e-mail address, first 
          name, cat's name and age, country of residence and anything else you 
          choose to share with me) in case of future problems with your 
          membership.  

           

if you make a donation, i will be told 
          your e-mail address and which bank made the payment.

           

the only information i hold about you 
          otherwise is 
          anything you choose to tell me in an e-mail sent to me personally via 
          this website. i keep your e-mail 
          in an e-mail folder in case i need to refer to it in the future (e.g. 
          in case you write to me again). the e-mail folder is on my personal 
          laptop and a back up hard drive. if you do not wish me to keep your 
          e-mail, please let me know when you write to me. 

           

          *****

           


this site 
          was created using microsoft software, and therefore it is best viewed 
          in internet explorer. i know it doesn't always display too well in 
          other browsers, but i'm not an it expert so i'm afraid i don't know 
          how to change that. i would love it to display perfectly everywhere, 
          but my focus is on making the information available. i am curently 
			working on moving the website to a different platform, which should 
			work better. 

  

this site 
          may not be reproduced or reprinted, on the internet or elsewhere, 
          without the express written permission of the site owner, who can be 
          contacted via the 


contact 
me 
          page. this website is massive; i suggest you just buy the books.
 


this site is a labour of love on my part. please do 
          not steal from me by taking credit for my work.


if you wish 
          to link to this site, please feel free to do so. please make it clear 
          that this is a link and not your own work. i would appreciate being 
          informed of your link.

 




 



         
 











































