




heavengames



















about hg | contact us | advertise with us 
heavengames









menu

heavengames

daily news
forums
forum directory
contact us
forum faq

from the archives

feature articles
interviews
previews
reviews

heavengames sites

main portal
age of empires
age of empires 3
age of kings
age of mythology
age of wonders
age of wonders 2
battle for middle earth 2
caesar 3
caesar 4
children of the nile
emperor:rotmk
empire at war
empire earth
empire: total war
empires: dotmw
medieval 2: total war
napoleon: total war
pharaoh
rise & fall:caw
rise of legends
rise of nations
rome: total war
stronghold
stronghold 2
sw:galactic battlegrounds
total war: shogun 2
zeus






february 4, 2025
immortal pillars dlc: release date confirmedby yeebaagooon in age of mythology heavenage of mythology: retold – immortal pillarsrelease date: 4th march 2025an entirely redesigned chinese culture and campaign dlc will be gracing our screens next month! find out more from the official announcement. (more …)

1 comment
december 25, 2024
merry christmas by possidon in age of kings heavenmerry christmas!it’s the 25th of december which means all around the world people are waking up and celebrating christmas day. merry christmas to everyone at aokh and beyond. thank you for all the increase of activity over the last few weeks and let’s hope  (more …)

2 comments
december 1, 2024
blacksmith feature: struggle for japan (12.1.24)by possidon in age of kings heaventhe blacksmith feature returns once again!for those of you who don’t know, the blacksmith feature is a semi-regular write-up where i highlight particular files from our extensive blacksmith downloads section to bring to your attention. this may be new  (more …)

6 comments
november 28, 2024
age of empries iii: definitive edition on saleby maffia in age of empires iii heavenfor those of you that have been waiting to pick up the definitive edition following the end of multiplayer support for the original game, the definitive edition is now 65% off on steam until december 4th.the dlc’s (expansions for those that speak pre  (more …)

1 comment
november 2, 2024
future plansby possidon in age of kings heaveni won’t to have an open conversation about the state of our heaven and the plans that i have in place in order to try and maintain the site and hopefully spark a bit of new life.for starters my biggest priority is to bring back regular conversation within  (more …)

14 comments
october 29, 2024
age of empires mobile – released!by possidon in age of kings heaventhe immersive medieval war strategy mobile game from the iconic age of empires franchise is here! age of empires mobile combines the familiar elements of age of empires with strategic gameplay crafted specifically for the mobile platform to give fans of  (more …)

no comments
october 28, 2024
hocus pocus 2024: votingby yeebaagooon in age of mythology heaventhe time has come to cast your vote in our annual spooky themed screenshot competition. we are blessed with retold this year and have received three screenshots.please go to the voting thread to cast your vote before the 31st.i strongly recommend you click  (more …)

no comments
october 26, 2024
the dawn of an new eraby possidon in age of kings heaveni think it’s fair to admit that over the past few years our beloved heaven has been a bit neglected. however, all of that is soon to change.whilst i may not have looked active over the last few years i have been busy doing what i can behind the scenes.  (more …)

18 comments
october 22, 2024
arena of the gods announcementby yeebaagooon in age of mythology heavenaoe official has announced a new game mode coming to retold; arena of the gods. it will drop free on the 7th of november.this game mode was mentioned pre-release. from the details given it looks like you will lead kastor through 35 possible new missions  (more …)

1 comment
october 20, 2024
archiving of empire: total war heavenby terikel grayhair in empire: total war heavenalas, the time hath arrived for this site to slide into the dusty stacks of the various histories which it portrays.the site will remain open for viewing and perusing, though new posts nor the editing of previous posts will be available. contact  (more …)

no comments

more news

 






		copyright © 1997-2025 heavengames, llc. all rights reserved.
		please read our disclaimer & privacy statements.
		














