















home | clarkson university










      skip to main content
    





toggle menu





academics & research
toggle submenu


find your program


schools, institutes & centers


research


graduate education


professional development


honors program


global & immersion experiences


university libraries




admissions & financial aid
toggle submenu


undergraduate admissions & aid


graduate admissions & aid


transfer admissions & aid


international admissions & aid


the clarkson school: early college program


student achievement services




student life
toggle submenu


clubs & activities


housing & dining


health & wellness


the surrounding region


student support and services


graduate student life


clarkson ignite


dean of students


office of information technology


resources for parents and families


annual university events


student health and counseling services




athletics
toggle submenu


game schedules


purchase hockey tickets


intramural sports




about
toggle submenu


accreditation


clarkson at a glance


history


university leadership


departments and organizations


diversity, equity and inclusion


the clarkson brand


visit clarkson


news & events






toggle search


search
submit

resources for

prospective students
current students
parents & families
employers & partners
alumni




information for



alumni


current students


parents & families


employers & partners








request info


visit


apply


give






toggle search


search
submit

resources for

prospective students
current students
parents & families
employers & partners
alumni






















pause background video




ignite your purpose


watch more!
































herstory in the making
clarkson university proudly announces that the board of trustees have named dr. michelle b. larson as the 19th president, marking a historic moment as the first woman to lead this distinguished university in its 128-year history. 


read more about dr. larson's appointment








a place like no other
    

we’re a tight-knight community located near the adirondack park and its scenic mountains, waterways, and olympics recreation. our unique setting inspires us, the size of our community propels us—serving as a catalyst to meet the needs of our students by tailoring our approach to each individual.

getting to know us starts here






main campus


clarkson's main campus, located in the quintessential college town of potsdam, new york, is nestled on 640 wooded and waterfront acres.

explore main campus 





accepted students events


congratulations - you're a golden knight! now, experience life as a clarkson student during our accepted student events. there are several options for you and your family to choose from - plan your visit now and register.

explore accepted students events 





spring career fair 


the first career fair of 2025 was held on february 5. organized by the kevin '81 & annie parker career center, the twice-a-year event lets students meet more than 150 employers on campus. more than 40 percent of our students accepting full time employment were first introduced to their employer at a career fair. check out the photo gallery from the event.

explore spring career fair  









finding solutions for a better future
we are a community of researchers, scholars, and students from a variety of disciplines. together, we discover innovative solutions to today’s greatest challenges.

academics and research


research focus areas








defanging fire-fighting foam
pfas, widely recognized for their environmental persistence and adverse health impacts, present a significant challenge for remediation. aqueous film-forming foam (afff) stockpiles are one of the major culprits responsible for water and soil contamination by pfas. clarkson researchers think they found a solution. 
delve into the researchers' work






a better way to fight algal blooms
a research team at clarkson university recently published a study about a plant based alternative to traditional chemical methods of combating harmful algal blooms (habs). the study, published by clarkson university chemical engineering graduate students temitope orimolade and ngoc-tram le, along with undergraduate student lyle trimble, has been featured on the cover of the peer-reviewed journal, soft matter.
learn more about this solution






looking for a high roi? look no further.  
clarkson university ranked in the top-40 of the wall street journal's best salaries list in 2024. our salary impact score, which measure the extent to which a college boosts its graduates' salaries beyond what they would expected to earn regardless of which college they attend, was particularly high at 96 percent.  
learn more about clarkson's wsj rankings






our value ranks among the nation's best
clarkson university is ranked in the top 50 best value schools in the nation according to u.s. news & world report, solidifying its standing as a premier institution for undergraduate education. clarkson also remains in the top tier of national institutions in "best colleges" in the u.s. news and one of the country's leading private universities.
find out what makes clarkson such a great value





1 / 5









return on education





99% university placement rate - class of 2023 within 6 months of graduation in their chosen field



99%
university placement rate - class of 2023 within 6 months of graduation in their chosen field


visit our award winning career center




$82,900 average early career salary (0-5 years) for clarkson graduates&nbsp;



$82,900
average early career salary (0-5 years) for clarkson graduates 


check out our incredible salary statistics at payscale's website




top 25 best career services, according to the princeton review's best value colleges for 2023



top 25
best career services, according to the princeton review's best value colleges for 2023


read princeton review's best value colleges for 2023 report










clarkson spotlights





women in engineering at full speed


"i'm part of clarkson formula knights and i'm the aerodynamic subteam lead, which means i design the aerodynamic package of the car. when i first starting driving the car, i thought i was going to be terrified...but once you're in the car and in the zone, it's just really freeing. and driving at competition, you get all those excitements and the adrenaline rush. and it's a really, really great experience that i don't think i would have anywhere else."
          kate kerwood '25, bs in aerospace engineering
                    

learn more about our speed teams




watch kate's video




stem means business


"as a business analytics major, i am proud to say this journey could not be more rewarding. leveraging stem in a program that allows me to develop an understanding in information systems, creating strategic pathways, and learning to present and communicate effectively with my colleagues gives me confidence for my future. i wouldn't change it for the world!"
          lauryn "milly" wilson '25, bs in business analytics
                    

learn more about our business analytics major




learn more about how stem means business at clarkson




transfer to success 


“i wanted to arrive as a junior and dive headfirst into all the outstanding things each class and clarkson has to offer. the transfer process was easy, and many of my previous credits counted toward my progress at clarkson.”
          jacob hatch ’24, bs in software engineering 
                    

transfer to clarkson  




bs in software engineering




technology serving humanity


“to me, being in a stem field means to serve humanity and make sure my work is for the benefit of people or our world. our education opens doors for us in so many industries and areas where we can really make a difference.”
           kimberly gomez ’25, bs in mechanical engineering
                    

learn more about stem as a team sport 




about the wallace h. coulter school of engineering and applied sciences












take the next step





apply


request info 


visit



















university libraries


news & events


academic calendar


human resources


sustainability


book store


diversity, equity & inclusion


intranet


organizational chart








potsdam campus  8 clarkson ave • potsdam, ny 13699  phone: 315-268-6400


capital region campus  40 british american boulevard • latham, ny 12110  phone: 518-631-9831



contact us







© copyright 2024 clarkson universitycares act report & consumer information disclosure (heoa)act on legal & moral concernsweb accessibility assistance





facebook





twitter





instagram





youtube














