


explore lpr luxury - the agency in luxury punta mita real estate and vacation rentals in puerto vallarta mexico














































 





ultra cool staff picks
            one&only mandarina 12
one&only resort, mandaria, riviera nayarit, mexico
5 bedrooms / sleeps 10
sale price: by request
the one&only mandarina offers an unrivaled retreat immersed in an awe-inspiring natural setting of lush, tropical rainforest and pristine, swimmable ocean shores.
described by condé nast traveler as “the type of place where every last detail of a visit is taken care of,” one&only mandarina offers dramatic, cliff-side views, palm-fringed beaches and the world-renowned amenities and services of one&only.
 
click here for a full tour of the villa





ultra cool staff pick
            villa ranchos 9
ranchos estates, punta mita resort, mexico
5 bedrooms / sleeps 12 / from $5,500 usd per day
sale price:$12,500,000 us
villa ranchos 9 is of the most stylish and modern punta mita rentals at ranchos beach punta mita mexico. these are the luxury vacation rental villas in which one dreams to disappear like an infinity pool over tropical sand and sea.
click here for a full tour of the villa





ultraluxury staff picks
      exquisitely private el banco beach all to yourself
 villa el banco 6 is san miguel de allende by the sea. equisitely private, artful,   and harmoniuos, designed and equipped for an ideal luxury vacation  in nature. it is fun, family friendly, luxury punta de mita vacation rental bliss on the finest beach just south of the punta mita resort. 
explore the pristine coastline, go surfing, play tennis on grass, amazingly friendly and experienced staff with world class service and dining. tennis, gym, sauna, home theater, flat screens and wi-fi in every room, fluffy white pillows and towells. ...you may never want to leave.
click here for a full tour of the villa





ultra cool staff picks
       villa kupuri 6
kupuri estates, punta mita resort, mexico
7 bedrooms / sleeps 18 / from $8,000 usd per day
set above a white sand snorkeling beach with a dramatic view of the riviera nayarit pacific coastline, villa kupuri 6 is perhaps the vacation boldest ultra luxe, modern, fun, bachelor / family, entertainment home in punta mita. also, it boasts the largest swimming pool of any single family home in the punta mita resort.       
click here for a full tour of the villa





ultra cool staff picks
       villa ranchos 2
ranchos estates, punta mita resort, mexico
12 bedrooms / sleeps 27 / from $11,500 usd per day
the newest ultra luxury estate on ranchos beach is a dream. modern, whimsical, elegant and timeless pacific mexico, villa ranchos 2 is a masterpiece by the creative maestros mestre/collignon whose rich aesthetic style has set the bar high along the coastline.
hosting 27 guests, villa ranchos 2 was designed for epic family vacations and the ultimate in world class tropical holiday accommodations anywhere in the world.       
click here for a full tour of the villa





ultra cool staff picks
       villa ranchos 5
punta mita resort, mexico

10 bedrooms / sleeps 30 / from $18,000 usd
raising the bar at the punta mita resort, villa ranchos 5 is uniquely grand in scale and surprises like a volleyball pool and “gaming casita” with an underground bowling alley, bar and golf simulator lounge, home theatre, private spa fit for a queen, home gym and a zen garden yoga room.
located on the sandy beachfront of the prestigious punta mita resort community called ranchos estates, villa ranchos 5 is a complete destination for a large family reunions, golf trips or corporate retreats.

click here for a full tour of the villa


 
  


ultra cool staff picks
       villa punta mita 1
punta mita resort, mexico
7 bedrooms / sleeps 18 / from $8,500 usd per day

an iconic beach to yourself.

your own butler.

chef jose manuel and his special kitchen & wine cellars and coolers & pizza oven.

an epic year round sunset view from a massive pool or jacuzzi.

the movie theater & disco bar, gym, spa with steam, in-house salon and yoga/cardio room.       

click here for a full tour of the villa






ultra cool


ultra private


ultra luxury






ultra cool staff picks
		        villa ranchos 1 

ranchos estates, punta mita resort, riviera nayarit
8 bedrooms / sleeps 16 / from $10,500/night
sale price: by request
this exotic vacation villa is sited on two acres of punta mita's finest beachfront and features unmatched amenities and impeccable construction. villa ranchos 1 is like stepping onto a five star resort. this exotic and cultured luxury vacation villa sits on two acres of punta mita's finest beachfront.

click here for a full tour of the villa






ultra cool staff picks
		        villa la punta 4 
la punta  estates, punta mita resort, riviera nayarit
7 bedrooms  / sleeps 20 / from $7,000 usd 
villa la punta 4 is an extraordinary ultra luxury seven bedroom estate close to the st. regis resort and popular surf breaks.  designed for large family vacations, enjoy a uniquely large oceanfront pool / patio / lounge / dining / bar palapa area that is perfect for entertaining and easy to make small child safe. 
click here to see a full description of the property





ultra luxury private residence in punta mita, mexico
ranchos estates, punta mita resort, riviera nayarit
8 bedrooms / 11 bathrooms / sleeps 16 / from $12,000 usd
this exotic luxury punta mita vacation property is two acres of punta mita’s finest beachfront, ranchos estates, home to some of the finest villas in mexico. the one-of-a-kind beach villa boasts  8 bedrooms, including two          opulent master suites, plus staff quarters, all spread across a main residence and guest house. 
click here to see a full description of the property



#secret nayarit mexico






visit our office on the beach in punta de mita, mexico




explore the puerto vallarta area
costa 
    nayarit - punta mita - bucerias/la cruz - nuevo vallarta - 
marina vallarta - central - conchas 
    chinas - mismaloya - costa alegre



under $1 million 
$1 - 3 million 
$3 - 5 million 
over $5 million 
visit our office
in punta de mita

              from mexico
01-329-291-6800







feature luxury experience
four seasons private villas - punta mita resort 
your four seasons private villa offers unlimited access to the four season's spa/gym, beauty salon, entertaining activities, kids for all seasons, plus restaurants and 24-hour room service. enjoy year round sunsets on the hillside overlooking the pacific ocean.




#puntamita

#puertovallarta

#careyes

#sayulita






ultra cool staff picks
      villa lagos del mar 19


lagos del mar, punta mita resort, mexico



6 bedrooms / sleeps 16 / from $4,500 usd/night
this striking new villa at the quiet corner of lagos del mar is the reason people love building homes in mexico. with a bold and artful use of wood, stone, glass and a subtle and sophisticated color palette, villa lagos del mar 19 is the coolest house in the neighborhood.

click here for a full tour of the villa
























punta de mita - bucerias/la cruz - nuevo vallarta - marina vallarta - central - conchas 
          chinas - mismaloya - costa alegre - careyes






search the lpr luxury network







lapuntarealty.com




 
 





under $1 million

$1 - 3 million

$3 - 5 million

over $5 million



#ultralux

#ultraprivate

#ultracool

explore

the punta mita 
            master plan
toll free from
usa/canada
888 978 4850
fax: 
    424 278 9380
from mexico
01 329 291 6800
visit us
in punta de mita


24/7



#featured

#bestdeals

#beachfront





punta mita resort map


resort subdivisions
four seasons private villas
ranchos estates
bahia estates
kupuri estates
iyari estates & villas
la punta estates
pacifico estates
lagos del mar
las marietas residences
las palmas villas
hacienda de mita
el encanto
porta fortuna
las vistas
reserva
la serenata
las terrazas
four seasons punta mita
st. regis punta mita

map of all punta de mita

 luxury communities
one&only private homes
auberge residences
 el banco estates
punta vista signature residences
      paradise coves
 pontoquito
 punta del burro
 el farallon
 los veneros
 real del mar
aura arena blanca
 punta sayulita
punta esmeralda
 punta sayulita
w hotel punta de mita
naya


explore puerto vallarta


explore north to south
costa nayarit
costa canuva
san pancho
sayulita
punta de mita
la cruz
bucerias
nuevo vallarta
marina vallarta
puerto vallarta centro
conchas chinas
south shore vallarta
mismaloya
xeneques
costa alegre
costa careyes






copyright 2001-2020





