



free website builder create a website with bluevoda






















  
  










start building your own website immediately
click below to download the latest version of our award winning bluevoda website builder, and get your website online today!
(click here)












no html web design knowledge required (very easy use - drag & drop)
pre - designed website templates included (create unlimited web pages)
"one click publishing" go live on the internet in seconds!
create an unlimited number of websites (no restrictions)
let your imagination run wild!


 in our image library where you will be able to download hundreds of free logos, templates, webpage backgrounds and website headers. you will also have access to dozens of video tutorials that will cover every aspect of building and publishing a fantastic website! 

    with bluevoda you can create everything from a simple homepage to a beautiful multi-page website. if you ever get stuck or need any help our support team is just a mouse click away. have fun! 

    bluevoda is a fully functional website builder and is 100% completely clean. there is
    no spyware or adware inside of it. with bluevoda you will be able build a fantastic website just like this one. a vodahost web hosting account is required in order for you to publish.
 
really impressed... thanks bluevoda!
i just started to use this website builder to create my first website. i haven't encountered any problems so far. their step by step tutorials are really easy to understand in order to create website. their forum is a great place for helpful hints, tips and updates. but i honestly found the best thing was the fact that i could communicate so well with their support team. i just sent an email to them with my specific issue and i was pleasantly surprised with their fast and quite efficient responses.

a friend suggested i use this website builder to design and create website and i just wanted to say that i am really impressed with it.

kudos and thanks for being so hands on...
margo88, 12-mar 10:32:20 pm



 
remarkable stuff this website builder
bluevoda is a super-advanced website builder that anyone can use to create website in minutes. the wysiwyg website maker makes it easy to do the basics but this website builder goes on to let you use various plug-ins, scripts, streaming media, flash, forms and lots more.

    in a comprehensive comparison it beats out the competition (programs like: cabanova, angelfire or freewebs). of course, the price (free!) is right too! bluevoda website builder is, hands down, the best way to build a website.
ep_guy, 18-jan 10:53:46 am 



 
absolutely love bluevoda software; great website building experience
i have been using this website builder and their hosting services for the past 4 years for my business websites and personal sites. i am happy with the services that i have gotten with them over the years and will continue with them.

their hosting prices are good and their features better than many competitors.  it actually saves you the trouble of looking for one endlessly. everything is very straight forward and there are no sneaky new prices being charged out of nowhere.

anyway once again i am using this website builder to create website for a new venture.

overall a great experience, recommend it for sure.
mailman9, 16-jan 01:01:15 pm 



 
recommend bluevoda without a doubt
recommended without a doubt - great web hosting prices and amazing features with this website builder to create website! thanks
dmdlink, 16-jan 08:32:13 am 



 
the bluevoda website builder is well worth using!
i think it's well worth using this website builder. i have tried out a few on the market and it has always led to plain irritation. bluevoda is always upgrading their website builder with new additions and keeping you informed on the newest seo updates to improve your site's rankings - love it!! - plus the support is always there to help in any way to create website. seems like wysiwyg hits the spot in this case.

i am totally satisfied with the whole package. looking to open another account now - very pleased.
baby boomer 1947, 12-jan 08:46:00 am 



 
so glad i found this website builder
i am so glad i found this website builder before i hired a web designer. i used their superb templates to create website and it looks really professional. it doesn't look generic at all. i was able to customize my web pages for seo specifics. and the drag and drop tool made it so much easier as i have no clue about html stuff.

no one will know the difference if you create website with this website builder as opposed to hiring a professional. it’s for free too! well, actually you are using vodahost which is the same company but it is very convenient to do so anyway. i’ve had compliments about the design and most importantly my business has increased.
webstar21, 09-jan 01:03:55 am 



 
creating a website with bluevoda is a breeze!
hi, my name is tamara. i downloaded this website builder from a recommendation of a friend. i needed extra cash as i am a full time student. in my spare time i design my own jewelry and sell them on campus. about a few months ago a professor suggested that i should create website and sell them online to make more money.

at first i was going to ask a friend to create website for me but he told me to do it myself and to use bluevoda. i'm so happy that he recommended this website builder to me as it was a breeze to create website. the site looks great, really happy with it. selling quite a lot and the merchant accounts and shopping carts available are a big plus! anyway love that you can convert your hobby and creativity into some well earned cash!!
mlevy, 08-jan 02:09:32 pm 



 
bluevoda is the beginner's website builder
this website builder is amazing for any beginner. i started designing websites for my friends and that escalated to friends of friends etc. now i am making more than 5 websites a week for people. i really enjoy it. i would never have thought i would have the time to create website let alone 5 in one week. i would not have been able to do it without bluevoda. this website builder makes everything so easy and i can create website in like half an hour. and have it published. everything is done for you, no technical knowledge required. you can create as many websites as you like and each one still is unique.

there is no stopping me now - thinking of getting a reseller account with them too! then i can offer web design and web hosting services!
dimitri81, 06-jan 09:56:13 am 



 
"easy to use" is an understatement!!!!!
my own brother tried to charge me heavily to build my website so i decided to look into more affordable options. i came across bluevoda's website builder and went straight to work. before any new negotiations with my brother opened, i had already built a very good looking first page on my own. as it happened, i built my website in just a few days and never needed to ask him for help. i've even included some videos and flash features in my site that really impressed my brother. once he had a look at the software, he found more capabilities that started him on this big comparison between bluevoda and other website builders. guess who came out on top?
bgoodmac, 05-jan 04:32:10 pm 



 
first rate website builder.
i'm a pretty seasoned website builder and very familiar too with most of the wysiwyg-type of software available. ultimately, i recommend the bluevoda website builder. the others just do not have the functionality or the ease-of-use that bluevoda does. there ... that should make a complicated decision simple :)
sameer.gujar, 01-jan 10:55:31 pm 



 
this free website builder gets two thumbs up!
love that it’s free! it was really easy to download this website builder - just needed to submit my email and that was it. after using this software to create my website i don't think i could go back to the other ones i've used. just really nice, quick and simple. i started off with just 1 website, but i just got hooked on it and created another 3 sites with this website builder. hosting with them has been smooth sailing too. my websites have not experienced any down time at all with them.

they offer great products and services.  two thumbs up!!
racefan20n11, 31-dec 01:49:52 am 



 
bluevoda rocks!
bluevoda is waaaay better than frontpage. it's so easy to work with and the tutorials being at hand make all the difference. it's completely believable that you could create website in hours.
shasta4u, 20-dec 07:21:36 am 



 
bluevoda's the ideal way to create website
thought i would try to create website with this website builder just for fun because it was free. wow, i was so impressed with it; i decided to start a business to create websites as a career. bluevoda is ideal for anyone really!
bigbum2, 15-dec 04:15:35 am 



 
super tutorials!
i didn't download bluevoda right away, just the tutorials. they were so easy to follow that i knew i would be able to 
	create website this software no problem. once i had installed the website builder, i got started and didn't stop until i had almost completely finished my website. that was a mind blower. from not being sure to having a finished product before me was truly astonishing.
jason_kennedy, 20-nov-2005 06:25:23 am 







suite 808, 1220 north market street  wilmington, delaware 19801 u.s.a. 1-302-283-3777 privacy policy rss youtube
 















