












buffalo philharmonic orchestra



































































 









































                close 





tickets & events

view all events
subscribe and save!
student tickets
group tickets
seating charts
box office information
program book
gift cards


your visit

why attend the bpo?
first timer’s guide
learn before you listen
directions, parking & shuttles
dining
hotel accommodations
accessibility
performance policies
mobile ticketing
ticket resellers


about

bpo mission & history
kleinhans music hall
meet the orchestra
administrative staff
board of trustees
employment and auditions
volunteer
news
archives
990s and audits


support

annual fund
endowment
planned giving
corporate, foundation & government support
special donor events
donor lists


education

elementary programming
middle & high school programming
college programming
celebration of music education
23-24 education final report


building community

our idea commitment
our idea goals
our idea actions
bpo diversity council
bpo diversity council idea award
buffalo united community choir


watch & listen

purchase recordings
bpo musician profiles
bpo out of the box
bpo youtube channel





 









© 2018 buffalo philharmonic orchestra. all rights reserved. terms of service | privacy policy
website designs and developed by the areli group























                        sign up 






























 




menumenutickets & events

view all eventssubscribe and save!student ticketsgroup ticketsseating chartsbox office informationprogram bookgift cards
your visit

why attend the bpo?first timer’s guidelearn before you listendirections, parking & shuttlesdininghotel accommodationsaccessibilityperformance policiesmobile ticketingticket resellers
about

bpo mission & historykleinhans music hallmeet the orchestraadministrative staffboard of trusteesemployment and auditionsvolunteernewsarchives990s and audits
support

annual fundendowmentplanned givingcorporate, foundation & government supportspecial donor eventsdonor lists
education

elementary programmingmiddle & high school programmingcollege programmingcelebration of music education23-24 education final report
building community

our idea commitmentour idea goalsour idea actionsbpo diversity councilbpo diversity council idea awardbuffalo united community choir
watch & listen

purchase recordingsbpo musician profilesbpo out of the boxbpo youtube channel
 


menu




donate











home
 








 
2024-25 pops series
sinatra in love






kleinhans music hall









february 15, 2025  at 7:30pm 




tony desare brings a fresh take on sinatra's classics this valentine's weekend, from "night and day" to "come fly with me," culminating with saturday’s annual post-concert sweetheart dance, included with your ticket.


 view details

 


 
2024-25 classics series
tchaikovsky festival: pathétique






kleinhans music hall









february 21, 2025  at 10:30am 




the tchaikovsky festival culminates with the emotional depth of the sleeping beauty suite, the virtuosity of variations on a rococo theme, and the poignant symphony no. 6, “pathétique”. this final weekend offers a profound reflection on tchaikovsky’s legacy, marked by the beauty and tragedy of his final symphony. 


 view details

 


 
2024-25 classics series
tchaikovsky festival: pathétique






kleinhans music hall









february 22, 2025  at 7:30pm 




the tchaikovsky festival culminates with the emotional depth of the sleeping beauty suite, the virtuosity of variations on a rococo theme, and the poignant symphony no. 6, “pathétique”. this final weekend offers a profound reflection on tchaikovsky’s legacy, marked by the beauty and tragedy of his final symphony. 


 view details

 


 
2024-25 classics series
la traviata






kleinhans music hall









march 1, 2025  at 7:30pm 




experience the scandalous allure of paris in verdi’s la traviata, brought to life in a semi-staged collaboration with suny fredonia's hillman opera program. this tale of fortune, fate, and forgiveness remains as captivating today as it was in the 19th century, promising a night of operatic splendor. 


 view details

 


 
2024-25 classics series
la traviata






kleinhans music hall









march 2, 2025  at 2:30pm 




experience the scandalous allure of paris in verdi’s la traviata, brought to life in a semi-staged collaboration with suny fredonia's hillman opera program. this tale of fortune, fate, and forgiveness remains as captivating today as it was in the 19th century, promising a night of operatic splendor. 


 view details

 
 



 previous event







 next event



 
 
 














join us for our 2025-26 season and be uplifted by the music that lives within each of us.


subscribe today


beyond the stage










announcing our 2025-26 concert season
explore our upcoming 2025-26 season –
read the full press release here!










subscribe and save!

choose 3 or more of your favorite concerts this season and save 15%!










bpo names ron spigelman principal pops conductor
conductor ron spigelman will lead the bpo pops series beginning this fall.











our 2023-2024 report to the community is here!




celebrating 25 years with the bpo, joann falletta’s leadership has been truly transformative. our 2023-2024 season showcased her deep connection with our community and her pivotal role in elevating the orchestra to international acclaim. click the button below to read more!


read more
  

 
 
 
 
 



bpo administrative office 786 delaware ave
buffalo, ny 14209
(716) 885-0331

kleinhans music hall 3 symphony circle
buffalo, ny 14201
box office
(716) 885-5000
boxoffice@bpo.org

stay in touch contact us






















 



© 2018 buffalo philharmonic orchestra. all rights reserved. terms of service | privacy policy
website designs and developed by the areli group


 
 
 
 
 




























 