

morningstar investor education - igrad | enrich















explaining complex financial concepts to worried investors doesn't have to be hard.find out why all of these great companies have chosen us as their solutionelevate investor education & boost engagement empower your clients with engaging, data-driven financial presentations and charts. we offer industry-tested financial concepts backed by morningstar data, available in various convenient formats to help you attract, build, and nurture deeper relationships with your clients. 
but you have a trump card ...

… and it isn’t just some intangible concept on the world wide web. it’s something you can touch and hold, and if you listen very closely, you can hear it softly whispering the names of people you have yet to meet.our financial charts, graphics, and finra-reviewed presentation materials are branded and backed by morningstar data. financial services providers, broker-dealers, and advisors use the educated investor to:         increase aum and client referrals        enhance client retention and satisfaction        boost engagement with finra-reviewed content        differentiate their practice in a crowded market finra-reviewed financial presentationsthese timely presentations for today's high-interest rate environment and unpredictable markets make preparing for seminars and client or corporate meetings easy. incorporate licensed images into derivative materials, such as brochures, flyers, emails, and websites. select from 18 topical presentations that include:investing in a high-interest rate environmentportfolio of diversification and performancedownturns & recoveriesrisk & volatilityinvesting for retirement, and much more!all presentations are finra-reviewed for public use, including full speaking notes and data sourcing. static and interactive presentations available
see how nancy uses her artifact to keep the flowers growing!

	 ready to get started?thousands of potential clients are untapped and unengaged. let us help you attract and
cultivate them, contact us to learn more.
the “now you’re marketing with (incredibly dangerous) power” course:
a 5-day guide to controlling what cannot be controlled

	 
no matter how hard i try, no matter how much might i muster, i cannot exhaust the spire of unending flame.

	 

well, yeah. it’s unending.
q
frequently asked questionsjonathan smithfounder/managing partner,
smith partners wealth
management “the andex chart is an ideal
starting point for client
meetings, helping me clearly
convey various investment
concepts while engaging my
clients in their own investment
decisions.”first lastfinancial service provider a picture says 1,000 words. morningstar’s image library is a key tool to help convey complex concepts to clients in a simple and effective form. 
day 1

setting up your brand new relic of imbued evil
day 2

hushing the murmurs that do not cease
day 3

integrating with marketo
day 4

productivity tips for you and your new pet
day 5

email marketing! and the endless void that awaits
q
q
a
a
a
my accursed artifact is emitting an incessant, loud hymming, as if a plague of locusts was approaching.

	 

this means the marketo integration was successful.

are there any risks to using an object that is saturated with several millennia's worth of sorrows for marketing purposes?

		 


not really! accursed artifacts are a sound investment that will reliably increase both the number of leads and their quality. there are some minor issues — for example, temporary or permanent separation of the soul and body — but these can be corrected by installing a custom firmware.what industry experts are saying about our investor education solutionsbuild confidence with trusted investor education solutions learn moreprovide information from a trusted source to enhance a marketing program by licensing reputable and objective morningstar financial fitness content. the enrich platform iis our solution to generating more educated investors. © 2024 igrad, llc. all rights reserved. all product and company names are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them.investors face a complex mix of opportunities and challenges in today's evolving economic landscape. with easing monetary policy and reduced inflation, the market dynamics are shifting. financial service providers use our finra-reviewed financial presentations and charts to educate clients on market downturns, recoveries, and the concept of long-term vision and planning, giving them the confidence to stay invested in stable or turbulent markets.professionally designed static and interactive financial charts & presentations enterprise licensing includes:ability to tailor charts to match your brand and messaging, including co-branding and re-branding.choose from print or electronic formats to reach your audience where they are.access to the entire library of over 200 images and 18 finra-reviewed presentations.the ability to focus on the metrics that matter, hiding elements you don't need.interactive data, customized and updated in real-time.customizing outlooks with different portfolio mixes and rebasing to time periods.the option to save and send images and snapshots of portfolio performance.morningstar financial presentations & graphics the u.s. morningstar andex chart provides a historical perspective of market downturns and recoveries.the morningstar andex chart is a helpful tool that can educate clients on market downturns, recoveries, and long-term vision and planning, giving them the confidence to stay invested in stable or turbulent markets. it provides clients with an overview of how the markets and the economy have performed over the last 97 years. the overriding theme explains how markets rise and fall over time, caused by different factors that affect returns. this chart illustrates how geopolitical tensions, inflation, and rising interest rates are economic pressures that will subside at some point, and things will return to normal, causing an upward pull in the economy. data is from january 2023 to december 2023.available in print or digital formats. enterprise licensing is available to co-brand handouts and wall charts.flexible distribution offerings. order more. save more. u.s. morningstar® andex® chart learn more about how the enrich platform can help you attract, build, and cultivate
deeper relationships with your clients. brokers, advisors, individual investors, and industry leaders recognize morningstar and igrad's educated investor as an independent and objective source of investment information and investor education. schedule demolearn moreorder yours nowschedule your demoschedule demoexplaining complex financial concepts to worried investors doesn't have to be hard.investors face a complex mix of opportunities and challenges in today's evolving economic landscape. with easing monetary policy and reduced inflation, the market dynamics are shifting.financial service providers use our finra-compliant financial presentations and charts to educate clients on market downturns, recoveries, and the concept of long-term vision and planning, giving them the confidence to stay invested in stable or turbulent markets.enhance your marketing program our financial charts, graphics, and finra-reviewed presentation materials are branded and backed by morningstar data. financial services providers, broker-dealers, and advisors use the educated investor to: increase aum and client referralsenhance client retention and satisfactionboost engagement with finra-reviewed contentdifferentiate their practice in a crowded market brokers, advisors, individual investors, and industry leaders recognize morningstar and the financial fitness group as an independent and objective source of investment information and investor education. what’s included?professionally designed charts and presentations backed by morningstar’s data and research. extensive co-branding and re-branding options. flexible licensing available— choose from print or electronic formats to reach your audience where they are.us and canadian data availableorder yours nowlearn moreu.s. andex® chart morningstar financial presentations & graphics a historical perspective of marketdownturns and recoveriesexplaining complex financial concepts to clients and prospects can be challenging, even for experienced professionals. the right communication tools can go a long way in helping to spark meaningful discussions and client interactions. available in print or digital formats. enterprise licensing is available to co-brand handouts and wall charts. flexible distribution offerings. order more. save more. these timely graphics and presentations for today's high-interest rate environment and unpredictable markets make preparing for seminars and client or corporate meetings easy. incorporate licensed images into derivative materials, such as brochures, flyers, emails, and websites. select from 18 topical presentations that include:investing in a high-interest rate environmentportfolio of diversification and performancedownturns & recoveriesrisk & volatilityinvesting for retirement, and much more!all presentations are finra-reviewed for use with the public and include full speaking notes and data sourcing. choose single presentation or access the entire library of over 200 graphics via a global permission license. schedule demobuild confidence with trusted investor education solutions contact usinterested in learning more?the enrich financial wellness platform is our solution to generating more educated investors. users of this powerful e-learning solution consistently demonstrate significant improvement in their financial knowledge, attitudes, and behaviors, leading to more confident and engaged investors.users of this powerful e-learning solution consistently demonstrate significant improvement in their financial knowledge.individual advisors   purchase your pre-printed wall chart hereenterprise licensingfor large enterprise licensing options submit a formibbotson® sbbi®contact usindividual advisors can buy a digital license to share via email or teleconference with clientsbuy digital licensefor enterprise licensing options, please submit a form.view online storefor individual advisor licensing options, visit our online store.ibbotson® sbbibuy digital licensecontact usbrowse collectionfor enterprise licensing schedule a demoindividual advisors visit our online storeinterested in the canadian andex® chart? for enterprise licensing, submit a form. for individual advisor options, please click here.*please note, we do not sell pre-printed posters of the ibbotson sbbi. we only offer printing options through an enterprise license.individual advisor licensingenterprise licensingcontact usenterprise licensingindividual advisor licensingreviewed by finra. sec ia rule and ada compliant!the ibbotson® sbbi has been updated through 12/31/2023 to reflect the current marketthe sbbi (stocks, bonds, bills, and inflation) is a premium image available through our financial resources library. key highlights include:history of major asset classes since 1926 key historic events provide context for asset class movement also known as "growth of $1" demonstrates the importance of staying invested. andex handout (booklet) print-ready pdf filethe ibbotson sbbi reflects a 97-year examination of past capital market returns and provides historical insight into the performance characteristics of various asset classes. this graph illustrates the hypothetical growth of inflation and a $1 investment in four traditional asset classes from january 1, 1926, through december 31, 2023. the sbbi (stocks, bonds, bills, and inflation) is a premium image available through our financial communications library. key highlights include:history of major asset classes since 1926 key historical events provide context for asset class movement. also known as "growth of $1." demonstrates the importance of staying invested. the u.s. morningstar® andex® handout is a 4-page booklet. it includes a cover page that folds open to an 11x19 size andex chart and a backside financial graphic of the past 30 years. the purchase of one print license allows each advisor to print up to 25 handouts at a local printer (i.e., kinkos). you may select at checkout to purchase more than one print license to print more than 25 copies of the handout (i.e., 50 copies = 2 licenses, 75 copies = 3 licenses, etc.). need only one handout for personal use? email sales@financialfitnessgroup.com.buy print licenseelevate investor education & boost engagement 

