






poetry.com





























login 

the stands4 network

abbreviations.com
anagrams.net
biographies.net
calculators.net
convert.net
definitions.net
grammar.com
literature.com
lyrics.com
phrases.com
poetry.com
quotes.net
references.net
rhymes.com
scripts.com
symbols.com
synonyms.com
uszip.com

 






by titlein poemsfor poets 



#abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz  random new poems
 











by title
in poems
for poets



 






welcome to poetry.com!



poetry.com is a collaborative platform for poets worldwide, offering a vast collection of works by both renowned and emerging poets. it's a community-driven project that serves as a hub for poets to share their works, receive feedback, and connect with like-minded fellow poets.


explore our poetry collection by navigating through subjects, using alphabetical order, or search by keywords. you can contribute a new poem, share your thoughts and rating on existing works, listen to poems with voice pronunciation, and even translate pieces into a variety of languages, both common and uncommon.

submit your poem










rate this poem:5.0 / 9 votes the consequence of me

susan mayer brumel
lifenaturereflective 
free verse
promoted 




the consequence of me

i am small, as the acorn
lost in the shade of a craggy oak

weightless, as the wren’s feather 
floating up up up from her nest, 
disappearing on grey skies

shy, as the fair fragrance of lavender,
submitting to the bold scent of pine

time changes all things…

soon the acorn grows tall, 
giving shade to her own

chime of wrens take flight, 
leaving fledglings to grow
and multiply

lavender blooms,
till all the forest floor is painted 
and warmed by her purpleness,
—where tiny pines will stir

i stand among them all, 
aware now of their potent femineity,
and wonder: 

what is the consequence of me?


about this poem
sometimes it takes a lifetime to realize one’s worth in a world of many others.  we may feel small and inconsequential, until something or someone opens us up to the possibilities of all we can be. some may consider this an awakening of sorts. personally, a few people have come into my life who continue to inspire my growth and creativity. and the beauty and femineity of the natural world has influenced me as well. i am grateful. 

font size:


 collection 
                						 
                						 edit 
                						 
                						 
                						 
                					
 
written on june 12, 2024
submitted by susan.brumel on february 14, 2025





39 sec read

225 views









susan mayer brumel
 · 1955 · newark, new jersey a few years ago, i retired from a thirty-five year career in hospice counseling, at which time i began writing poetry. my poems are influenced by my patients’ journeys, the compelling beauty of nature, and the human condition.
a lover of all animals and most people, i enjoy spending time in nature, long walks, and reading pablo neruda, blake, william carlos williams, james joyce, mary oliver, emily dickinson, maya angelou, leonard cohen, and more.
baudelaire tells us to ‘be drunk’ on something every day; i am drunk on poetry and intend never to be sober! more…
all susan mayer brumel poems | susan mayer brumel books

 follow
44 fans











translation
find a translation for this poem in other languages:



select another language:

- select - 简体中文 (chinese - simplified) 繁體中文 (chinese - traditional) español (spanish) esperanto (esperanto) 日本語 (japanese) português (portuguese) deutsch (german) العربية (arabic) français (french) русский (russian) ಕನ್ನಡ (kannada) 한국어 (korean) עברית (hebrew) gaeilge (irish) українська (ukrainian) اردو (urdu) magyar (hungarian) मानक हिन्दी (hindi) indonesia (indonesian) italiano (italian) தமிழ் (tamil) türkçe (turkish) తెలుగు (telugu) ภาษาไทย (thai) tiếng việt (vietnamese) čeština (czech) polski (polish) bahasa indonesia (indonesian) românește (romanian) nederlands (dutch) ελληνικά (greek) latinum (latin) svenska (swedish) dansk (danish) suomi (finnish) فارسی (persian) ייִדיש (yiddish) հայերեն (armenian) norsk (norwegian) english (english)







discuss the poem the consequence of me with the community...









https://www.poetry.com/poem/213482/the-consequence-of-me



newest
oldest
popular


16 comments





















0:00
0:00
 clear






 notify me of new comments via email.




publish








kama77very impressivelikereply 12 hours agosusan.brumelthank you very much.likereply1 hour agojn.selvadurairealisation and understanding comes with maturity as go through life. valuable thought susan. i was have experienced it and can fully relate to the message.likereply 17 hours agosusan.brumelthank you so much. i’m glad you could relate to it too.likereply1 hour agostylesrobinthis is where i am in life, too! it really spoke to me. i feel exactly how about is within the way you describe beneath. perfectly directed orchestral of the meaning for those ways to smell change and transformation of spirit. well done! more »likereply 114 hours agosusan.brumelthank you for your kind feedback, robin. i’m very happy it resonated with you in such a moving way.i appreciate your support of my poetry.likereply13 hours agodonka_ka thought-inviting, inspiring  and beautifully written poem.   images and colors in detail makes this poem magical.likereply 117 hours agosusan.brumelthank you for your very kind words. i’m so happy you enjoyed it. :-)likereply16 hours agofarukahmedroniwell presented its inner beauty. very impressivelikereply 119 hours agosusan.brumelthank you so much for your kind words, faruk. :-)likereply3 hours agophilmaundthere you go showing off again with your amazing ability to transform nature methods into powerful poems! reminds me of zechariah 4:10 -- who dares despise the day of small things?likereply 11 day agosusan.brumelthank you for the sweet compliment, phil.  i read the passage you quoted, and see the similarities! i’m happy you enjoyed it. :-)likereply 11 day ago@lbfisheri hope the consequence of me is progress. so, women in the future know we fought for us.likereply 11 day agosusan.brumeli’m happy you appreciate my references to the strength of women. i am sure progress will be one of many positive consequences of you. :-)likereply1 day agoyelskwah"the consequence of me" is a beautifully crafted and thought-provoking poem. you've used evocative imagery and a sense of quiet wonder to explore profound questions about our place in the world and our impact on the environment. the poem is both introspective and hopeful, leaving the reader with a sense of awe and a renewed appreciation for the interconnectedness of all living things. i would expect nothing less from you; it's beautiful. more »likereply 11 day agosusan.brumelyou are too kind and generous! i’m happy to see that i was able to convey the important relationship we have with our natural environment.personally, i am nurtured and inspired by it, as well as by special people who have blessed my life. thank you so much for taking the time to write your thoughtful review, and for your encouragement. more »likereply1 day agobellathemilkcartonnicelikereply 11 day agosusan.brumelthank you, bella.likereply1 day agokarlcfolkesshe stands under five feet in height.likereply1 day agokarlcfolkessusan, this is a truly insightful and inspiring poem.  don’t knock things that may be diminutive.  they can often pack a cultural, social, ethical, spiritual psychological, intellectual wallop, as is the case with my charming wife who stands under feet in height, but whose character and achievements have surpassed many who crow about their own accomplishments, while she, in typical asian reticence simply demurs. more »likereply 11 day agosusan.brumelkarl, i am touched by your words of praise for your wife. she sounds like a very special person, and i imagine you complement each other beautifully.i also appreciate your recognizing the grandeur in small things, whether they be people, or saplings, fledglings, or seeds of lavender. i too am of short stature, barely five feet, one inch, and so, i am glad to be in good company. please give your wife my regards. thank you for always reading and supporting my work. more »likereply1 day agorameshs.88917wow what a touching lines ma'am,it is your simplicity and benevolent nature to gain the heart of others and endeavour to grow bigger.the search for life and existentialism with thine humble appeal gains everyone's heart.in the very beginning stanza,the simile wren's feathers flying to touch the zenith point symbolizes poetess'high ambition and optimistic perspectives of life.in due time the shyness nature and submissive steps brings greater achievement in life is also beautifully reflected in thine lucid lines.thou are highly blessed and benefited by the colourful objects of nature and they create scope for thine maturity and stability in the world. as you sowed so you have reaped.today you are able to obtain a big place amongst the popular poetess and a pious human beings.i hope all these are the fruitful result of your personal care and a great inspiration from thine well-wishers.mam i try to connect with your lines a little,i hope i'm not able enough.heartfelt  congratulations & waiting eagerly for thine next masterpiece. more »likereply 11 day agosusan.brumelmy goodness, ramesh.  thank you for taking the time to write your generous, thoughtful and kind review of my poem.i appreciate your feedback very much. your support of my work means a great deal to me. :-) more »likereply 11 day agorameshs.88917oo i already mentioned thine prompt response & warm - hearted attitudes my highness i can't express in words.likereply 11 day agogary_deanyours is in your written word that leads the searching to a place beyond brutish oppression and pointless competition. yours is the quiet song that whispers of the beauty of lavender. yours is strength through kindness. more »likereply 11 day agosusan.brumelthank you for your beautiful review, gary. made me smile.likereply 11 day agosymmetry60the closing line appears to be answered within the poem. a meek young lady, wondering her place in the world, then blossoms into a mother who sprouts her own little twigs to be cared for and loved by said young miss. she later comes to understand how those she's touched are the those who have helped her realize her place in the world as she continues her journey of spirituality and growth. from what i know of the inquiry, "what is the consequence of me?" it would appear to bring light and love into the lives of those blessed enough to have encountered her. more »likereply 12 days agosusan.brumelor, she is but a reflection of the love and light of those she has been blessed to encounter…thank you for your sweet thoughtful words about this piece, my dear and talented friend.likereply2 days agosharona.reeves81always such profound insight within your poems. wisdom. thank youlikereply 12 days agosusan.brumelthank you for your kind words, sharona. your support of my poetry means a lot to me. :-)likereply2 days agothembieangieemtyour poem feels like a gentle journey of self-discovery, and i love how you use nature to mirror that transformation. in the beginning, the imagery of smallness like the acorn, the wren’s feather, and the lavender really sets the tone of feeling delicate or overshadowed. but as the poem unfolds, there’s this quiet but powerful shift, showing growth, resilience, and influence. the way you describe the lavender’s presence expanding across the forest floor really stuck with me. it’s such a subtle yet strong way to show how something that once felt small can have a lasting impact. and that last question, what is the consequence of me? is one that lingers. it makes me reflect on how we shape the world around us, even in ways we might not immediately see. this poem carries so much grace, appreciation, and quiet strength. it’s a beautiful reminder that we all grow into our own space and purpose, even if it takes time. thanks for sharing this, it really made me pause and reflect. more »likereply 12 days agosusan.brumelyour review of this piece is so beautiful! you captured exactly what i hoped the poem would convey. i appreciate your reading it and for taking the time to write such a kind and thoughtful commentary. :-) more »likereply2 days agoload 6 more comments






×close
report comment


we're doing our best to make sure our content is useful, accurate and safe.if by any chance you spot an inappropriate comment while navigating through our website please use this form to let us know, and we'll take care of it shortly.






cancel
report








×close
attachment






close









×
you need to be logged in to favorite.




 

 




or fill the form below



create a new account











your name:*required







your email address:*required







pick a user name:*required






join






log in







username:*required





password:*required





log in

forgot your password?   retrieve it









 


citation
use the citation below to add this poem to your bibliography:



style:mlachicagoapa
"poetry.com" poetry.com. stands4 llc, 2025. web. 17 feb. 2025. <https://www.poetry.com/>.


powered by cite.me

 






become a member!
join our community of poets and poetry lovers to share your work and offer feedback and encouragement to writers all over the world!



signup












close










the web's largest resource for
poets, poems & poetry
 a member of the stands4 network



enter our february contest to win cash prizes!
×


 



february 2025
poetry contest


join our monthly contest for an opportunity to win cash prizes and attain global acclaim for your talent.
submissions due in...



11
days


14
hours


7
minutes






86 entries submitted — 64 remaining
enter here »












special program
earn rewards!


unlock exciting rewards such as a free mug and free contest pass by commenting on fellow members' poems today! 
learn more »





our awesome collection of
promoted poems

»

lanterns-lit year of the…william hestrangerstacyann medleythe calming stormguy albertleading incompetenceludy bührsgone but not forgottenjordane garritya burning questionkarl constantine folkeson waves of midnight blu…amymmosier
get promoted 






browse poetry.com



#abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz  random new poems 









quiz
are you a poetry master?

»

who wrote the poem 'still i rise'?


a
audre loude


b
sylvia plath


c
maya angelou


d
edgar allen poe



















fresh
our latest poems

»


two seconds of you mi bebè ❤️
by thembieangieemt
sonnet on beauty
by r c shah
within the wind
by kufrt philip behm
is this the definition of a perfect world
by richard j edwards
broken trust
by fanshun curtis
wwiii
by yukunno ghirmay
fearful
by william badinszky


submit a new poem







our favorite collection of
famous poets

»

dylan thomas1914 - 1953robert browning1812 - 1889william blake1757 - 1827john donne1572 - 1631rabindranath tagore1861 - 1941emily dickinson1830 - 1886edgar allan poe1809 - 1849


















your adhere!




your adhere!















company

home
about
news
press
awards
testimonials



editorial

login
add a new poem
become a member
meet the members
recently added
activity log
most popular
poetry forms
faq







services

tools
your collection
tell a friend
bookmark us
help me out!
poetry api
promote 
haiku checker
poem generator
articles



legal & contact

terms of use
privacy policy
contact us
advertise
affiliate program





the stands4 network

abbreviations
anagrams
biographies
calculators
conversions
definitions
grammar
literature
lyrics
phrases
poetry
quotes
references
rhymes
scripts
symbols
synonyms
zip codes


© 2001-2025 stands4 llc.all rights reserved.






















