















new york city limousines, nyc airport limos, wedding limos, proms limos
















































































menu 



304 park ave s, 11 floor, new york, ny 10010212-729-7001reserve now cookies?


google
facebook
linkedin
rss
myspace
pinterest
twitter
youtube




















homeservicesnew york airport limousinelaguardia airport transportationjfk airport transportationnewark airport transportationwestchester airport transportationteterboro airport transportationmacarthur airport car servicenew york distance limo tripsnew york business limousinenew york wedding limousinenew york prom limousinenew york sightseeing limousineeventspricesnyc limo discountsfleetreviewscontactgotham corporate historyblogbook online





new york city limousine services
gotham limousine has been a trusted name in the new york city market since 1965.
we have earned a reputation with our customers for delivering quality and reliability and we take pride in delivering the best limousine service possible.
reasonable rates, safety and privacy in a luxury sedan or a deluxe 6, 8 or 10 passenger stretch limousine driven by a courteous licensed chauffeur. that’s what we call premium limousine service.







we can take care of all your transportation needs. want to see the sights of manhattan? need a trip from manhattan to albany? how about a trip from the airport to manhattan? we do it all.

airport transportation
business services
wedding limousine services
sightseeing tours
distance trips
prom limousines

call us at 212-729-7001 to book your reservation over the phone, or use our easy online booking system to reserve a new york limousine for your upcoming special occasionreserve now
our premium new york limousine service covers the nyc metro area, including new york, new jersey & connecticut. we provide limousine service for airports, weddings, proms, sightseeing, all business & social functions, and distance trips.get quote
this site uses google analytics. click here to opt-out

our vehicles










































































latest blogs


 
nyc 2016 free summer concerts

july 17, 2016
no comments 





 
new york mets limousine to citi field

june 12, 2016
no comments 






quality limousine service
there are many aspects to delivering quality service.
we offer a complement of over 120 late model lincoln towncar sedans and 40 late model lincoln towncar stretch limos, passenger vans, suv’s, party buses, coach buses, and specialty vehicles including the h2 stretch limousine to get where you need to go in style.
all vehicles are insured with $1 million public liability insurance, meeting the nyc taxi & limousine commission requirements for classification as luxury limousines.
gotham limousine offers all the variety of transportation that a new york limo service should provide. whether you are looking for a new york prom limo, airport car service transportation to jfk or laguardia, a new york limo for a night on the town, or a classy wedding limo, gotham ‘s new york limousines can deliver 1st class transportation for your event. new york city limo services are far more practical than renting a car especially if you are unfamiliar with the streets, traffic, and the culture of driving on the busy streets of manhattan.
new york city offers cultural attractions, museums, parks, a variety of unique shopping, and restaurants. the city is home to world famous attractions such as statue of liberty, the empire state building, the museum of modern art, times square, rockefeller center, chrysler building and much more. and all of these are must see places for the tourists. a new york limo tour is the most relaxing and efficient method of enjoying the must see sights of this great city.
gotham limo offers specific packages for new york city wedding limo services. our chauffeurs are highly experienced new york wedding limo drivers who understand the local streets and the unique challenges that manhattan traffic delays can present.
our new york prom limo packages are second to none. call us today or visit our prom packages page to learn more about why gotham limousine will help make your prom night special and affordable.
flying in or out of new york? get to your destination on time and in style with our new york airport limo or town car services to laguardia, jfk, and newark. we offer meet and greet services so your arrival or your guest’s arrival is sure to be seamlessly connected to your ground transportation. when traveling, there is nothing worse than missing your flight due to traffic delays or getting lost on your route. our professional drivers will get you where you want to go in a style that is second to none.



gotham limousine
 new york city limousine services

304 park ave s, 11 floor
new york,
        ny
10010

212-729-7001








by frank mcdonald









copyright gotham limousine® ©1997 - 2015 by gotham corporation - all rights reserved find us on google+











menu  ✖ 


homeservicesnew york airport limousinelaguardia airport transportationjfk airport transportationnewark airport transportationwestchester airport transportationteterboro airport transportationmacarthur airport car servicenew york distance limo tripsnew york business limousinenew york wedding limousinenew york prom limousinenew york sightseeing limousineeventspricesnyc limo discountsfleetreviewscontactgotham corporate historyblogbook online




























