












writing program - uc santa barbara

























skip to main content








 


writing program - uc santa barbara





main menupeopleacademicsminorpublicationsnews & eventsresourcesgiving













































  
  
  
  





 








quick links

advisingcrashingprofessional writing minorcollaborative writing placement 




recent news




 ucsb writing program announces 2024-2025 m. garren tinney writing fellows 

 the ucsb writing program in the division of humanities and fine arts at the university of...  
  


 call for applications: 2024-2025 the m. garren tinney fellowships 

 are you a writer who has been working on a major project?  a collection of stories?  a...  
  


 2023-2024 m. garren tinney writing award winners announced 

 ...  
  


 bazerman fellowship talk by dr. fancher 

 you're invited to join the writing program faculty for a special celebration honoring dr....  
  


 2023-2024 m. garren tinney travel award recipients announced 

 ...  
  


 












contact us


phone: 805-893-7488
wpinfo@writing.ucsb.edu




campus mailcode: 3010
campus maps
main office hours
		monday through friday
		9am-12pm and 1-4pm


office location
		south hall 3432
mailing address
		ucsb writing program
		south hall
		university of california
		santa barbara ca 93106-3010

 






give to the
	writing program












writing for academic, professional, and civic life
in the ucsb writing program, students study and practice writing in academic, civic, and professional contexts.

undergraduate courses focus on study of and practice with writing expected by different audiences. lower division courses help students develop foundational critical writing, reading, research, and analysis strategies.
upper division courses concentrate on the study and practice of writing in specific academic, professional, and civic contexts as well as on the study of writing as an academic discipline.
the program also offers a professional writing minor and opportunities for undergraduates and graduates to conduct independent research with expert faculty.
the writing program supports graduate education with graduate-level classes, writing workshops, and courses focusing on writing theory and pedagogy. the program also offers a ph.d. emphasis in writing studies for students in select departments.
awarded the conference on college composition and communication writing program certificate of excellence

 
 










 












search form

search 







college of letters and scienceuc santa barbaraaccessibilityappropriate useprivacywebmaster


©2025
the regents of the university of california.
all rights reserved.
uc santa barbara, santa barbara, ca 93106


 




