
























	saint-petersburg.com - travel and event guide for st. petersburg, russia

















homeabout ussupport uspartnershipcareerssite mapfaq/helpcontact uscall us @ +7-812-925-8021 











		around the city
	
quick facts
essentials
sights & attractions
suburbs
imperial estates

peterhof
tsarskoe selo
pavlovsk
gatchina
oranienbaum

history
foreign st. petersburg




		dining
	
restaurants & bars




		accommodation
	
accommodation guide
st. petersburg hotels
serviced apartments
hostels
bed and breakfasts




		travel services
	
private & group transfers
airport transfers
concierge service




		russian visa
	
russian visa guide
request visa support




		tours
	
walking tours




		entertainment
	
river entertainment




		transport
	
public transportation
travel cards




		shopping
	
essential shopping selection




		business
	
business directory




		visual resources
	
photo gallery
video gallery
360° panoramas




		visit moscow
	
moscow hotels
moscow.info















lot airlinesfly to st. petersburg with poland's national carrier





neptune boat companyriver trips with multilingual audio-guide





sixt - rent a carcar rentals at pulkovo and elsewhere in st. petersburg








didi art gallerybuy soviet underground and contemporary art





timofey markov press & galleryoriginal art books by saint petersburg artists





moskovsky department storetraditional russian souvenirs and gifts








yat' russian restaurantauthentic russian home cooking next to the hermitage museum





troyka restaurantrussian cuisine and variety show every evening





red tavern (krasny kabachok)characterful restaurant en route to peterhof








segway spbsegway tours around st. petersburg's historic city centre





neptune boat companyriver trips with multilingual audio-guide





hand made theatrea theatrical phenomenon from st. petersburg








grand maket russiathe whole of russia as an interactive miniature model covering 800 sq. meters





erarta museum of contemporary arttemporary exhibits and permanent collection of russian contemporary art





museum of the history of photographycollection of vintage equipment and photo gallery






welcome to st. petersburg!discover the magic of russia's second city online...

one of the world's most beautiful cities, st. petersburg has all the ingredients for an unforgettable travel experience: high art, lavish architecture, wild nightlife, an extraordinary history and rich cultural traditions that have inspired and nurtured some of the modern world's greatest literature, music, and visual art. from the mysterious twilight of the white nights to world-beating opera and ballet productions on magical winter evenings, st. petersburg charms and entices in every season. saint-petersburg.com is here to help you navigate every aspect of this fascinating city, with all the information and travel resources necessary to plan your trip to st. petersburg. 





attractions




top 20 attractions
the best of st. petersburg


our editors and travel writers have pooled their own and our users' ideas and impressions to compile the 20 best visitor attractions and travel experiences in st. petersburg. use our st. petersburg top 20 to plan your trip and get the most out of this remarkable city.




trips




walking tours
discover st. petersburg on foot


a collection of themed walking tours composed by experienced tour guides and other travel enthusiasts. our st. petersburg walking tours will take you step-by-step around the city and help you to dig deeper into the history and culture of the streets.




attractions




the hermitage
treasures from throughout the world


one of the world's most famous museums, the hermitage is an unmissable attraction on any st. petersburg itinerary, with highlights including the superb collection of impressionist and post-impressionist art, as well as the incomparably ornate state rooms of the winter palace.




transfers




airport transfers
a comfortable arrival in st. petersburg


to ensure your arrival in st. petersburg is as comfortable and convenient as possible, with an english-speaking driver to meet you on arrival and help with your luggage at the airport or railway station, book a transfer with one of our recommended partners.




attractions




imperial splendour
st. petersburg's suburban palaces


among st. petersburg's greatest visitor attractions are the incredible imperial parks and palaces in the suburbs of the city. built for generations of romanovs, these extravagant and extraordinary estates reflect the individual tastes of each of russia's remarkable rulers.




accommodation




home comforts
st. petersburg holiday apartments


short-term apartment rentals offer some of the best-value accommodation in st. petersburg's historic centre, especially for guests planning longer stays in the city. search our apartment database and book holiday apartments online from trusted landlords and agencies.




community




italian st. petersburg
venice of the north


southern europeans will feel at home in st. petersburg despite the winter cold, thanks to the immense contribution to the city's artistic and cultural heritage made by italian musicians, painters and, most importantly, architects, who designed many of st. petersburg's most famous landmarks.




attractions




nevsky prospekt
st. petersburg's central avenue


running straight through the heart of st. petersburg from the admiralty to the alexander nevsky monastery, nevsky prospekt is one of the world's grandest avenues, lined with historic landmarks and magnificent architecture, and pulsing with activity at all hours day and night.




history




peter the great
st. petersburg's amazing founder


it was the sheer force of will of st. petersburg's founder, the first emperor of russia, that in two decades saw the development of a thriving modern city where before there had been only marshland, and this was far from the only incredible achievement of peter's 40-year reign.




dining




russian delicacies
discover the best of russian cooking


sample all the delights of traditional russian cuisine, from doughy pies and meaty soups to blini with caviar and the best beef stroganoff in town. our guide to st. petersburg's best russian restaurants includes atmospheric fine-dining restaurants and popular low-cost cafes.




attractions




religious sights
cathedrals, churches and monasteries


despite its short history, st. petersburg can boast a wealth of magnificent church architecture, from the soaring golden spire of the baroque ss. peter and paul cathedral to the unmistakable multifaceted onion domes of the church on the spilled blood.




accommodation




astoria hotel
the home of luxury in st. petersburg


arguably st. petersburg's most famous historic hotel, the hotel astoria was opened at the height of st. petersburg's pre-revolutionary prosperity in december 1912, its sumptuous art nouveau interiors epitomizing the cosmopolitan sophistication of the age.




accommodation




family favorites
hotels for travelers with small children


traveling to st. petersburg with a young family? find the st. petersburg hotels with childcare services and other facilities for small children, as well as sympathetic staff and management, that our editors recommend to ensure a warm welcome for travelers of all ages.




shopping




st. petersburg city markets
a taste of the exotic


st. petersburg's historic city markets are among the best places in town to get high-quality fresh meat, fruit and vegetable. as well as providing some uniquely eastern atmosphere under st. petersburg's wide northern skies, some of st. petersburg's markets are also landmark buildings.




attractions




museum of political history
relics of a moribund ideology


this absorbing collection, housed in a beautiful art nouveau mansion on the petrograd side, offers a clinical dissection of the accoutrements of soviet ideology and propaganda, as well as earlier historical artifacts stretching back to the reign of catherine the great.




entertainment




river trips
explore st. petersburg's waterways


a boat trip along the rivers and canals of st. petersburg is one of the best ways to explore the city, especially during the magical white nights. find the most popular boat routes and recommended carriers in our guide to boat trips and river cruises in st. petersburg.




essentials




disabled travelers
help navigating st. petersburg 


traveling in st. petersburg can be a challenge for the mobility impaired, but facilities are improving all the time. with a little forward planning and the assistance of our expert travel advisers, many wonders of st. petersburg can be accessible to all travelers.




shopping




buy art in st. petersburg
guide to st. petersburg galleries


an original artwork by a local artist can be one of the most satisfying and unusual souvenirs or gifts to take home from st. petersburg. our guide to the city's commercial art galleries will help you find the best places in st. petersburg to buy paintings, photography and sculpture.




famous cities




a capital idea
pay a visit to moscow


combine your visit to st. petersburg with a trip to the russian capital, with its rich history, spectacular eclectic architecture, and buzzing urban atmosphere. our sister site will help you with all your moscow travel needs, with comprehensive city guide and value travel services.




accommodation




w st. petersburg hotel
international design hotel


one of very few 5-star hotels in st. petersburg to eschew historic styling for contemporary design and comfort, the w st. petersburg has a superb location opposite st. isaac's cathedral and boasts stunning interiors, state-of-the-art amenities and spectacular views.




history




city of revolution
the revolution in petrograd


known as "the cradle of the revolution", st. petersburg was the centre of the events of 1917-1918 that saw the establishment of the bolshevik state. discover how the city was affected by the ten days that shook the world, the ensuing chaos, and the eventual establishment of the new regime.




attractions




the bronze horseman
st. petersburg's most famous statue


this magnificent statue of peter the great, commissioned by catherine the great and sculpted by etienne maurice falconet over a 14-year period, is perhaps st. petersburg's most recognizable landmark, and the inspiration for one of alexander pushkin's most famous poems.




history




st. petersburg lives
the city's most famous residents


biographies of the most famous of residents of st. petersburg from throughout the three centuries of the city's existence. learn more about the writers, artists, statesman and scientists whose lives were molded by st. petersburg, and who in turn shaped the city's culture and history.




accommodation




helvetia hotel
swiss charm in the centre


a small hotel in a beautiful historic building on central ulitsa marata, the helvetia has a long-standing reputation for providing comfortable accommodation and superior services with a swiss flavor. among the hotel's considerable attractions are its cozy restaurant and pub.






our servicesaccommodation recommendationswe can help you make the right choice from hundreds of st. petersburg hotels and hostels.customized toursmaximize your time in st. petersburg with tours expertly tailored to your interests.chauffeur serviceget around in comfort with a chauffeured car or van to suit your budget and requirements.restaurant bookingsnavigate st. petersburg’s dining scene and find restaurants to remember.ticket servicesneed tickets for the mariinsky, the hermitage, a football game or any event? we can help.russian train ticketsget our help and advice choosing services and options to plan a prefect train journey.meeting and conference assistancelet our meeting and events experts help you organize a superb event in st. petersburg.interpreting serviceswe can find you a suitable interpreter for your negotiations, research or other needs.





- from our partners -


copyright © 2001-2025 zao "saint-petersburg.com". all rights reserved.



privacy policylegal noticedisclaimercareersadvertising with uscontact us+7-812-925-8021

























