




aaa closeout liquidators, closeouts buyeraaa closeout liquidators

















































 













aaa closeout liquidators
trusted since 1979





contact us
sell to us
buy from us
testimonials
about us

export
buyers of overstock inventory, inspiration
closeouts buyer, excess inventory buyers, motivation
bulk inventory buyers, overstock buyers, fun page


blogs
 



















							closeouts buyer
							










join our closeouts mailing list
subscribe!








aaa closeout liquidators

we have 45 years of experience buying closeouts and liquidating inventory from major retailers and manufacturers.
forbes magazine “best of the web”.
ranked in the top websites in the world by alexa.
rated excellent by d & b (credibility, integrity & reliability) since 1979.
why deal with other closeout liquidators with fancy websites that are new to this business and want to learn about buying closeouts and liquidations at your expense?

sell your closeouts to aaa closeout liquidators and take the risk out of doing business!

we do business with both closeouts buyers and closeout sellers in the usa as well as canada, mexico, and 16 countries overseas.
as one of the usa’s largest closeouts buyer and merchandise liquidators, aaa closeout liquidators buys and sells a wide variety of closeout liquidations, including closeout liquidation, liquidated stock, closeout inventory, wholesale liquidation, and overstock merchandise from retailers, importers, and manufacturers.
we pride ourselves on exceptional service and long-lasting relationships.
when manufacturers, retailers, or importers have problem inventory and need to contact bulk buyers or overstock buyers, instead of going to numerous liquidation websites or calling non-experienced merchandise liquidators or overstock buyers they contact us first. we make it easy.
as a family-run business started in 1979, we’ve always cared about providing our suppliers and customers with good business solutions and peace of mind. with 45 years of closeout industry experience, we still do business with many of our original clients. contact us today and be amazed at our team’s efforts to earn your business.
some fancy liquidation websites on the internet charge the seller a 15% commission for posting closeouts on their auction website and then also charge the buyer an additional 15% to buy the posted merchandise. a total broker commission of 30%!!!
our guarantee: we never charge the seller or the buyer a commission!

we are closeouts buyers and not closeout brokers!

merchandise liquidators
closeout liquidation buyers
excess inventory buyers
grocery closeout buyers
liquidation online
liquidation store
overstock liquidation buyers
liquidation wholesale
liquidation surplus
our corporate goal is always to exceed your expectations. 
surplus liquidators, inventory liquidators
we also pay a generous finder’s fee if you bring us a retail store buyer or overseas buyer who purchases our closeouts.






45 years experience - since 1979



well rated by d&b  (credibility, integrity & reliability)


closeouts wanted for cash



we buy closeouts and liquidations for cash














get top dollars quickly for dead inventory.



closeouts buyers, overstock liquidators





categories we buy and sell








building supply








clothing & fabric








electronics








export








furniture








general merchandise








grocery closeout buyers & food liquidators in the usa and canada








paint








perfume








sporting goods








tools and hardware








toys



please send your offer details to: buyer@aaacloseout.com







closeout buyers
(closeouts, overstock, surplus, salvage, liquidators)
expect to save 50% – 90% off wholesale!!!











categories we buy and sell

appliance surplus buyer & hardware closeouts buyer
electronics closeouts buyer & surplus liquidator
grocery closeout buyers & food liquidators in the usa and canada
paint closeouts buyer & recycled paint buyer
tools and hardware
 clothing & fabric
export closeouts and bulk overstock inventory
furniture liquidators
closeouts buyer & ppe liquidation buyer
perfume closeouts buyer & cosmetics liquidation buyer
overstock sporting goods
toy closeout inventory
 


join our closeouts mailing list


subscribe!

 


aaa closeout liquidators
albany, ny 12207
minimum is $7,500
email: sales@aaacloseout.com












order information|
testimonials|
about us|
contact us|





© aaacloseout.com 1979 - 2020. all rights reserved.

terms of use
,
privacy policy
















