
















communication resources, inc - comresources online store





















sign in
my account
pay your bill
contact us

















downloadable products
instant church directory™
bulletin & newsletter resources
pastoral resources
children's education
curriculum
freebies
easter























                ...
              





                ...
              





                ...
              





previous



next






children's education


downloadable products


curriculum


easter




trusted church resources to help connect you and your members.
our products range from timely, church-related clipart, newsletter and bulletin preparation that can be adapted for virtual, in-person or hybrid services to our beloved children's worship bulletins that can be easily distributed by email to family members or used during children’s church or sunday school. we understand that you need resources and content that are easy-to-use and helpful to reinforce biblical truths to your congregation. our resources can help you to connect with your church members in a variety of ways.
the majority of our materials are available for immediate download at very reasonable prices. take a look around our site and discover what we have in store just for you.




featured products:





christian coloring pages



sourcebook of funeralsvolume 3



sourcebook of worship resources volume 5



sourcebook of pastoral letters volume 2





lessons from the letters of the apostles



essential church certificates



sourcebook of weddings volume 3



just for kids bible puzzles volume 3





our family of publications
publications
for more than 40 years, communication resources has been honored to serve thousands of churches and their ministries by providing enriching christian publication resources. we continue to serve churches of all denominations, plus independent congregations, and religious organizations, with quality resources that are bible-based for communicating and growing in the christian faith.
by always listening carefully to our customers, we've grown as you've told us about material you've needed and wanted. since most of products and publications are freely reproducible and more modestly priced than those from other suppliers, it is our desire to help you be faithful stewards of your church's financial resources. we strive to understand the needs of the smaller church and provide products and services that help make your job easier and provide the greatest value to your church budget.







largest online library of children's bulletins.
children's worship bulletins offers you unlimited access to an enormous online library of bulletins built around passages from every book of the bible – from both old and new testaments! these bulletins help children know that your church cares about them, giving children a sense of belonging in the worship experience.



never deal with an outdated church directory again!
now you can enjoy all the benefits of a commercial church photo-directory with instant church directory, a no-hassle way to produce your own photo-directory. gone are the days of printing and distributing a church directory that is immediately outdated. you can produce a professional photo directory yourself in just hours.





your online sermon prep resource.
imagine having fresh help in preparing your sermons right at your fingertips, especially during those weeks when your words and ideas are not flowing easily. homiletics online won't write the sermon for you, but once you've used this treasury of solid content, you'll wonder how you ever got along without it. homiletics online provides sermon inspiration, commentary, worship resources and more.



send a personal package to your homebound members.
when busy schedules don’t allow you or your staff to visit your shut-in members as often as you’d like, you can let them know they’re important, loved and remembered by everyone in their church. hometouch is an excellent outreach resource that provides an uplifting weekly “letter” packed with bible readings, prayers and inspirational thoughts.





bring your lessons and class discussions to life.
the perfect resource for busy sunday school teachers, adult discipleship instructors, pastors and small-group leaders, the wired word delivers ready-to-use, weekly lessons right to your email inbox every thursday. the lesson you present this coming week could spark the most stimulating class discussion you’ve ever had!



find the perfect, royalty free image with churchart.
gain access to stunning, professional artwork that is perfect for all your church communications – from your church bulletins to your newsletter. you'll easily find the graphics you need for any church event or occasion in a variety of styles, including photos, powerpoint slides, bulletin covers, motion videos and more.









publications
children's worship bulletins
churchart online
churchart pro
home touch
homiletics
instant church directory
my church events
the newsletter newsletter
the wired word


shop

children's bible signs
bulletin & newsletter resources
freebies
easter


customer service
help
our guarantee
my account
contact us 


follow us







                        copyright 1983-2025 by communication resources, inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy



















