









home - cognitive neuroscience society









































































cognitive neuroscience society the journal of cognitive neuroscience


facebookrsstwitter
menumenuhomeannual meeting





general information

cns 2025 annual meetingcode of conductaccessibility at cnsdates and deadlineshotel reservationsstudent hotel discountvenue informationtransportationinternational travelersneed a visa invitation?annual meeting workshop policy & applicationexhibit with us!boston visitors guidevisit boston 
 


program

schedule of eventskeynote addressinvited symposiasymposiaposter sessionsdata blitz sessionsgeorge a. miller award lecturedistinguished career contributions award lectureyoung investigator award lectureworkshops, socials & special eventsprevious meetings programs & abstracts 
 


registration

registrationcns student volunteer opportunityregistration policiesregistration faqneed a visa invitation?cns 2025 press room 
 


submissions

submit a symposiumsubmit a posterprinted poster guidelinesdata blitzgsa or pfa application 
 
 

about cns

boards and committeescns diversity and inclusion statement
membership

information and benefitsjoin or renew membershipmembership faqsnewsletter

cns newsletterssubmit an announcementnewsletter faqs 

awards

george a. miller awardthe distinguished career contributions awardyoung investigator awardjocn travel fellowship awardgsa or pfa applicationgsa/pfa award winners
news center

cns blogcns 2025 press roomcns 2024 blogcns 2023 blogcns 2022 blogcns 2021 blogcns 2020 blogcns 2019 blogblog archivesmedia contact
cns archives

conference videosprevious meetings programs & abstracts
my cns

account logincreate an account
contact us








 








leveraging brain connectivity to control unwanted thoughts

cns 2025: q&a with marie banich marie banich’s journey in cognitive neuroscience started with very personal motivations: first from a curiosity about what her family’s propensity for left handedness meant and then to a drive to help people who suffer from unwanted thoughts, after witnessing the devastating effects that had on a loved one. but […]
read more



 








creating a blueprint for sleep engineering 

cns 2025: q&a with ken paller what started for ken paller as traditional memory research in cognitive neuroscience has now turned into an integrated approach to understanding memory, sleep, and dreams. in addition to using novel tools and technologies to modify sleep, the work also connects with indo-tibetan buddhist literature and principles. for the past […]
read more



 








embracing teens as strategic risk-takers

cns 2025: q&a with adriana galván as a parent of a teen, it can be crushingly difficult to sort through the social drama while attempting to provide guidance that you hope will keep your teen safe. cognitive neuroscientists are finding, however, that the adolescent brain has its own mechanisms of guiding teens through strategic risk-taking […]
read more



 








how threats shape the organization of our memories

bad experiences can shape our lives in unconscious ways. if you, say, tried a new dish at a restaurant and got food poisoning, you may not only avoid that restaurant in the future but potentially that dish, even in other settings. researchers have documented in many studies how negative emotions can shape our memories and […]
read more



 








going off task: exploring mind wandering in the aging brain

we’ve all experienced it – reading some pages in a book when your mind starts to drift and then realizing that you missed a key point and have to go back and reread the same page. the experience of mind wandering appears throughout our daily lives, whether reading, driving home from work, or even when […]
read more



































the cognitive neuroscience society (cns) is committed to the development of mind and brain research aimed at investigating the psychological, computational, and neuroscientific bases of cognition.
the term cognitive neuroscience has now been with us for almost three decades, and identifies an interdisciplinary approach to understanding the nature of thought.










cns account login








become a member






























march 29–april 1  |  2025













register now











account login
























save the date! cns 2025 annual meeting - march 29 - april 1, 2025
we invite you to join us at the cognitive neuroscience society (cns) 2025 annual meeting, march 29 - april 1, 2025 in boston, massachusetts, usa! #cns2025 we will have a full schedule of events slated for this year's meeting that will include invited symposia, symposia, several poster sessions, a keynote address as well as our annual george a. miller award lecture, distinguished career contributions award lecture and young investigators award lecture.












cns diversity and inclusion statement
the cognitive neuroscience society (cns) stands against racism, hate, and injustice.  we affirm unequivocally that black lives matter. cns condemns all acts of discrimination and violence against black people and other people of color. as an international organization, cns is committed to the fight against racism, and to promoting inclusion and diversity in science and academia globally. yet, we recognize we can and must do more.  read our full statement here.



















































































cns 2024 blog
read coverage of the 31st cns annual meeting, held in toronto, canada, april 13 - 16, 2024.







cns 2024 blog










 


 
cognitive neuroscience society
c/o center for mind and brain
267 cousteau place, davis, ca 95618
844-426-8880: office phone; 
monday-friday, 9:00 am - 5:00 pm
844-426-8880: fax line
email: meeting@cogneurosociety.org




recent posts


leveraging brain connectivity to control unwanted thoughts


creating a blueprint for sleep engineering 


embracing teens as strategic risk-takers


how threats shape the organization of our memories


going off task: exploring mind wandering in the aging brain





archives
blog archives
previous meeting programs and abstracts
past newsletters


 




all contents © cognitive neuroscience society 1995-2019 top



				add to calendar			


add to calendar
04/16/2022 11:00 am
04/16/2022 12:00 pm
america/los_angeles
how prior knowledge shapes encoding of new memories
description of the event
grand ballroom a



			×			





				create an account			



			×			


























