


















home - zap endurance


























































open menu



























who we are
running vacations
team
donate to zap
running coaches
corporate wellness
athlete news
coaching articles
facebook
instagram
strava
contact us
media & blog
store


 





home
 





keep pace with your passion.










we are zap endurance
a non-profit training center for post-collegiate, olympic hopeful runners, and avid runners of all levels. we’re committed to developing the best distance runners in the united states, and providing that same level of expertise to runners of all ages and abilities. 
2025 running vacation registration open!



running vacations
build a community that will take you to new distances. for those that would rather have their heels to the pavement than toes in the sand. come join us in the mountains, and work towards your goals in idyllic setting surrounded by other amateur runners who love this sport as much as you do.

july 6-11 blue ridge running vacation at chetola resort 
sept 11-14 half marathon & marathon weekend at chetola resort 
learn more












coaching
providing the best coaching services and education to hundreds of runners all over the globe. join #zapnation. a running coach service for athletes of all levels, because everyone could use a little encouragement and guidance. we take a truly personalized approach in order to help you reach your goals, maximize your potential, and keep running fun!

zap endurance coaching is a running coach service for runners of all levels and all distances. our passion is distance running, and sharing our knowledge to help people of all ages and abilities reach their goals is our mission. it doesn’t matter how long you have been running, everyone needs guidance in their daily running to maximize their potential, stay injury free and most importantly, keep it fun.​ the heart of our philosophy is based on an individualized approach to training and a 1-on-1 relationship between running coach and athlete.
learn more












donate to the foundation
help our athletes get off to a running start. zap founders andy palmer and his wife zika developed the program as a way to give back to the sport of distance running, a sport that played a significant role in both their lives. your gifts help 8-10 post-collegiate distance runners in their efforts to make world championship and olympic teams, develop individual professional skills for benefit in post-competitive years, promote an active healthy lifestyle and an environment for achievement in running for all levels of runners. 
donate to zap


our elite athletes





amanda vestri
read more >








annmarie tuxbury
read more >








dan schaffer
read more >








eric van der els
read more >








ryan ford
read more >








josh izewski
read more >








tristin van ord
read more >








andrew colley
read more >






zap team files
please select a team member














×





see the full team page >


 

 


 
 
 
 





want to run with this crowd?


first name*last name*email*

birthday (mm/dd)*captcha
 














facebook
instagram
strava
 


latest news

andrew wins armagh international 5k
02-13-2025


thoughts on the marathon
02-10-2025



latest blogs

supplements for runners: vitamin d
01-15-2025


cross training for runners
10-17-2024





                ©2025 zap endurance.
              


website designed & developed by wildfire


 
 
 
 


























 
