

regenesis.net - condominium and homeowners association consulting, newsletter, and reserve study services





















































reserve study service



regenesis reserves is the leading reserve study provider in the pacific northwest and a member of  association of professional reserve analysts. 
                          michael stewart and richard thompson   are 
                          members and hold 
                          the  professional reserve analyst 
                          (pra) designation, the highest credential in the reserve 
                          study industry. 
the reserve study analyzes major repair and replacement needs like roofing and painting and provides a funding
                          plan for accumulating money to perform this work when its needed. it is a fundamental planning tool that all 
                          hoas need.  
see 

                          www.regenesisreserves.com








regenesis.net









regenesis.net 
                              is the world's largest homeowner association 
                              information resource and home of the hoa expert™ 
                              richard thompson.  discover innovative strategies designed to make hoa living the carefree experience it is intended to be using 
                              eternal principles.  
 


                           











the regenesis report

book









the regenesis report is widely 
                              regarded as the best homeowner association 
                              newsletter on the planet.  since 1997, it has 
                              been delivering innovative hoa management 
                              strategies to board members, managers and 
                              developers across north america.  almost 1800 
                              articles have been included within its pages which 
                              are available in the article archive.  
click 
                              here to subscribe.
                              the latest: 
national edition 
                              or 
pacific 
                              nw edition.   

                               











what others say



i 
                        have to say over the years i was in the hoa your 
                        insightful, thoughtful and precise information got used 
                        more than you would ever know. i got the other members 
                        of the board to sign up and use your information as a 
                        way to run our group.
                        stacey


                        your newsletter is required reading for our managers. i 
                        use it for training sessions. glenn lehman lehman 
                        property management

ccontinued















 quote of the month
            no amount of evidence will ever persuade an idiot  mark 
            twain













member: 


association of 
            professional reserve analysts


© copyright  regenesis. all rights reserved.












 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
