


































































statesville record | breaking news | | read statesville and iredell county, nc news. get the latest on sports, weather, entertainment, and more.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















37°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state & regional



education



politics



business



national & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



appalachian state



professional




lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



comics



games & puzzles



contests



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith & values



public notices


sponsored content



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



today's ads



special sections



statesville record & landmark archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



today's deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

life & entertainment

jobs








37°
fair
























        
        
            statesville relay squad captures track state title

no one faster than the greyhounds in the boys' 4x200. only one relay squad was faster than statesville in the girls’ 4x200.

















        
        
            photos: nchsaa 3a indoor track & field championships

scenes involving iredell county athletes during the n.c. high school athletic association 3a indoor track and field championships on saturday in winston-salem. 

















        
        
            arnold, lake norman high too much for mooresville in basketball conference title battle

"those seniors are special and then you add nick the way he’s playing. he’s one of the best point guards in the state.”

















        
        
            third draft of nchsaa conference realignment resembles first for most iredell schools

five largest county schools still in split 6a/7a league together.

















        
        
            best of iredell 2025
















        
        
            statesville is growing. how will the city cover the increasing costs?

the statesville city council considered a possible vehicle fee and several fee increases.

















        
        
            bodyarmor state games to feature pair of iredell baseball coaches

annual showcase for underclassmen scheduled for june.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            statesville relay squad captures track state title


















        
        
            arnold, lake norman high too much for mooresville in basketball conference title battle


















        
        
            photos: nchsaa 3a indoor track & field championships















                
                the latest


















        
        
            after shooting her 4 kids, wyoming mom called 911

a gofundme account for cliff harshman, the father, had topped $44,000 by tuesday afternoon.




















        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            statesville neighbors: obituaries for february 5

read through the obituaries published today in statesville record and landmark . 




















        
        
            statesville neighbors: obituaries for february 4

read through the obituaries published today in statesville record and landmark . 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            best of iredell 2025



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 





















                
                latest video



















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right



















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit



















        
        
            the day after: 'robust post-war reintegration plan critical for sustainable free democratic ukraine'



















        
        
            doge website lacks detailed records despite musk’s 'maximally transparent' promise












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            west iredell avenges loss to north iredell with win in regular-season finale

jordan patterson, jermaine cornelius, david bunton reach double figures for warriors.




















        
        
            fca courts for christ



















        
        
            statesville-west iredell basketball



















        
        
            statesville-west basketball












                
                listen now podcasts



















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.




















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.




















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.




















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            

















        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            14 ways to combat seasonal affective disorder this winter

contributor content. the right practices and products can help you to navigate sad season with optimism and wellness. this article is your guide to the best ways to combat seasonal affective disorder so you can be your happiest, healthiest self all season!




















        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.




















        
        
            fear of white coats: how to overcome iatrophobia, a fear of doctors

get healthy. it’s common to be nervous before a doctor’s appointment. but having a phobia means much more than general anxiety. here are a few signs that point to iatrophobia.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            newton vision center



                                        dr rick davis, newton, nc 28658
                                    






















        
        
            custom body works



                                        po box 11248, hickory, nc 28606
                                    






















        
        
            azalea corner



                                        2785 charlotte hwy suite 24, mooresville, nc 28117
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















healthcare





        
        
            emergeortho foothills region






































×
















facebook





twitter









sites & partners


place an ad

today's deal

event calendar

join our team

newsletter signup

get healthy




services


manage subscription

search for jobs

contact us

advertise

licensing

dealer returns

shoppping






                        © copyright 2025
                        statesville record & landmark, p.o. box 968 hickory, nc 28603
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe






news alert

subscribe

























