

trackinfo.org







  because there has to be a place.



  last updated november 26, 2010
i do update it more often than the date i have posted. that is not automated.

  select your choice
 track & field--the north american 
  all comers meet directory
southern california indoor  
  meet . . . outdoors february 20, 2011

twilight's last gleaming cross country 
  challenge 26th annual on october 29, 2011
southern california masters schedule
all weather track facilities in california 
  and nevada 
consulting 
track and field/running events on television
track and field/running events on the web
track and field information (how 
  to set things up) 
clubs (california for now) 
training groups 
results 
california running trails 
editorial 
a follow up to the editorial 
popular links 
links to race schedules for other 
  areas 
other stuff
the main e-mail address to reach us is info@trackinfo.org. 
  i send up occasional errors. if you notice any mistake, even an obvious one, 
  please be specific where it is. 
i have just received roundabout complaints from aol customers that they cannot 
  see this website and e-mails to me get bounced. this is entirely an aol problem. 
  i cannot reach aol tech support to get them to deal with their issue that is 
  inadvertently blocking this site. all i can do is publicly insult them here 
  until they fix it. please let your friends know, this site continues to work, 
  but not from the aol browser or e-mail system. if you use a different browser 
  or e-mail, everything works.
you will note there are occasionally long periods of time where the site is 
  not updated. sometimes this is due to my crazy work schedule. new information 
  comes in but there is no time to post it. volunteers are welcome to assist.
i'll comment that more and more sites are using pdf files. gleaning information 
  from a pdf file slows the work incredibly. copy and search functions frequently 
  do not work or are blocked, most computer hot keys also do not work. meet directors 
  or webmasters--on general principal i discourage the use of pdf files. make 
  everybody's life better, please use regular html text to post your information. 

if you notice any errors or have any additional information to post please send an e.mail to info@trackinfo.org.  new information is posted as quickly as possible--sometimes quick is not possible.  the information posted here is the best possible, verified when possible but historical and rumored information will be posted.  sometimes events are changed due to weather or last minute decisions--if possible this site will be updated even at the last moment.  always check with the listed contacts and verify before you go.
for meet directors who are not connected, please have them snail mail information to: 

track info
p.o. box 7793
ventura, ca  93006
suggestions welcome, you know we'll post what we can.  please e.mail info@trackinfo.org
useful links, other race information sources.
pacific association usatf (northern 
  california)
southern california usatf
california track and running 
  news
iaaf--the worldwide organizing body 
usatf--the usa organizing body
sacramento running
the runners schedule
competitor magazine
race place
runners web
pacific athlete
runners source
doug lynch's amazing list of track and field links called "running amuck"
links to race schedules for other areas



  track and field on television
if you would like me to put together tv coverage of your track and field event 
  (or any other kind of coverage for that matter) please e-mail.
track and field on television is so rare and poorly publicized that us fans 
  need to join together to find information. if you hear of any other televised 
  track or running event, please e.mail info@trackinfo.org


 times listed are (hopefully corrected for) pacific time. date changes at 
    midnight. broadcast networks, like nbc do not always match their schedule 
    on the east coast. without inside information it is hard to tell when they 
    will simulcast the west coast or tape delay it (thus a ? following their times). 
    espn events will show 3 hours later (clock time) on the east coast and other 
    timezones offset accordingly, so barring local blackouts this is a time common 
    throughout the world. these are primarily southern california schedules, other 
    areas are less dependable especially due to the way track and field is ignored 
  by the media.  
 

2010 date
event
time
channel
 


april 24
penn relays
5 p.m.
espn 2
 


june 12
adidas (home depot center) grand prix
1:30 p.m.
nbc
 


june 25
usatf outdoor championships
5 p.m.
espn
 


june 26
usatf outdoor championships
10 a.m.
espn 2
 
 
june 26
usatf outdoor championships
noon
nbc
 
 
june 27
usatf outdoor championships
10 a.m.
espn
 
 
june 27
usatf outdoor championships
noon
nbc
 


july 3
prefontaine classic
1:30 p.m.
nbc
 


 
 
 
 
 


  
  in the above schedule, i am guessing the (insane) time (re-)scheduling of the 
  major networks. they plan for the east coast and sometimes you have to roll 
  the dice to guess when they will place it on the west coast. i also corrected 
  some of the espn channel assignments, they were previously listed as espn classic, 
  but are now listed simply as espn--who really knows what the network is doing?



  track and field on the web


august 31
 



iaaf 
        super grand prix, sheffield, england 

september 7
 



iaaf 
        grand prix, rietti, italy 

september 13
 



iaaf 
        world athletics finals day 1 

september 14
 



iaaf 
        world athletics finals day 2 

september 28
 



berlin 
        marathon  

october 12
 



chicago 
        marathon  



iaaf 
        road running championships, rio de janiero, brazil 

november 2
 



new 
        york marathon 


the above links take you to the home page, which for commercial purposes these 
  sites require. wcsn is a subscription service. 

  since you are finding this page on line, you are part of the growing revolution 
  for television programming, the autonomy of internet anarchy: essentially this 
  means we and other media ignored events need to take to our own means of distribution 
  on-line. thus the  in the above schedule, i am guessing the (insane) 
  time (re-)scheduling of the major networks. they plan for the east coast and 
  sometimes you have to roll the dice to guess when they will place it on the 
  west coast. 

  since you are finding this page on line, you are part of the growing revolution 
  for television programming, the autonomy of internet anarchy: essentially this 
  means we and other media ignored events need to take to our own means of distribution 
  on-line. thus the wcsn, world championship sports 
  network. owned by major league baseball, for a fee they will bring live 
  (and taped) streaming video of major track and field events from around the 
  world direct to your computer. check out the schedule of events they carry at 
  http://www.wcsn.com/schedule/main.jsp

  and if you have interest in high school level track and field, check out the 
  dyestat.com video vault and 
  (also hosted by dyestat.com) some of my historical video of the california 
  state meet included here. 
  the latest find on the internet is flotrack.com 
    which manages to cover many of the top level american meets. the internet 
    is going to be our souce for a lot of video of our "obscure" sport.

    schedules change from tv market to tv market, some shows are not available 
    in all areas, especially ones on fox sports affiliates and on local channels. 
    in short, this is not always dependable information but the best possible, 
    because television does not care about our sport. 
  the fox sports networks carry track and field events occasionally, but they 
    have the most chaotic and difficult to track programming schedule. try as 
    i might (and i have contacted them directly) i cannot get accurate information 
    about future fox broadcasts. most i find by accident (because i am always 
    looking). many of the events i have shot, have ended up on fox sports. even 
    after shooting them, i have no idea when my work will be on the air. so far, 
    no listings found yet. 
as you might have read earlier, i have been searching for information to post 
  the european track television schedule. but despite my searching, the information 
  was about as effectively hidden as it could be. usatf, iaaf had nothing, espn, 
  who is airing the meets (listed below) has no mention of upcoming track and 
  field on their website (just a few, dated mid-meet articles from the national 
  championships). even the production company that acquires the coverage and packages 
  it for espn is in hiding. certainly there have been on on air promos. it was 
  finally through an extensive search of tv guide that i found the first meet, 
  barely before the meet aired--not much time to publicize it here. when i gleaned 
  the schedule off the telecast, i have got to comment the font they used was 
  the smallest, hardest to read possible (and i did make subsequently discovered 
  mistakes because of it). i realize they have to conform to specific style guidelines, 
  but they should have made this more readable--had there been any caring supervision 
  of the quality of their telecast this would have been picked up.
all this is another underline that it is no longer of importance to the us 
  networks to cover track and field. until we manage to put more butts in the 
  seats and viewers at home to provide those sponsorship dollars, we might not 
  be seeing our sport on tv as much.
no other listings, of course the european track season is over now. stay tuned 
  for road races
i will pat myself on the back here. this year our coverage was repeatedly 
  changed. i managed to track all these changes accurately and had them posted. 
  no other sources kept up to date. so even though there were other listings posted 
  on the internet, there were at least six different instances where we were the 
  only correct site.
while looking for the european track schedule i noticed there was a heavily 
  eidted three minute package of highlights of the bislett games on gillette world 
  sports that shows irregularly on the fox sports networks. i was fearing that 
  would be the only coverage we would see. i still suggest you seek this program 
  to see what they offer. with frequent airings, this gives you lots of opportunities.
editorial: i have had to post tv listings like this because of the rarity 
  of coverage of the sport this site is centered upon. so when our biggest domestic 
  championshipwas on nbc, their competitor cbs chose to put taped coverage of 
  perhaps the second biggest championship meet, then a week old, on directly against 
  it. this is idiocy. perhaps in the programming offices, this is seen as brilliant 
  counter-programming but for the track fan this can do nothing productive. admittedly, 
  our numbers are not overwhelming, so if the audience is divided by two programs, 
  neither can show decent ratings. why should you care? because future coverage 
  decisions are based on the performance of these shows--most importantly these 
  shows because they are our top events (outside of the olympics and related). 
  if some executive remembers "they didn't watch the national championships" 
  that same executive will possibly not green light the next coverage. they probably 
  will not remember that they were submarined by another network. i consider cbs 
  to be at fault here, their taped coverage could have aired at any time and certainly 
  could be moved to a non-conflicting time slot while the live coverage cannot.

 note: as mentioned earlier, track and field is not respected by tv executives, 
    so it is second priority (or lower). if a live event (finished even hours 
    ahead of our events) runs long, the track coverage could be pre-empted or 
    upcut. espn is notorious for cutting out full segments in order to adjust 
    their clock. in other words, our program is the sacrificial (ratings loser) 
    get them back on schedule. and when espn runs a repeat version of a program, 
    the second time around is much more likely to be pre-empted or upcut. recently 
    they broadcast the start of the girls "footlocker" cross country race, went 
    to a commercial then showed the finish of the boys race--as if we wouldn't 
    notice or care. you are better off to set your vcr for the first airing of 
    the program, which they won't tinker with as much so they get paid by the 
    advertisers--the second airing is just a bonus. 
   you the consumer need to watch and vocally support the sponsors of these 
    events or they won't continue to sponsor them and we won't get to see them. 
    if you ever are asked to fill out a diary or work with a ratings service, 
    do not miss a track or running presentation--your vote counts heavily for 
    all of us. complain as we will about the quality of the presentations, without 
    some money and viewership behind our sport, we won't see it on the air at 
    all. 
  website problems

i pick some winners don't i? our previous host, breezeland (and the fact that 
  i mention names means i am upset) decided to update their software. that started 
  friday april 4, so they left us down for three weeks as they tried to make it 
  work. that was apparently a horrible choice because the new software continued 
  to crash. then their server came under outside attack and everything stopped 
  working again (while they were threatened with being decertified by icann. 
this site is updated constantly. we do not intend to go away--really i am 
  doing a dance around various internet idiots to keep it working. we expect to 
  serve the participants in the various sports of track and field, road running 
  and racewalking with the best information possible as long as this site is necessary. 
  of course, i hope the responsibilities of this site to eventually be taken over 
  by an official organization that has the resources to keep disseminating this 
  sort of information to the public. in the absence of such, we'll still be here. 
  bookmark and keep checking this site for new information.
at least we are now free of our former web host webcountry. because they were 
  constantly playing around and cutting us off, i was constantly complaining about 
  their bad service. i could document at least 207 instances of service interruptions 
  in less than a year, not to mention the times administration of the site was 
  down. webcountry considered my frequently unanswered complaints (repeatedly 
  through all means available, e-mails, tech support web page, phone, fax etc.) 
  to be harrassment and those bastards had the audacity to lock us out of our 
  site. instead, they posted the notice that you saw the week of january 6. our 
  only fault was that we continued to use webcountry--we are now using an alternative. 
  for the purposes of search engines i do not recommend  
  webcountry or their affiliates. hopefully we will be rid of them and the problems 
  they have caused. because the entire site has had to be reloaded, there are 
  going to be mistakes--please let us know if you can't find something. 


 
  
 return to top.
visitors since january 1, 2002









