observer and eccentric newspapersnews sports business life entertainment obituaries legals  friends of the rouge seeks volunteers for frog and toad surveynovi man wants michigan to adopt elderly driving lawsmichigan spring break 2025 attractions. what to see, where to visitphotos: livonia stevenson girls basketball vs. livonia franklin why a south lyon east wrestler went viral on tiktok milford driver, 94, faces misdemeanor in crash that… daylight saving time starts in march. what to know in… michigan's deer harvest increased in 2024. what the…  michigan dnr to hold wolf population survey: what to know friends of the rouge seeks volunteers for frog and toad survey  novi man wants michigan to adopt elderly driving laws  michigan spring break 2025 attractions. what to see, where to visit more in newsphotos: livonia stevenson girls basketball vs. livonia franklin photos: northville boys basketball vs. plymouth  why a south lyon east wrestler went viral on tiktok more in sports two michigan dogs will compete in puppy bowl xxi today: what to know  first raising cane's in metro detroit is opening tuesday in canton  michigan celebrities affected, react to los angeles wildfires more in entertainment developer proposing 514 new homes in canton neighborhood  sheetz stores planned for novi, farmington hills, highland  salvation army's new thrift store in novi set to open more in business sometimes i wonder if 'fix the damn roads' haunts gretchen whitmer's dreams andrea bitely  if trump gets his way, our weather forecasts could get really weird  it’s time to let go of the past, detroit. let the boblo boat sink. nancy derringer more in opinion the viral our place wonder oven is back on sale! save up to 30% this weekend  crocs slippers are less than $35 for a limited time only  hoop...there it is: how to watch 2025 nba all star weekend more in shoppingenter now! enter often!       contests       comics       more in contestsphotos: northville boys basketball vs. plymouth      waters between st. ignace, mackinac island to close: what to know is it too cold to walk my dog? here's what to know how much ice is covering the great lakes? how to get free gun locks from state officials in michiganabout us staff directory careers accessibility support site map legals our ethical principles responsible disclosure terms of service privacy policy your privacy choicescontact us support local businesses advertise your business buy and sell licensing & reprints help center subscriber guide manage account give feedbacksubscribe today newsletters mobile apps facebook x archivesjobs cars homes classifieds shopping 10best localiq© 2025 www.hometownlife.com. all rights reserved.