








region 14 | arabian horse association








































region 14
arabian horse association


menu
skip to content
home
show & event calendar

club shows, regional & national event calendar
silverama/region 14 championship show
the buckeye sweepstakes


clubs

club contact info
member directory


officers
info & docs
faq
education & promotion
 






welcome to aha region 14


made up of ohio, kentucky and west virginia, region 14 – a part of the arabian horse association (aha) – is the “center” of considerable horse activity, not only from its leadership in the arabian and half arabian horse community in america, but also for its range of activities.
each may, the nationally-recognized buckeye sweepstakes horse show rolls around, giving us a preview of winners to come at the u.s. nationals. this show is one of the most prestigious arabian horse shows in the country and we are proud that it happens in our region! in 2022, the silverama / region 14 championships moved to the world equestrian center (wec) in wilmington, ohio and changed the show dates to august.  this show is known as one of the most competitive of the regional aha shows and has garnered praise and compliments from exhibitors nationwide for the professionalism of those that work (staff and volunteers) to make it one of the best in the country. we also have many smaller breed and open shows throughout our region that encourage competition at all levels and many disciplines, including dressage, sport horse and endurance/competitive trail. we all know that owning horses does not necessarily mean showing them. we encourage people to enjoy their horses in any way they can including recreational riding programs.  our region also has numerous discovery farms that can help you learn about our beautiful horses.  go to www.arabianhorses.org for a current list.
the al marah arabian horse galleries are impressive permanent exhibits that are part of the kentucky horse park museum. annually over one million people visit the park and have an opportunity to see the wonderful arabian horse. we are honored to have this as part of our region.
we have numerous local clubs and they annually elect delegates to attend the national aha convention. they speak for you and others, so make sure you know your club’s delegates and let them know your thoughts and feelings. regional meetings are held regularly, and you are invited and encouraged to attend. work through your clubs and their officers and your regional officers — keep involved, keep informed and most of all, keep enjoying your beautiful arabian and half-arabian horses!
thanks to stuart vesty for the header image on our website.









“of ancient origins” original oil painting by shary b. akers 


search for:



 



proudly powered by wordpress






