





abc auto parts chicagoland's largest auto recycler and used part retailer
















  








homecompany profileparts inventory retail salescommercial salesnewswarrantycontactsemployment





















company informationhours of operation visit abc on facebook!sell your car to abc sell your car hereused car lotbusiness to businesswhy abc auto parts?search our online catalogfor car ownersdash board prepsearch u-pull-it storevisit our u-pull-it self service storeunwanted vehicle removal and disposal





welcome to abc auto parts


87th year in busines and still going strong at abc auto parts our goal is to meet your expectations on every single order! buying from abc is easy. the right part , the right price and on time. we have been serving chicagoland since 1936.

•	hours of operations:  monday through friday 9:00 am until 4:30 pm saturday and sunday we are closed.:


•	we will accept credit card payment to process prepaid orders for quick pick up. 
 
•	installation and vehicle repairs are available, speak with your part professional to schedule an appointment. please be prepared to leave the vehicle for repairs and we will call you when the work is complete and the vehicle is ready for pick up. 

•	used car sales will be by appointment only. 


     connect! 1-708-389-1456     as chicagoland's largest auto recycler, and with over 76 years of experience in the business, abc auto parts is committed to offering the highest quality parts, fastest and friendliest service, and best prices.


with our 101-day warranty on all parts, you can rest assured that abc auto parts will be there in case you need us after the sale. our prices can't be beat, nor can the satisfaction you'll experience when working with our professional staff of individuals who take pride in helping you find the right part. 

parts.prices. pride. three words that represent what abc auto parts is all about and what you should look for in an automotive recycling center.inventoryabc auto parts maintains chicagoland's largest inventory of quality, late-model used parts. we emphasize the word 'quality' because every part must pass at least three quality control tests before we make it available to you. qualityfrom our professional parts locator and service staff to our quality-tested used parts, abc auto parts is committed to offering you only the finest service and quality used oem parts. we believe that our exclusive 101-day warranty on all parts and labor demonstrates our commitment to providing you the right part, at the right price  with pride.

for more information on how abc auto parts can help you find- the right part for any car, simply call us at 1-800-458-7838 or email us.








  positions available  can you see yourself in this picture? are you knowledgeable of vehicles, vehicle systems, components and parts? do you have experience selling auto parts? are you organized and motivated, with excellent sales and communication skills? 
about automobile recycling
















	
			2021 all rights reserved.
	           
			chicago web design





















 

