









marietta ga dentist | kennesaw cosmetic dentistry | tooth pain relief
























 

 


 skip to main content



















our teamservices 

all serviceschipped tooth repaircleanings & checkupscosmetic dentistrycrowns & bridgesgeneral family caregum diseasehalitosis treatmenthospital sleep dentistrynightguard for teeth grinding, clenchingoral cancer screeningporcelain veneerspreventative servicesreceding gumsrestoration of dental implantsrestorative dentistryroot canalssleep dentistry – faq’steeth whiteningtooth extractionstooth pain, jaw pain
special care 

allergic to local anestheticsjust don’t like the dentistloose lower denturemedical problemspeople with developmental disabilitiesphobia, fear and anxietysevere gagging
testimonials


call (770) 980-6336
request appointment





 







                personalized, painless,perfect dental care for everyone              


call (770) 980-6336
request appointment
















        welcome toautumn dental      

dr. nicole barnett offers a very warm and friendly dental experience to patients coming from marietta and the atlanta metro area. if you are looking for a marietta dentist that offers comprehensive care for your entire family, autumn dental is one of your best choices. dr. barnett and her highly trained team know how to make your visit as comfortable as possible and they strive to exceed every patient’s expectations.

about us







 









general family care





cosmetic dentistry





special care patients





hospital sleep dentistry













        personalized, painless perfect dental care for everyone in marietta      




looking for a gentle marietta dentist? at our marietta dental office, we understand that many people do not look forward to having their teeth cleaned. at autumn dental, we offer a comprehensive menu of dental services, from teeth cleaning to sedation dentistry and we are known for being the marietta dentist that patients can count on for the most gentle dental experience in a comforting atmosphere.

call (770) 980-6336
request appointment











        severely fearful or people with medical issue      

the staff at autumn dental is especially sensitive to patients who are severely fearful of the dentist or who may have medical problems or special needs that need to be considered with seeing the dentist. dr. barnett has a great deal of experience with special needs and special care patients. autumn dental is a marietta dental practice that has a well-established reputation as a practice that takes the time to make sure that every patient is cared for in the most appropriate and painless way possible.

special care patients










        our patients reviews      








aden s.






 
gosh these people are great. i’m extremely phobic and these people not only had me relaxed but had me laughing.best teeth cleaning ever.






pat c.






 
even if i have a dental issue, i still leave feeling good because i know i am in the best hands possible.






mike h.






 
kristi is the greatest.





read more reviews









        marietta sedation dentistry      

sedation dentistry is a type of dentistry that allows patients to be put to sleep so that they are unaware of what is happening to them during a dental procedure. while many people choose to go under sedation when having extensive dental work done, sedation dentistry can also be done for those who need a dental cleaning or to have a cavity filled. mental health problems are also common factors when choosing to undergo sedation as cleaning the teeth or working in the mouth may prove difficult for both the patient and the dentist.

sedation dentistry








        on our blog



 

behind on your dental care? sedation can help!

january 18, 2025
                  do you find yourself avoiding the dental treatment you know you need? or even skipping your routine preventive check-ups? approximately 1-in-3 adults have some type of...                


 

four reasons why we take routine dental x-rays

december 12, 2024
                  just like brushing and flossing regularly, getting routine dental x-rays is also an integral part of maintaining good oral health. x-rays are the only source that...                








skip footer







        schedule an appointment now      


call (770) 980-6336
request appointment












address
611 campbell hill st nw #101marietta, ga  30060
opening hours

monday, wednesday, thursday 8:00 am – 4:00 pm













© 2025 autumn dental. all rights reserved.

accessibility policyprivacy policysitemapseo 


 










