

the art of and gallery of grace li wang












李二平






art with a touch of grace 

grace li wang is an artist renowned for her ability to capture the radiance of nature in exuberant expressionist and impressionist works.  she wants her art to energize and enrich the spirit in each of us.  her vibrant colors and graphic forms infuse a sense of radiant vitality in an imaginative and captivating world.

current and upcoming events · arts events records & photos



grace's two paintings in duke medical tower collection




grace is a current board member of the triangle art works.  please visit and join.


grace served as a board member of the gregg museum of art and design, 2015-2021.   please join it.




art class testimonials


"grace's art is one of a kind. she uses bold and bright colors. it is an inspiration. my son has been learning from her for several years. we love her art!"
shuyun mu


"i thoroughly enjoyed my private art lesson with grace this morning! she taught me a new way of using oil pastels that allowed me to express colors and form in a way that i have not yet experienced. we made art outside on a dock overlooking a lake with material that she provided, leaving me to worry about nothing except the creating bit. :)  i want to encourage everyone who is interested with experimenting with mixed media to take a lesson with grace!  thanks grace!" 
anna kozachuk


"bright and colorful patterns are shown in grace's art work. they are cheerful art pieces for energy boosting."
monica li










the pearls catalog
pearls price guide: descriptions and prices - may, 2018


contact grace or the bull city art gallery for grace's original art, prints and art gifts items:



bull city art and frame co.
brightleaf square
905 w. main st., durham, nc 27701
tue - fri 10am-6pm | sat 10am-5pm
tel: 919-680-4278
website


grace was the art auction host for the
cva art ball and art auction,
with a professional auctioneer
for the live art auction:
2013 cary visual art -art ball and art auction photos 



videos, slideshows and art book
art book - "radiance in nature"





art of grace li wang





watch 2 slide shows


grace li wang radiance slideshow # 2
grace li wang radiance slideshow #1










professional art consultation services 
free service is indicated with * 
we can assess your art needs based on the size and layout of your space.*
create a suitable budget.*
provide art consultation to help select artists and styles from both internal and external sources that complement your environmental setting such as architectural design and furnishings, and strengthen the cultural identity and image of the individual or organization.
coordinate all framing, insured shipping, and installation of the selected artwork.


the radiance series



for art selections, please click on paintings
order the new art book - "radiance of nature"


featured in time out magazine









grace at the museum of natural science and stonehaven gallery





register for grace's art workshop
 

join grace for her mixed media art classes.  cost is $50 for the 2-hour class at her lakeside dock and art studio on the lochmere lake, cary, nc.  supplies are included, for the oil and water based mixed media artwork. contact grace for the current group and private session schedule. 

art mediums:  oil, oil pastel, acrylic, watercolor, ink drawing, pastel, charcoal, mixed media, chinese painting, special effects, color study, and more.







news, reviews, & press releases:
cowparade-gratitude cow, 2012-2013
lazy daze arts festival - signature artist, 2011
china star article - march 26, 2009
"my lancôme" feature (chinese)
"shanghai artist magazine" review
(chinese and english)
"start with art" spring 2006
herald sun review
http://www.graceliwang.blogspot.com
online china media - go to: www.google.comor www.baidu.com,enter 李二平 - 畫家 grace li wang 

contact info

artist: grace li wang
email: graceliwang@gmail.com
mobile: 919-412-6803 
mailing address:
319 lochside dr.
cary, nc 27518  usa

international agents and galleries

top

home  |   art of grace  |  exhibits  |  biography  |  ordering  |   contact

web design by uniqueorn enterprises







































