



desertclassics...restored, original and restorable classic vehicles for sale










































desert classics... restored, original & restorable classic & vintage vehicles for sale





current vehicle inventory
1,122 vehicles 
click links below to go to section...





 desert home 




 restored cars 




 restorable cars 




 classic trucks 




 farm tractors 




 request info 




 locate parts 




 towing services 




 faq  




 about us 




 cool car links 




 contact us 




welcome to desertclassics.com... 
we sell restored, original and restorable classic and vintage cars, trucks and farm tractors from the high desert of the western usa. our restored cars range from frame-off restorations to all-original daily drivers. we specialize in selling non-running project vehicles that are complete, straight, and solid. once you have found vehicle you are interested in, click the request information link on that page or click the "request info" link in the left toolbar and follow the instructions
also please bear with us because there is only 1 person that is answering emails and trying to get prices and answers. i am doing the best i can, but we are slammed right now and it is hard to keep up. 

prices are subject to change at any time and are not guaranteed, until a deposit has been accepted. 

we sell cars for more than one seller, so we never know a current updated price, until the time of request, which is why a number on here cannot be guaranteed. we try to keep it within a normal inflation rate, but some of these cars were added many years ago. we are a very small business and cannot dedicate an entire team to constantly updating prices. 

see our "featured vehicles" at bottom of this page...








copyright 2023
desertclassics.com
all rights reserved






restored and original cars, 35




restorable project cars, 745




restored and restorable project trucks, 322




restored and restorable farm tractors, 20













our high-and-dry project vehicles come from places like these (click on photos)










featured vehicles
sold archives




customer
testimonials




convertible
project cars
click here




muscle, custom
& hot rod projects click here




exotic & rare
vehicles
click here






 












restoration
services




current all-original classic car for sale
1957 ford fairlane 500 sunliner convertible
lots of good parts, new title, for sale $3,500
click on photo for details








by l&l classic auto corp- wendell idaho usa







