





pma pacific maritime association







































skip to content













 twitter

who we are



ceo messageoverall missionmember companiesboard of directorsexecutive teamwest coast ports



an economic engine for americacoastwide numbersports by regionthe workforcewhat we do



labor relationspayroll & benefitsadministrative servicesnews & information



newsthe basicspast negotiationsannual report sign upmembers

longshore

 









 





representing the world’s leading shipping lines and terminal operators 
							on behalf of its member companies, pma negotiates and administers the maritime labor agreements with the international longshore and warehouse union. 
							 





 




homecurtis allen2024-04-10t06:04:38+00:00 
an economic engine for america
as the leading gateway for waterborne trade with asia, west coast ports play a vital role in the national and global economies. anchored by the southern california port complex – the country’s largest – imports and exports include cars, clothing apparel, toys, heavy machinery, consumer electronics, scrap metal, lumber, furniture, fresh produce, wheat, crude oil, steel, solar panels, and more.
the role of terminal automation in driving volumes and supporting jobs
learn about the $2 trillion impact of west coast ports on the u.s. economy 
 an analysis of short-term capacity constraints at u.s. ports 
by the numbers
2023 highlights
0total container teus through west coast ports0 billiontotal wages paid0ilwu registered workers$0average annual earnings for a full-time registered ilwu workera steward for west coast ports
pma’s mission is to provide industry leadership to our member companies through innovative integrated labor relations, human resources and administrative services. our membership consists of 68 ocean carriers and terminal operators who operate at the 29 west coast ports. these ports are a vital engine for economic activity in the united states.
labor relationslabor relationspma negotiates labor agreements that cover wages, employee benefits and conditions of employment for workers employed at longshore, marine clerk and walking boss/foreman jobs.
read morehiring & dispatchhiring & dispatch
working in coordination with its member companies, the association submits daily orders for waterfront labor at 29 ports and works in partnership with the ilwu to dispatch workers on day, afternoon and night shifts.
read morepayroll adminpayroll admin
pma processes weekly payrolls for more than 16,400 ilwu workers at 29 west coast ports. in 2023, wages totaled 2.20 billion.
read moresafety, training & securitysafety, training & security
workplace safety is a key consideration for the pma. the pma takes a collaborative approach to safety training and security at marine terminals and throughout the supply chain, leading accident rates to fall to all-time lows.
read more
ilwu benefits adminilwu benefits admin
pma collects assessments on payroll hours and revenue cargo to fund the employee pension and health care plans provided for by the ilwu-pma labor agreements.
read more
historic waterfront contract extension

“this first-of-its-kind contract extension through july 1, 2022 is great news for the maritime industry and the nation. it sets the stage for reliable and productive cargo operations for years to come, while continuing to provide ilwu workers with a very generous wage and benefits package. with this agreement in hand, pma looks forward to working with the ilwu to bolster the west coast waterfront’s standing as a leader both nationally and globally.”
pma ceo jim mckennaleadership team
the pma board of directors represents top carriers, stevedoring companies and terminal operators in the maritime shipping industry. the board guides the day-to-day work of the pma staff which is led by president and ceo james c. mckenna and a highly experienced executive team.
james c. mckennapresident & ceocraig e. eppersonsenior vice president
general counsel & secretarystephen hennesseysenior vice president
labor relations
& chief operating officermichael h. wechslersenior vice president
finance and administration
& chief financial officerlearn more about our management team



 
 







headquarters
555 market street, third floor
san francisco, ca 94105-5801
(415) 576-3200



office locations
job listings
disclaimer
 





casual draw results 




assessment rates 




meetings/calendar 



dispatch summaries 

 



view the report 

 
 
 





		© pacific maritime association 	

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link























go to top




