









wellcove | home
































































skip to content



























 
home
ltc now

assuricare
administrative services
claims administration
care management
risk evaluation


resources
contact
assuricare login

family / provider
insurer


 








 
















the nation’s  leading third-party administrator 






for senior market services & solutions







discover our services





































        your browser does not support the video tag.
    












tailored, cost-effective claim management solutions






from a tpa with 25+ years in the industry






as the nation’s leading third-party administrator (tpa) for comprehensive senior market services and solutions, our team of experts has a strong desire to further our advanced innovation in order to continue exceeding our clients’ expectations.
































the first major transformation






in ltc claims administration






wellcove’s ltc now platform allows you to manage long term care claims holistically, from an in-depth, automated review process to custom rule sets designed to accelerate payment to providers and more.
we're doing it better, faster, and more cost-effective than the competition.






don't believe us?







see for yourself
























our services




















transformative  admin solutions





 

 customized, efficient, and cost-effective 



 enhances customer experience 

 





discover admin services



















digital care management





 

 advanced tools that enhance appropriate care 



 referral teams and provider matching 

 





improve care management



















risk evaluation analytics





 

 expertise in senior market underwriting 



 proprietary in-house tools to aid in reducing fwa 

 





learn about risk mitigation



















automated claim administration





 

 advanced proprietary claims technology 



 eligibility determination, auto-adjudication & accurate payment processing 

 





view claims services























business process outsourcing  

















provider solutions  





























make informed eligibility decisions and significantly enhance administrative efficiencies with our suite of assuricare services.







learn more





















who we serve






wellcove partners with carriers to streamline benefits administration, ensuring seamless and efficient service for members. we also specialize in managing state retirement plans, delivering tailored solutions to meet the unique needs of retirees and provide peace of mind to their loved ones. our expertise and commitment to be at the forefront of industry innovation drives superior outcomes for all our clients.





















carriers


















state retirement plans


















reinsurers























success stories








“absolutely impressed by wellcove’s commitment to operational excellence and client satisfaction. the integration of advanced clinical tools showcases a forward-thinking approach to healthcare solutions.”






- wellcove partner




















resources to help you succeed






our extensive library of resources features whitepapers, case studies, videos, and industry insights. stay informed and ahead in the ever-evolving world of benefits administration.













flyer
assuricare services guide










flyer
medicare supplement technology











view resources

































improve efficiencies with the only cloud-native, all-encompassing long term care solution






let’s connect and discuss how we can transform your claims and care management systems for the better.







contact us













 




























it’s time to stop treading water












homeltc nowresourcescontact










menu 
homeltc nowresourcescontact











linkedin logo























4900 bayou blvd, suite 208 | pensacola, fl 32503
(850) 432-1700
©2024









privacy policy
terms of use
careers





















 
















