


the reformed reader - committed to historic baptist beliefs



















    committed to historic baptist & reformed beliefs







history


documents


library


biography


















 
			
   






 





quick links
    1599 geneva bible footnotes  
    authorized version
    daily nasb quote  
    daily baptist quote  
    international church directory
    baptist cameos
   baptist & reformed links
    baptist & reformed books
    baptist & reformed sermons
     baptist & reformed resources
     timeline of baptist history
     devotionals 
     contact  


throughout the ages, baptists have been known by different names, our doctrines are from the time of christ and though at times our beliefs have been controversial, even scorned from within our own denomination, there have always been  baptists who adhere to the sound teaching of god's word.
it is my sincere prayer that every baptist will make a renewed interest in knowing their history, rich in biblical theology and doctrine.  as thomas armitage plainly states, we cannot be baptists without the bible, therefore, to be a baptist, one must first be grounded in the word of god from which our lord commands each and everyone to give an account of our faith boldly,
sam hughey, the reformed reader














"we believe that the baptists are the original christians. we did not commence our existence at the reformation, we were reformers before luther or calvin were born; we never came from the church of rome, for we were never in it, but we have an unbroken line up to the apostles themselves. we have always existed from the very days of christ, and our principles, sometimes veiled and forgotten, like a river which may travel underground for a little season, have always had honest and holy adherents. persecuted alike by romanists and protestants of almost every sect, yet there has never existed a government holding baptist principles which persecuted others; nor i believe any body of baptists ever held it to be right to put the consciences of others under the control of man. we have ever been ready to suffer, as our martyrologies will prove, but we are not ready to accept any help from the state, to prostitute the purity of the bride of christ to any alliance with the government, and we will never make the church, although the queen, the despot over the consciences of men.  
— charles spurgeon (from the new park street pulpit, vol. vii, page 225).

historic baptist documents:

     from the reformed reader
    encouragement to use catechisms
    why creeds and confessions? 
    are creeds appropriate for baptists?
			 

"there never was a man in the world without a creed. what is a creed? a creed is what you believe. what is a confession? it is a declaration of what you believe. that declaration may be oral or it may be committed to writing, but the creed is there either expressed or implied."
—b.h. carrol
 
"i am persuaded that the use of a good catechism in all our families will be a great safeguard against the increasing errors of the times..."
—c. h. spurgeon
			 



 
  latest updates:
      reformed baptist church, japan      06.17.15
       ομολογî¯α πî¯στεως του 1689      04.18.15
    beijjing baptist church      04.15.15
      why am i a baptist?, thomas armitage, 1887      01.24.15
    confissão de fé batista de londres de 1677/1689      11.09.14
     la chequera del banco de la fe    1.10.13
     the sabbath in puritan new england    2.12.12
  

 in progress:

    the life & times of isaac backus
    sandy creek baptist association
    memorials of baptist martyrs



			 
 





early american baptists
  character of early baptist preachers,
			     part 1, 2, 3
  baptists and the american revolution
  america's religious freedom owed to ...  
  danbury baptists correspondence
  a baptist started the american revolution?
  the american baptists & constitutional liberty
  baptists and the revolutionary war
  a primer on baptist history
baptists and calvinism
   what is calvinism?
  more than a calvinist
  what is a reformed baptist?    
  what is an historic baptist?    
  what are the doctrines of grace? 
  what is calvinism's passion for men's souls    
  what is calvinism's effect on evangelism?    
  what is calvinism's relationship with sbc?    
  what is meant by t.u.l.i.p?
  will calvinism kill evangelism?
  the doctrines of grace
   conserving power of the doctrines of grace
  southern baptists & the doctrine of election
  calvinism and evangelical arminianism
  baptists & the sufficiency of scripture
  southern baptists at the crossroads
  reformation & controversy in the sbc
  baptist history out of focus
  calvinism and evangelical arminianism
  southern baptists & the doctrine of election
  a primer on baptist history
baptists & church discipline
   reforming a local church
   manual of church discipline
   a treatise on church order
   the glory of a true church
   treatise of church discipline
   true and orderly gospel church
   summary of church discipline
   church discipline
   lost, but recoverable
   1689 london baptist confession
   primitive baptists on church discipline
   pendleton's church manual
 





















the reformed reader home page 


copyright 1999, the reformed reader, all rights reserved 
















