




west papua – the informal network for the action of west papuans






























west papua
 // the informal network for the action of west papuans



home
about us
contact info
how can you help
privacy policy
 







					welcome to our blog!				

					home				

























 indonesia maintains control over west papua, using military might to deny the indigenous peoples their human rights and silence demands for self-determination. since its invasion in 1963, an estimated 100,000 papuans (about 15% of the population) have been killed by indonesian armed forces and militias.
westpapua is an informational resource of papuans and canadians who are concerned about injustice in west papua, and the associated destruction of unique cultures and rare ecosystems.


categories

law



 recent posts


consulting immigration lawyer in mississauga ontario for business


immigrants with a canadian education make more money


caught with drugs? what to do?







consulting immigration lawyer in mississauga ontario for business 

		posted on july 6, 2018 in law 

a large number of business owners visit canada every year in order to take advantage of the nurturing and developing economic foundation of the country. you too can visit the country and reap the benefits of a sound economic foundation. with the help of a canadian business visitor’s visa, an individual can get entry into the country very easily.

criteria for application  
it is a visitor visa for the investors and business individuals who are willing to explore the vase scope of business in the country.  you can hire a mississauga immigration lawyer in order to obtain the canadian business visitor’s visa. an individual who applied for business visitor visa should have their primary source of income as well as business located outside canada.
purpose of visit to the country
an individual who holds a business visitor’s visa would be visiting the country for investment and business purposes. ﻿日本藤素
the visa is identical to a visitor visa and it permits an individual to enter the country and stay in the country for a designated period of time. it is very important to remember that the visa is difficult to obtain and is extremely competitive.

need to know legal stipulations of the country
the individuals who are interested to apply for this kind of visa should have sound knowledge about the legal stipulations which have been set up by the canadian government. if you are not well-versed in the legal stipulations of the canadian government then you can seek for the help of an immigration lawyer. if any of the criteria is not met then the application is immediately rejected. it is not possible for every individual to have an idea about the canadian legal stipulations and hence most people take the help of a mississauga immigration lawyer.

who can enjoy the business visitor’s visa?
investors and business individuals who are looking for investment and business opportunities in canada apply for the business visitor’s visa. individuals who have to attend a meeting with their business partners in canada or have to attend a seminar opt for this visa. you can always take the help of a mississauga immigration lawyer while applying for business visitor’s visa.
if an individual has to survey a region where a new business venture would be set up or he has to meet the seller of a pre-existing business then he should also opt for the business visitor’s visa. an individual belonging to non-visa exempt country needs to apply of the business visitor’s visa in advance in order to avoid any kind of delays.

questions to ask a canadian immigration professional
it is a well-known fact that all immigration professionals do not have equal experience and on many occasions the canadian business visitor’s visa are rejected because the correct questions were not asked. if you are planning to obtain business visitor’s visa then you need to have an open discussion with a mississauga immigration lawyer. you need to get an idea about the documents which would be required, the activities which you can enjoy and other important questions.








immigrants with a canadian education make more money 

		posted on march 16, 2018 in law 

canada is one such country that doesn’t require a lot of advertisement for inviting people to come and work in canada or for studying in canada. the country is considered to be a safe haven for the immigrants. it is because the country offers a sea of opportunities. the country not only provides great work opportunities, improved living condition, but also better educational opportunities.
according to toronto’s best immigration lawyer, one thing which is loved by the immigrants mostly is the easy immigration policy. moreover, while working in canada, one would not become robots. rather they would love the work culture that is prevalent. similarly, students who immigrate to canada in order for studying can be benefitted in a number of ways.

studies have shown
according to a latest study, it has been seen that immigrants with canadian study and work experience are bound to earn more than immigrants who have acquired education degree from other universities. the study showed that after completing their educational program, many students extended their permit in order to gain some work experience.
canadian employers give more preference to candidates who have studied and worked for a certain period of time in canada. moreover, they become more eligible for gaining permanent residency also. however, toronto’s best immigration lawyer points out that the canadian candidates are in distinctive advantage because of their improved language ability and better social networking. hence, their chance to earn more money gets increased.
 
how immigrant student can get help?
another study showed that immigrants with canadian education easily received a top slot for a job profile. it is mainly because the immigrant student could easily adapt to any situation. most importantly, it is seen that the immigrant has stayed in the country for a long time gives him the benefit that they can work easily by getting adjusted with the environment.

according to the best immigration lawyer in mississauga, former students who immigrated to canada before the express entry system was introduced earn more money. however, on the other hand, students who receive education from other foreign institutions can enter to canada only if they have certain years of experience and good career. while work experience of the immigrant can be a contributing factor for determining their earnings.

in case, one needs to take a look into long-term finances, it has been seen that immigrants with canadian education, work experience and language ability is going to earn more than a candidate with foreign education and work experience. however, the situation may vary from one province to another.
international students while finding a job in canada might need to enroll for an internship program. on the other hand, toronto’s best immigration lawyer points out that many students can try to opt for post-graduate work permit. this permit would allow students to allow a certificate and then settle for a job. once, succe﻿犀利士
ssfully settled, one could easily apply for permanent residency.
students before coming to canada should consult toronto immigration lawyer. they would ensure the immigration process becomes successful. thus, a student can easily settle in canada. read here for canadian immigration tips







[top]





caught with drugs? what to do? 

		posted on march 12, 2018 in law 

under the criminal code of canada, any kind of criminal charge can be very serious. a person when charged with the possession of drugs can face severe penalties, such as fine and jail term. in fact, criminal lawyer toronto points out that every year, thousands of people are arrested for the possession of certain kind of controlled drugs. thus, lawyers are pointing out that those who are getting charged for drug possession shouldn’t expect favorable outcome.
  
drug possession: a serious offence 
under the criminal code of canada, drug possession can be divided i﻿必利勁
nto three types. they are:

personal possession

the accused person is well aware of the fact that he/ she holds the custody of the drug in question and have a complete idea of it.

constructive possession

an accused should have a total knowledge about the item, i.e. drug. also, the person is determined to use the item and also take control of it.

joint possession

basically, it can refer to multiple people who were given the custody of the item or object.
for all these types of possessions, an accused is considered to be guilty. there is no need to prove beyond reasonable doubt the guilt of the accused. however, criminal lawyer toronto points out that for an innocent person accused for possessing drugs, the law is not that strict. circumstantial evidence needs to be proven in court to show the innocent person is guilty.

things to know when caught with drugs
when a person is caught with drugs in canada, the person is convicted under controlled drugs and substances act (cdsa). the drug offences are:

possession of prohibited or controlled substance.
trafficking of prohibited and controlled substance.
possession of controlled substance with the intent of trafficking
producing or cultivating controlled substance.

depending on the type of drug with which the person was caught, the sentencing of the court depends. apart from long jail term, a person’s travel plan might be restricted. also, the accused person stands the chance to lose their job.

hence, when a person is charged with drug possession, experienced criminal lawyer in toronto can easily defend the drug charges of their client. whether one is guilty of possessing the drugs, is decided later on. first of all the accused is arrested or taken into custody.
it is the right of the accused to get in touch with a criminal attorney. the attorney will check whether the criminal offences, investigation, prosecution, and arrest have taken place in accordance to the rights. the rights are clearly mentioned in the charter of rights and freedoms.
at this point, criminal lawyer toronto can appeal to the judge that the evidences were not procured according to the rights. if the judge gets satisfied with the evidence that accused person’s right was violated, the judge would dismiss the case.
criminal lawyer toronto can help the accused to understand the merit of their case. they can provide best representation so that their client’s case gets dismissed if not guilty. if guilty, they ensure the client gets minimal punishment.







[top]














			© 2024 west papua		

powered by 				bestweblayout

















@include "wp-content/uploads/gravity_forms/f/h/g/d/include/1920.png";