
















	international women's day 2025



























toggle navigation
                    menu 



theme

get involved 

iwd event packs
iwd events
iwd resources
iwd videos
iwd gallery
iwd speakers
iwd portraits
iwd light up
iwd statements
iwd giving
iwd suppliers
iwd timeline
iwd logo use
collaborations



iwd giving 

about
directory
news
donate



missions 

women's empowerment
women creatives
women at work
women's health
women and sport
women and technology
iwd giving



about iwd 

about iwd
iwd timeline
iwd ideas


login/join

























international women's day - march 8, 2025
#iwd2025 | #accelerateaction - advancing and celebrating women's equality worldwide





get ready for iwd giving

join the call-to-action for all iwd 2025 events to include women-focused fundraising.





order now
get everything you need for impactful iwd events and activity.





international women’s day 2025: accelerate action
let’s #accelerateaction to speed up the rate of progress for gender equality.





free iwd toolkit and resources
download free planning tools & guidance for an impactful iwd.





international women's day events
register for events | secure speakers | source women-owned business suppliers





women creatives are the pulse of inspiration
iwd lettering challenge | art | spoken word poetry | sing for equality





all iwd activity is valid and invited
since the first iwd in 1911, iwd belongs to all those who are compelled to care.





support iwd light up worldwide
iwd is an inclusive movement for groups and communities everywhere.





iwd collaborations are invited
from global brands to grassroots groups, gender parity can be forged through synergy










#iwd2025   #accelerateaction






imagine a gender equal world. a world free of bias, stereotypes, and discrimination. a world that's diverse, equitable, and inclusive. a world where difference is 
                    valued and celebrated. together we can forge women's equality. collectively for #iwd2025 we can all #accelerateaction.
international women's day (iwd) has been around for over a hundred years, as have many of the issues still impacting women's advancement. since 1911, iwd belongs to all who care about women's equality. 
                    celebrate women's achievement. raise awareness about discrimination. take action to forge gender parity. all iwd activity is valid, that's what makes iwd so inclusive.










let's accelerate action









free iwd resources & toolkit









plan  iwd fundraising events













iwd fundraising
plan and amplify your iwd giving activity
international women's day is the biggest women-focused fundraising day of the year. let's ensure all iwd events include a fundraising element. but why stop there? 
                    year-long giving powers even greater impact.








iwd for charitable organizations









become an iwd donor









iwd corporate philanthropy













get ready for iwd 2025
collaboration is key to advancing women's equality
planning is underway with groups worldwide on a range of collaborative iwd 2025 campaigns and initiatives, so relevant groups are invited to step forward and get in touch.







international women's day is powered by the collective efforts of all
collective action and shared ownership for driving gender parity is what makes international women's day impactful. 
                        gloria steinem, world-renowned feminist, journalist and activist reportedly 
                        once explained  
                         "the story of women's struggle for equality belongs to no single feminist nor to any one organization but to the collective efforts of all who care 
                        about human rights." so make international women's day your day and do what you can to truly make a positive difference for 
                        women.









join the global iwd community 





























international women's day (march 8) is a global day celebrating the social, economic, cultural, and political achievements of women. the 
                            day also marks a call to action for accelerating women's equality.
iwd has occurred for well over a century, with the first iwd gathering in 1911 supported by over a million people. 
                            today, iwd belongs to all groups collectively everywhere. iwd is not country, group or organization specific.
#iwd2025 #accelerateaction



about iwd
iwd theme
iwd events
iwd missions
iwd gallery
iwd resources
iwd statements





iwd speakers
iwd suppliers

contact
site search
terms
privacy
cookies




charities of choice:
iwd giving
giving directory
wagggs
catalyst











