





banner maker pro - create any banner ad, web header, facebook banner, button, logo, mobile banner, image ad, animated gif or web graphic quickly and easily. design a banner in any size and add any image. free trial.























































what is banner maker pro?







      
		banner maker pro is software that
quickly (and easily!) allows you to create web-based banner ads, facebook 
		banners, web buttons, 
		web headers, animated gifs, logos, 
		image ads and other web graphics. it's not
just for banners. it's an animated banner ad maker, button maker, and logo maker 
		all in one -and it's just $39.99 for unlimited banner making.
 by
using a wizard-like interface, banner maker pro allows you to easily
create professional looking banners, buttons, and graphics for web
pages in just minutes. simply follow the tabs at the top of the program
to go step-by-step in the image making process. when you have completed
the image, just save it as a gif, jpeg, or png and add it
to your website.
create
an animated banner or button in under 5 minutes! no graphics expertise
needed. 

don't take our word for it. check out our sample
		banners, 
		buttons, and screen shots, or download
our free app for windows . 
new january 2024 - banner maker pro is now free!
 

if
you are not a graphics expert....
then
banner maker pro is for you. there is no easier way to make
web graphics.  it's a full featured graphics program with no
hidden templates, disappearing tools, or a long learning curve. and
it's all less than the cost of hiring a graphic artist.
if
you are a graphics expert....
banner maker pro is
for you, too. there is no faster way to make high quality web graphics.
with the power preview, there is no faster way to view hundreds of
different variations of your images.
watch this video to see how to make an animated banner in just 4 
	minutes.


 
benefits of
using banner maker pro


banner maker pro is the easiest way to make web graphics. you can create an animated banner in just 5 minutes with no graphic skills.

more customizable 
				than other online banner and button makers.


create any sized 
				image from 80 x 15 blog buttons to web headers that stretch across the 
				top of a web page.


add any image, 
				photo, or logo. all added images can be cropped, resized and blended 
				using transparency.

over 120 different 
				one-step animations. create your banner, choose your animation 
				and save. it's that easy.

more text effects 
				than any online banner maker - add borders and three types of shadows 
				(sharp, diffuse & glow). change the character spacing and transparency. 
				set the text at an angle. use any font on your computer. set the 
				text at an angle or wrap it around a circle. unicode text is 
				supported and all text uses anti-aliasing for clean and sharp 
				looking characters.

over 800
backgrounds and stand alone images.  backgrounds images are unique custom created backgrounds that cannot be found 
			anywhere else.  images
include over 40 different "click here!" buttons and 40 different common
window control images.  


undo and redo 
				changes. also, animations can be saved and edited later.


the power
preview allows you to view hundreds of different combinations of your
image with different backgrounds and fonts. 


compress your images 
			using the built in jpeg and non-animated gif cruncher.


shapes
- buttons can now be made from arrows, diamonds, hexagons, octagons,
				stars, and eight different types of tabs.  in addition, all shapes now include the ability to add
a shadow and/or an edge.


create html code 
				to place the banner on your website. in addition, you can create 
				code for a banner rotator with up to 10 images and create html 
				code to make mouse-overs.

































[home] [download] [screen shots] [sample 
	banners] [sample 
	buttons]
 [help & faq] [contact & about] [resources] 
	[gif cruncher] 
copyright © 2024 by gatordata, inc. all rights reserved.











