



	welcome to tipton iowa


























pay your bill





sign-up for notifications






















community
visit us
economic development
chamber of commerce
city of tipton









the city of tipton's outdoor warning system (sirens): the sirens will be tested on the first tuesday of the month at 10:00 a.m., between the months of march and november, depending on weather.tipton masonic cemetery: cemetery cleanup begins october 1st. please make sure all items are cleared off graves by this date.moving forward, all decorations must be on the base or the headstone.landscaping, including the planting of trees, bushes and perinnials is prohibited.closure: the city offices will be closed on monday, feb. 17th for presidents day. south garbage is moved to tuesday, feb. 18th and recycle moved to wed. feb 19th.job posting:(see: city of tipton, job postings)      part time, full time paramedicfair housing policy - (click here)city of tipton budget (see: 'city budget under 'city of tipton' above). 
































welcome to tipton

tipton is a community of approximately 3,200 residents nestled in the heart of eastern iowa and located amid the metropolitan areas of iowa city, cedar rapids and the quad cities. as the county seat, tipton is the center of the area with a vibrant downtown, growing business park and plenty of amenities to make it an enjoyable place to live, work and play. the quality of life for tipton residents is second to none with a highly regarded k-12 school system, quality child care, senior living options and beautiful and safe neighborhoods.  there are two medical clinics located in tipton, as well as a variety of other health care providers including dental clinics, an eye care center, chiropractors and physical therapists. tipton is abundant with retailers, professional service businesses and dining options. tipton offers discount stores and a full service grocery store. add to that list, pharmacy, flowers, coffee, clothing, furniture, baked goods, gifts and much more that serve the daily needs of tipton residents.  the tipton community has invested nearly $30 million in local infrastructure improvements. the most notable accomplishments include a new state-of-the-art fire station, new middle school, downtown streetscape project, new youth recreation fields, renovations of the elementary and high school, municipal airport expansion, and many street and utility improvements. no matter whether you are a resident, visitor or business we know you will enjoy all we have to offer!






upcoming events



jan24


                tipton recreation registrations open - soccer, baseball/softball & t-ball





> view community calendar














community
visit us
economic development
chamber of commerce
city of tipton


home
calendar
request information





think tipton!


copyright © tipton, iowa 2025. all rights reserved.







