






bellevue literary review – a journal of humanity and human experience




























































 



 
































 0

 




















a journal of humanity and human experience




 






table of contents

issue 47 







table of contents

issue 46 







table of contents

issue 45 




fiction


nonfiction


poetry


 




coming up next








join us february 28th at the producer’s club for a screening of “reading the body:  body politic,” our short poetry/dance film, a ‘scorsese spotlight’ selection at the north film festival. (in person)



learn more



join us march 27th for a blr booktalk with venita blackburn, author of dead in long beach, california, and blr editor suzanne mcconnell. (free, online)



rsvp for link





as featured on npr's morning edition








npr’s neda ulaby reported on blr‘s 20th anniversary, featuring blr editor danielle ofri, along with author celeste ng. long before celeste ng reached stratospheric popularity with everything i never told you and little fires everywhere, she was an emerging author, whose story “girls, at play” appeared in blr and then won a pushcart prize.



listen on npr 




whiting award winner








blr was awarded a whiting literary magazine prize for“excellence in publishing, advocacy for writers, and a unique contribution to the strength of the overall literary community.”



learn about blr's award





blr off the page









 



off the page

off the page: reading the body read more


 



 



off the page

off the page: a midnight encounter read more


 



 



roundtable

nursing & writing roundtable: part iii read more


 







discover more










poetry

price tag 
late june fields greening
under a mottled sky.
an oriole slashes orange
against a shingled cape cod.

 



poetry

the practice of cleaning 
my mother knows there are three / ways to be clean: to take a mess / that’s there and cover it…

 



off the page

interview: jack coulehan 
clinical care provides the subject matter for many of my poems, and some of the themes i explore in them – for example, empathy, compassion, uncertainty, loss, anger, and guilt – have driven a process of self-discovery that i think has made me a better doctor.

 



nonfiction

you know what she means 
and here is another thing you do not remember: your parents telling you that you have polio, and that they are taking you to st. margaret’s hospital in northridge.

 



nonfiction

given 
this must be the first harvest from our acreage: our young vineyard singing, the plastic, ribbed grow tubes that make little greenhouses for each of the young grape plants catching wind and, like a throat and its vocal chords, producing a note.

 



fiction

the liver nephew 
and so parker didn’t say no, but he didn’t say yes. he had conversations with his uncle’s physicians, both the primary-care doctor and the hotshot guy in charge of the transplant team, who spoke rapidly and repeated himself, a verbal twitching. the only clear thing that parker recalled from the conversation was the number two: two percent mortality rate among living donors.

 



poetry

bones 
big leg bones/
of cows sawed/
into round sections

 



fiction

a big empty 
we hadn’t talked since we left our west virginia homeplace over two hours ago, both of us teary-eyed

 



fiction

taxi ride 
it was around noon on a spring day in the month of may when ms. abedi appeared at the intersection of shahrara and sattar khan streets on the west side of tehran.

 








 




praise & recognition





 


``with every issue, bellevue literary review probes our understanding of the human body and mind in new ways. it is essential reading for anyone who deals with sickness and health, anyone interested in narrative medicine, anyone who simply needs a dose of deep grace and humanity.”


the oliver sacks foundation






“the editors have produced a journal of uncommon literary quality.”


– jama






“i subscribe and receive literally hundreds of magazines every year. of all those magazines, none stands out more than bellevue literary review.”


– virgil suarez
poet, artist, writer





“these two non-fiction pieces in blr are powerful, honest, and heartrending. they lifted me up because of the truths released onto the pages. both deal with problems our family is suffering through, so on a personal level, the authors are helping me grapple.”


– a reader






“blr's contents are at once practically instructive, and yet intangibly inspiring and utterly gripping. i can’t imagine my work as a writer, or a doctor, without it.”


– rafael campo
physician, poet





“after reading it cover to cover, i came away walloped by the breadth and depth of the pain it highlights.”


– the hastings center report






“no human thing is more universal than illness, in all its permutations, and no literary publication holds more credibility on the subject than bellevue literary review.”


– newpages.com






“a kaleidoscope of creativity. . . the selections are unsentimental and often unpredictable.”


– jama






“what is most impressive about blr, though, is how the editors can stretch their own boundaries.”


– small mag review






“ask any healthcare worker, ask any patient who has come back from illness and fear, and you will hear stories that might change your life. that's what blr offers.”


– cortney davis
nurse, poet





“blr is loyal to its theme but never constrained by it, uncovering boundless tonal and narrative possibilities as it contemplates the body as a physical entity, probes the manifestation of mental illness, or reckons with how the racialized and gendered body is perceived.”


– whiting literary prize committee






“blr is open to many modes and styles of work; it has no house style except humanity (though excellent editing doesn't hurt either).”


– rachel hadas
poet, writer, professor of english









 




 















subscribe
store
 








facebook 






twitter 






instagram 






youtube 






linkedin 
























about

about us
our history
masthead
our supporters
newsletter
contact us


the journal

issues
fiction
nonfiction
poetry
our picks
reading guides


blog

news
events
interviews
all


news & events
submit

general submissions
blr prizes


shop

blr store
books


donate
 subscribe
store
 


blr 2020 





facebook 






twitter 






instagram 






youtube 






linkedin 









 


















press esc to close









 




 




