









public relations producing results - pr/pr public relations for professional speakers, consultants, and non-fiction authors





























































































home
how we can help you

publicity coaching
article placements
podcast interviews
print media interviews
social media messaging


featured clients

testimonials


about us

sell yourself without saying a word


in the media
blog
contact us















 





 

 

the why, how, where, and when 
of gaining name recognition 
in front of your target market 

get the book 



 














pr/pr is a full-service boutique publicity agency specializing in professional speakers, consultants, and non-fiction authors.
we place our clients in front of their target audience through print media and online sources.











1 - trade / industry 

trade, industry, and association publications
 with pr/pr, your articles will be seen by top business people, which will help you gain name recognition on a national level…
[ read more ]







podcast interviews 

podcast interviews
how do you set yourself apart from your competition to garner those interviews in desired podcasts? at pr/pr, our goal is to ensure…
 
[ read more ]







3 - media interviews 

print media
interviews
each day, pr/pr publicity services calls on hundreds of editors and reporters in the print media at local, regional, national, and international levels…
 

[ read more ]







3 - social media 

social media
messaging
what are you currently doing to market yourself or your new book via social media? the marketplace is changing and you’ve got to change with it…
 
[ read more ]













comments from happy clients! 
“i do business with pr/pr because when they place my articles i get business”


~ elizabeth mccormick, speaker, former us army black hawk pilot, and author of the p.i.l.o.t. method; the 5 elemental truths to leading yourself in life.


“investing in pr/pr was one of the smartest things i’ve done! what a foot in the door this has made possible!”


~ mitzi perdue, celebrated speaker, businesswoman, and author of how to make your family business last.








from the blog…


it can drive you batty!


rest in peace, betty


resolve to give for others


give willingly but wisely


gratefulgiving


false words show true colors


authenticity of availability


stay your course


hot topics…

branding

business

current events

public speakers

publicity

social media messaging

uncategorized










please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.contact us today for a free consultation!
first name *last name *email *phone numberinterested in *boost my book salesraise my speaking feespublicity consultationtake my expertise nationalhandouts, pleasecomment or message *submit72096 











 
pr/pr is a full-service boutique publicity agency specializing in professional speakers, consultants, and non-fiction authors. we place our clients in front of their target audience through print media and online sources.
our clients are looking to gain name recognition through top-of-mind awareness in front of owners, executives, entrepreneurs and c-suite level business decision makers who can hire them for conventions, conferences, and corporate events. [ read more ]







 








connect with pr/pr 
            
pr/pr public relations
4046 n goldenrod rd #269
winter park, fl 32792
phone: (407) 895-8800

site search




25912











pr/pr public relations for professional speakers, consultants, and non-fiction authorscopyright © 2025 all rights reserved
		website by speakerwebsites.com





























