


































































the pantagraph | breaking news | | read bloomington, il and illinois breaking news. get latest news, events and information on illinois sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















4°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



state



politics




business



nation & world



education



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



scores



professional



betting




lifestyles


event calendar



local



milestones



submit a milestone



arts and theatre



limited



movies & tv



music



tv book



comics



games



columns



contests and promotions



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



faith




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




our publications


woodford county journal




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



i love a deal



bloomington public notice



woodford public notice




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

sports

opinion

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









4°
clear
























        
        
            bitter cold, possible snow ahead for central illinois this week

much of central illinois is in store for bitter cold and possible snow this week as meteorologists say a polar vortex is creating frigid conditions across the country. 

















        
        
            bloomington bison debut new goalie, fall to toledo walleye

a new day, new opponent and new goaltender didn’t change the outcome for the bloomington bison.


















        
        
            photos: bison debut new goalie, fall to toledo walleye

the bloomington bison debuted a new goalie, kasimir kaskisuo, but ultimately fell to the toledo walleye on sunday at grossinger motors arena. see photos from the game. 🏒 

















        
        
            illinois-indiana political divide widens amid trump 2.0

leaders of blue illinois and red indiana are divided on issues ranging from immigration to dei to lgbtq rights.

















        
        
            kingston: fiduciary advisers help with tax planning

because taxes and investments go hand in hand, fiduciary advisers can offer strategies to help minimize taxes.

















        
        
            see the latest mclean county building permits

who's building what, and for how much? see the latest local building permits.

















        
        
            samage teel does excessive damage for indiana state in mvc win over illinois state

redbirds slipped to 7-9 in the mvc.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            what is mclean county law enforcement's role in immigration?


















        
        
            bloomington bison debut new goalie, fall to toledo walleye


















        
        
            born at just 22 weeks, caliana bailey will mark her first birthday this week at home in normal















                
                the latest


















        
        
            100 years ago: washington's birthday party thrown at high school

how time flies is a daily feature looking back at pantagraph archives to revisit what was happening in our community and region. see today in history: 





















        
        
            central illinois neighbors: obituaries for february 17

read through the obituaries published today in the pantagraph. 





















        
        
            highlights: bloomington bison vs. toledo walleye, 2-16-25

the bloomington bison debuted a new goalie, kasimir kaskisuo, but ultimately fell to the toledo walleye 5-2 at grossinger motors arena on sunday, feb. 16, 2025. video courtesy of the bloomington bison. 




















        
        
            despite fear and risk, chicago advocates urge immigrants to keep court dates, ice appointments

“but it could be more devastating if they don’t go, because then a judge can issue a removal order,” said julie contreras, who leads united giving hope church in waukegan.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            at least 9 dead as winter storms batter us, kentucky sees major flooding, power outages, and rescues




















        
        
            highlights: bloomington bison vs. toledo walleye, 2-16-25




















        
        
            full interview: bloomington bison captain eddie matsushima, 2-15-25




















        
        
            bloomington bison's zack hoffman fights cylones' rhett parsons












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            illinois wesleyan men cast aside recent woes with dominant victory

iwu is 11-3 in conference play.




















        
        
            illinois wesleyan women steamroll millikin

titans clinch share of cciw title.




















        
        
            strong second half propels illinois state women past indiana state

the redbirds bounced back from two straight losses.




















        
        
            isu men head to indiana state; both iwu teams home to face cciw rival millikin

both isus are part of a congested middle of the pack in the missouri valley. mia smith’s titans would clinch a share of the cciw regular season championship and secure hosting privileges for the cciw tournament with a win.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.




















        
        
            roger dean chevrolet stadium provides the ultimate spring training fan experience

content by roger dean chevrolet. see your favorite athletes up-close during spring training at roger dean chevrolet stadium.




















        
        
            what’s next for ai relationships in 2030 in illinois?

affiliate content. explore what's next for ai relationships in illinois by 2030, focusing on technological advancements, ethical considerations, and societal impacts.












contributor








        
        
            a taste of italy: planning your feast of san gennaro dinner party

contributor content. if you've ever dreamed of bringing a slice of the feast of san gennaro into your own home, there's no better way to do it than by hosting a feast of san gennaro dinner.
















                
                opinion
                
                    


















        
        
            social security: ssa talks scams

rebecca rose, senior public affairs specialist in ssa’s office of inspector general’s division of communications, discusses social security scams and how to recognize them. 




















        
        
            camille taylor: students deserve to learn black history, diversity

camille taylor of not in our town bn weighs in on the value of black history and diversity, stating "knowledge is power."




















        
        
            varner: we are a family of immigrants

"immigration is today as hot and emotional as an issue can be, so let us examine a few issues with as cool an eye as possible," carson varner writes.




















        
        
            rich miller: 5 takeaways from madigan's federal conviction

columnist rich miller gives his take on the outcome of mike madigan's federal trial, just as former gov. rod blagojevich gains attention as a potential u.s. ambassador.













                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            copley electric



                                        800 ne 2nd street, atlanta, il 61723
                                    






















        
        
            central illinois roofing



                                        317 dewitt ave e, mattoon, il 61938
                                    






















        
        
            the school shop



                                        1224 townada ave #25, bloomington, il 61701
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















insurance





        
        
            miller insurance agency - ad from 2025-02-16
























service





        
        
            town of normal - cultural arts - ad from 2025-02-16
























accountant





        
        
            tax & accounting plus - ad from 2025-02-16





























×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram







subscribe to the pantagraph

contact us / subscriber services

activate your digital



sites & partners


home market

the limited

newspaper archives

woodford county journal

online features

get healthy




services


pay your bill

e-edition

advertise with us

work here

submit an event

submit your milestone (announcement)

submit a business achievement

become a carrier

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the pantagraph, 205 n. main st.  bloomington, il 61701
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























