






home page - showsecretary.com


















home


upcoming and active competitions


past competitions


forms/links


about


contact









            we use cookies and other similar technologies to improve your browsing experience. 
            by clicking "x", you consent to the storing
            on your device as described in our privacy policy.

            learn more.
            ×





 good afternoon
monday, 02/17/2025



please do not send entries with a signature needed for receipt. entries with signature required will incur an additional fee. 
visit the competition/show page to upload documents

        the usef entry agreement and waiver and release of liability are mandatory for entries at all usef recognized show.  to complete your entry, it should be emailed or upload with signatures and emergency contact number:
          usef entry agreement
  usef waiver and release of liability

news you can use...

2025 qualifying year - usdf qualifying fees are increasing to $20!!
12/1/2023 - all horses competing at usef training level (or the equivalent) and above must have, at a minimum, a usef horse id.  the usef lifetime or annual horse registration will satisfy this requirement. 
12/1/2022 - usef show pass faqs - riders and owners are now only eligible for one (1) show pass (or non member fee) per year.  and this fee must be purchased online from usef.  the show pass is only good for one competition.  trainers and coaches are no longer eligible to be non members or use a show pass.  trainers and coaches must be members and this includes parents that sign as trainers and coaches.
12/1/2020 - dressage equitation and materiale classes - two numbers (min. 3”x5”) must be provided to these riders and they must be positioned on each side of the saddle pad to be clearly visible at all times.
12/1/2019 - in order to enter a freestyle class at any level, a horse/rider combination must have received a minimum score of 63% for training through fourth levels and 60% for fei levels in the highest test of the declared freestyle level or any test of a higher level at a usef/usdf licensed dressage competition, federation licensed or fei recognized dressage competition, or “open” dressage class (i.e. open to all breeds) at a federation licensed competition held prior to the competition where the horse/rider combination is entered to ride a freestyle class.
1/1/2019- mandatory usef safesport training
usef and usdf membership and horse registration requirements
dressage show protocol - show information on membership, registrations, etiquette, etc.
information on entering a usef/usdf recognized competition

newsletter
get the latest updates by subscribing to showsecretary.com updates




email


















            © 2023 - showsecretary - privacy -
            refund













