



	ukmi








































 ukmi



 contacts


 resources
                                    

enquiry answeringincident reporting in medicines information (irmis)key performance indicatorslegal and ethical guidancemidatabankmidbonline steering groupnew to mi?our resourcespatient helpline materialpeer reviewquality and risk management groupquality and risk management group (qrmg) highlightsrecommended resource lists and toolsstandards and auditukmi discussion boardukmi standard operating procedures and risk managementuseful linksuser satisfaction survey



 training
                                    

trainingtraining resources on mi skillsprofessional development for pharmacists in medicines informationthe national medicines information training course (nmitc)how to apply for the next nmitcthe medicines information and advice training programme (miatp)ukmi workforce development working group (wdwg)conferencefrequently asked questions about the conferencepeter golightly award50th ukmi conference 202549th ukmi conference 2023posters - 2025 conference48th ukmi conference 202247th ukmi conference 202146th ukmi conference 202045th ukmi conference 201944th ukmi conference 2018



 about
                                    

about us
contact us



 systems
                                    

  admin
admin





 search

















nominations are now open for the 2025 peter golightly award! 
the nomination form is here and needs to be submitted by 12 noon on 3rd jan 2025 – don’t delay, nominate!





registration open for 50th ukmi conference!
join us in cardiff on 23rd -24th january 2025.  this is ukmi's 50th conference, and it is also 50 years since what was then uk drug information was founded. details here




previous



next






 uk medicines information (ukmi)
ukmi supports the safe, effective and efficient use of medicines by providing evidence-based medicines advice and information.medicines information (mi) services are usually based within secondary care nhs trusts and are provided primarily by pharmacists and pharmacy technicians with clinical expertise and particular skills in locating, assessing and interpreting information about medicines.some mi services have rebranded themselves as medicines advice (ma) services to better reflect the clinical advisory nature of their outputs, and currently both nomenclatures are in use.


 ukmi annual conference
ukmi organise an annual conference for pharmacy professionals working in the field of mi. the annual event encourages networking, practice sharing and development. go to ukmi conference.




join the ukmi network
join our supportive network to keep up to date with all things ukmi, and link in with other healthcare professionals working in this sector. applications are welcome from healthcare staff who have medicines information/advice as a component of their role. please join as an individual using your personal work email address. an mi dept. email address can be used (if preferable for communications) but only for one individual (more than 1 person cannot register with the same email address).


 training
ukmi produce a range of training material and run several training courses.
 go to training.




 running an mi service
ukmi produce a wide range of resources to help with running an mi service.go to resources.


 mi services directory
click on the following link for details of mi services in the uk. go to ukmi contacts.














                        © 2025 - ukmi medicines information
                    

ukmi accessibility statement







