











	streaming media producer - where online video production is a profession
























streaming media

















home
u.s. site
europe site 
subscribe

magazine
sm digital edition
newsletters

rss feeds


articles

news
featured
"what is..."
sponsored articles
industry announcements
magazine
blog


video

streaming media tv
conference videos
almost live interviews

video tutorials



topics


4k/hd production/gear


audio


concert/performance video


corporate/commercial video


drone/aerial video


editing/postproduction


educational video


encoding/streaming


lighting


live switching/webcasting


sports video


vr and 360° video


worship video




resources

streaming media app
industry directory
forums
discussion lists
white papers
industry whitepapers
"what is..."
jobs
industry announcements


web events
conferences

streaming media connect 2024
streaming media nyc
past conferences


about

what is streaming?
about smp
smp media kit
contact us
how to advertise
editorial calendar
editorial submissions
reprints
press release submissions
























         



















            featured video










            get the latest news!

email




smp focus newsletter
more info 



smp bulletin
more info 



smp live event news
more info 

















                news
            


panopto certifies magewell usb, pcie and m.2 capture devices for high-performance video ingest


magewell's usb capture, usb capture plus, pro capture and eco capture families officially endorsed for use with panopto video management solutions



aja unveils ki pro go2 multi-channel hevc/avc recorder ahead of infocomm 2024

ahead of infocomm 2024 in las vegas, aja video systems announced ki pro go2, the next generation of its ki pro go multi-channel hd/sd recorder.



sonnet announces solo2.5g™ pcie® card


value-priced pcie adapter card adds instant 2.5 gigabit ethernet connectivity to windows and linux computers with an available pcie card slot



rackspace technology cloud solutions transforms video content management for young hollywood


new cloud environment delivers transformative results, enabling new video monetization and distribution opportunities


... more news













streaming mediamagazine
november/december 2024

subscribe



current issue
past issues






review: magewell director mini 3.0

third-party cookies and edtech

how will ai change your streaming business?

why ad tech is becoming smarter than ad buying

siriusxm evp and cpo joe inzerillo talks satellite and streaming delivery and personalization





current digital edition






                featured articles
            


adobe and editors' content: what's mine is mine, and i mean it


by anthony burokas | as i write this, adobe is currently navigating some interesting content ownership & usage issues.



the lure of new gear

by anthony burokas | as the march of new tech accelerates, it begs the question: do we wait a bit to see what new gear can offer, or do we go with what's available now, even if might seem a bit older



smnyc 2024: grabyo's clare butler talks cloud streaming services and pricing models

by tyler nesler | streaming media's tim siglin interviews grabyo's clare butler at streaming media nyc 2024. she highlights that grabyo is not geographically bound and caters to anyone working in the live space, including news broadcasters, sports clubs, and entertainment producers. she also emphasizes the cost-effectiveness of cloud solutions, noting that cloud technology is now at parity with on-prem solutions, offering features like instant replay and scte-35 ad insertions.



producing niche online video content: a guide to authenticity and connection

by stjepan alaupovic | in a world where digital landscapes are overflowing with content, carving out your niche in the online video ecosystem can seem like navigating a maze. as someone deeply invested in creating purposeful and original content, i've come to appreciate the art of crafting niche online videos. let's delve into this topic by exploring the best practices that set you apart and foster genuine connections with your audience. 



crafting compelling brand narratives: harnessing events and trends in online video content

by stjepan alaupovic | in the crowded digital content landscape, it can take time to capture and retain the audience's attention. brands are encouraged to continually feed the algorithm beast and produce current and relevant content. within online video, there lies a golden opportunity: leveraging current events and trending topics to craft compelling narratives with video content.



nab 2024: adobe talks premiere pro ai-powered audio workflow updates

by marc franklin | adobe senior product manager kylee peña discusses and demos new audio workflow updates in premiere pro designed to save time and reduce mouse usage in this interview with streaming media's marc franklin in the adobe booth at nab 2024.



nab 2024: blackmagic design talks ursa cine 12k, davinci resolve 19, constellation 4k switchers and more

by marc franklin | blackmagic design director of sales operations bob caniglia discusses key features of blackmagic's new ursa cine 12k, davinci resolve 19, 4k switchers, and more in this interview with streaming media's marc franklin from the blackmagic design booth at nab 2024.



nab 2024: jvc talks new ptz cams and 12-channel vmix studio switcher

by marc franklin | jvc's alicia reed discusses key features of jvc's ky-pz510 and ky-pz540 ptz cams--including extra-narrow zoom, super-wide angle, and smart auto-tracking--as well as jvc's new 12-channel vmix studio switcher with ndi, srt, and sdi support in this interview with streaming media's marc franklin from the jvc booth at nab 2024.



nab 2024: shure talks new movemic, slx-d portable and more

by marc franklin | shure's russ shelfman discusses new audio production developments from shure including the new movemic, slx-d portable mic, the mv7+ radio and podcast mic, and more in this interview with streaming media's marc franklin from the shure booth at nab 2024.



nab 2024: panasonic talks new 4k ue30 ptz, lumix s5 ii/x, and kairos live production platform

by marc franklin | in this interview from the panasonic booth at nab 2024, panasonic connect director of product management chris merrill and streaming media's marc franklin discuss panasonic's new 4k ue30 ptz cam, the lumix s5 ii/x, smpte 2110 support, and new developments in panasonic's kairos liver production platform.



nab 2024 tech talk: western digital's christina garza talks high-capacity storage

by marc franklin | in this interview from the western digital booth at nab 2024, streaming media producer's marc franklin talks with western digital director of product marketing christina garza about wd's latest 4tb sandisk sdxc cards and 24tb hard drives.



nab 2024: allen & heath talks cq series digital audio mixers

by shawn lam | allen & heath marketing specialist richard starr gives viewers a close-up look at allen & heath's cq series digital audio mixers with their touchscreen and physical controls, automatic mic mixer, presets for conferences, garage bands, and more, and remote operation capabilities in this interview with streaming media's shawn lam from the allen & heath booth at nab 2024.



nab 2024: ptzoptics talks hive studio and remote camera control

by shawn lam | ptzoptics director of technology matthew davis discusses hive studio, ptzoptics new cloud-based remote camera control solution, in this interview with streaming media's shawn lam at nab 2024.



nab 2024: vmix talks vmix 27 and zoom integration

by shawn lam | among the key features of vmix 27 are zoom integration, enabling remote streaming producers to bring in (theoretically) an unlimited number of remote guests, vmix senior systems engineer heath barker reports in this interview with streaming media's shawn lam in the vmix booth at nab. barker also does a quick hands-on demo of how the feature works.


... more featured articles









































































streaming media web events



                    march 20: nab streaming solutions

 

                    april 10: optimising content delivery for impact and efficiency - europe-friendly timing

 

                    june 3: sports streaming tech breakthoughs


... more web events















                        top 10 most popular articles



                        recently posted openings

junior and intermediate technical support specialist
haivision 

senior software engineer – video processing
logmein

streaming engineer
tidal music as

haivision systems inc.
haivision 

haivision systems inc.
haivision 

project manager
neulion

mid-level javascript/native mobile developer
realeyes media

web conference / webcast producer
teampeople



                        latest from the forums













                            inside streamingmedia.com
                        


about sm producer
blog
sm magazine
sm digital edition
streaming media app

conference videos
video tutorials
readers choice
press releases
web events




newsletters
industry news
sm white papers
industry white papers
forums
discussion lists
industry directory
industry jobs
about us
contact us
what is streaming?





        topics
4k/hd production/gearconcert/performance videodrone/aerial videoeducational videolightingsports videoworship videoaudiocorporate/commercial videoediting/postproductionencoding/streaminglive switching/webcastingvr and 360° video



                            other iti sites
                        

streaming media
streaming media europe
destinationcrm
enterprise ai world
faulkner information services
online searcher
information today
information today europe
kmworld
smart customer service
speech technology
unisphere research




                    © 2000 -
                2025, streamingmedia.com, an information today, inc. (iti) company
[privacy policy]







