





fishing finatics - santini tube lure















































fishing finatics


santini tube lure












home


online store


about

about santini tube
meet pete santini



instruction & charters

fishing instruction
charters
sportfish galapagos



tournaments


photo galleries

bass & bluefish
cod, flounder, fluke, seabass and tautog
tuna, billfish and sharks
tv shows & magazines



directions


links


































 

we manufacture the patented "deadly" santini tube lure.

the #1 striped bass lure in the world. this is the reel deal!!!
order online











 

welcome to fishing finatics where we turn beginners into experts!

my name is pete santini owner/operator of the busiest bait shop in boston. let me help you become a better fisherman or fisherwoman. that's what i've been doing for over four decades. now is great time to enjoy america's favorite sport. fishing is really a bargain when you think of what other activities cost and the benefits are fresh air, sunshine, peace and quiet. you can also put a little dinner on the table. i carry everything you need to catch fresh and saltwater fish. let my years of experience help you, your kids, anyone become a better fisherman.











 

baits for sale:




freshwater night crawlers 
saltwater seaworm (reg. & select) 
dillies 
sea clams (pint & gallon) 
troutworms 
fresh atlantic herring 
mealworms 
frozen vacuum pack herring 
shiners 
pogies (fresh & frozen) 
frozen mackerel (sometimes fresh) 
grass shrimp (during smelt season) 
eels (live and frozen)


my shiners small-medium-large-extra large and pike bait are the best in the state. my bait tank is a converted lobster tank with just the right filters and water chemistry and temperature. customers have been coming back for since 1992 saying they can't believe how my shiners are so lively and live so long even in the heat of the summer. we have the best seaworms both local and from maine and we never run out. we go through tons of seaworms and i have many suppliers.













 

one stop shopping!
buy zobo rigs online
custom rigs:




santini tubes (bass & blue)
rigged jig (bottom fish)
deep divers
zobo rig (flounder & fluke)
pete's pogy pulverizer
stellwagen sluggos
pelican green teaser (cod & haddock)
floating squid bars
butterfly jigs
custom made flutter rigs
9er rigs
boston massacre rigs
custom bass plugs - wahachi
shimano tiagra 130's
saragosa spinning reels
custom made rods



gear:


bait buckets
bioedge baits
crab traps
fluorocarbon leaders
fresh & saltwater combos
handlines
hooks
jitterbugs
knives
line crimps
lures
pliers
power baits
rapalas
roostertails
salmon eggs
scalers
senkos
shomano and daiwa reels
sinkers
spinnerbaits
st. croix spinning rods
stand up tuna combos
stringers
swivels
trout, bass, saltwater flies
yozurri poppers


top quality line winding. we spool reels for giant tuna:
jerry brown line one hollow core spectra
jinkai mono













 


everett store
open march through december
please call store 617-381-1997 or check google listing for hours.

directions 
90 main st. 
everett, ma 02149


we accept credit cards for a deposit as well as payment of goods at store . hablamos espanol amigos, parliamo italiano. special orders available. i can get you anything fishing related on the planet.











 

charters
if you need to book a charter, i can refer you to the best around. your time is valuable when you fish so let me steer you in the right direction i will give you up to date info as i have a great network of friends, customers and associates that share info with me. my shop is the command post for planning your attack on boston harbor fish. these captains really know how to fish and they have the years of experience to show for it. if your going to fish, go with these guys. i am available to fish on these boats listed as a tuna mate instructor. if you wish to hire me, the price is $300 in addition to the charter price this is tuna and offshore bottom fishing only.  











 

fishing instruction
pete santini is available for on-the-water fishing instruction on your boat. learn first hand from pete's 40 years of fishing experience.
click here for more info












 

gift certificates available











 





pete santini has been a guest speaker for the seminar series for saltwater sportsman magazine and is also available to conduct seminars for your club.













 





a boston igfa representative













 





we are the only
accurate fishing tackle dealer
in the boston area.












for more information contact:

fishing finatics 
90 main st. 
everett, ma 02149 
tel: 617-381-1997







back to top ↑


















