



custom handmade furniture handcrafted by joel liebman 








































































































custom furniture









































































if you don't see exactly what you have in mind, we can design it together.















professional  shipping anywhere.











furniture collection galleries




































desks

















beds

















night & end tables

















chairs, stools & benches


































art deco

















computer desks

















dining tables

















dressers & wardrobes



































audio/video furniture

















hall tables













coffee tables

















built-ins / bookcases




























available for custom furniture reproductions
























mid-century modern


























web site designed and built by joel  liebman

















custom handcrafted furniture
founded in 1989, joel liebman furniture designs and handcrafts exquisite custom furniture for the home 
                                                or office. from signature statement desks and elegant office furnishings to fine bedroom sets, dining room sets and entertainment centers, audio cabinetry, computer workstations and custom built-ins, 
                                                joel liebman can design and build any type of fine furniture from the world's most beautiful woods. 
 
formally trained at the genoa school of furniture design, joel liebman's award winning work represents a unique 
                                                and distinctive style and an enduring commitment to quality handcrafted workmanship that will enhance the beauty and functionality of wherever you live and work.
 
joel is available for commissioned pieces in a range of period styles that include arts & crafts, shaker, art 
                                                deco, art nouveau, and contemporary, or will be happy to work with you to adapt a custom design from existing works or presented design concepts.
 
joel's work has been featured in newspapers and magazines. by employing the benefits of the internet, it is 
                                                possible to collaborate on the design and creation of a custom piece of furniture from just about anywhere in the world – with total confidence that you will receive a finished piece you will 
                                                be proud to own.
 
all pieces shown on the website are available for custom reproduction. all furniture is created one piece at a time 
                                                entirely by joel liebman himself in his studio outside northampton, massachusetts, employing a variety of materials and finishes to suit virtually any taste and design criteria. delivery can be 
                                                arranged throughout north america and to many locations worldwide, with custom delivery and setup available throughout most the  united states.
 
joel liebman furniture is happy to work with interior decorators, interior designers, architects
and many others in the furnishing and design trades to design and build a custom pieces of furniture 
for your clients.











joel also offers furniture repair and furniture refinishing for western mass.
click here














































two publications featuring joel liebman's work.








click on pictures









 

















dog furniture



































all pieces shown are available for "custom" reproduction including 

dimensions, choice of woods and even design. joel 
                                                would be happy to work with you to design the exact piece you are looking for. 











for price list click here.

























































home


gallery 1


gallery 2


arts and crafts 



gallery 4


new gallery



mid century 


art deco





























update
december 2023














contact info:    joel liebman furniture  8 plaza ave. easthampton ma.   413-527-6320

email for questions and prices:  
joel@jlfurniture.com
.























shop dog
gallery















