



sbas | welcome to the society of black academic surgeons



































































jump to page content


membership portal
join sbas
donate
menu







contact
job announcements



















about sbas mission, vision & values
history
current officers
honorary fellows
past presidents
sbas institutional members
membership benefits for institutions
sbas committees
donate to the sbas foundation

annual meeting the thirty-fourth annual sbas meeting
upcoming annual meetings
call for abstracts
recent meeting highlights
previous sbas meetings & program books

surgeons overview
membership benefits for surgeons
sbas leadership and faculty development institute program 
peer review – best practice videos

residents overview
membership benefits for residents
useful resources for residents
residents and fellows committee
peer review – best practice videos

students overview
how to join
membership benefits for students
faq
peer review – best practice videos

media what’s happening now
press releases
in the news
news archive
surgeon spotlight
photo galleries
videos
community outreach

join sbas
membership portal
join sbas
donate




























































save the date! – the thirty-fifth annual sbas meeting
september 18–21, 2025  |  hosted by the medical college of wisconsin, department of surgery
we look forward to your contributions in basic science and clinical research.

more information coming soon!





a coffee with  dr. t. salewa oseni – screening recommendations for breast cancer
save the date! – february 18, 2025 at 8:00 am est. watch for free at www.aischannel.com »

t. salewa oseni, md facs, is an associate professor at the department of surgery, rutgers new jersey medical school and the director of multicultural affairs. she is also affiliated with the rutgers cancer institute of new jersey.
all past sbas ais discussions can be watched on-demand through our new sbas ais channel »
webinar – save the date – march 18, 2024
		dr. leah m. backhus presents bringing precision oncology to lung cancer surveillance.
join the nci office of cancer survivorship (ocs) for this ocs director’s series webinar on march 18. dr. leah m. backhus will present bringing precision oncology to lung cancer surveillance. … read more »
a coffee with dr. vincent reid – tackling melanoma
save the date! – january 24, 2025 at 8:00 am est. watch for free at www.aischannel.com »

vincent reid, md, facs, fics, fsso, is the chairman of surgery at mercy medical center in cedar rapids, iowa, and a board member of the iowa cancer consortium.
all past sbas ais discussions can be watched on-demand through our new sbas ais channel »
a coffee with dr. fiemu e. nwariaku – adrenal tumors
save the date! – november 18, 2024 at 8:00 am est. watch for free at www.aischannel.com »

fiemu e. nwariaku, md, facs, mba specializes in endocrine surgery and has a keen interest in caring for patients with diseases of the thyroid, parathyroid, adrenal and pancreas.
all past sbas ais discussions can be watched on-demand through our new sbas ais channel »
evolving colon and rectal cancer screening guidelines
save the date! – september 2, 2024 at 9:00 am est. watch for free at www.aischannel.com »

dr. luz maria rodríguez is a board-certified general surgeon and a dual fellowship-trained surgical oncologist and colorectal surgeon.
all past sbas ais discussions can be watched on-demand through our new sbas ais channel »
a comprehensive review of surgical disparities in the vulnerable communities of the usa: the black community – part ii
save the date! – april 30, 2024 at 8:00 am est. watch for free at www.aischannel.com »

sbas statement on scotus ruling on students for fair admissions, inc., against harvard college and the university of north carolina
health care inequities based on race and ethnicity are artificial barriers to receiving excellent surgical care. the society of black academic surgeons (sbas) is committed to our mission of improving health, advancing science, and fostering the careers of black and other ethnically underrepresented in medicine (urim) surgeons because building an excellent surgical workforce that reflects our country’s diverse backgrounds and perspectives helps transcend artificial barriers to care. … read the complete statement »
sbas statement on the supreme court ruling dobbs v. jackson women’s health
members of the society of black academic surgeons (sbas) stand in solidarity with everyone who understands, fears, and will experience the negative effects of the supreme court decision in the dobbs v. jackson women’s health ruling. this unfortunate action comes at a critical point in time when our nation is in the early stages of learning how to make a real commitment to achieving a diverse healthcare work force to improve care for all. as such, this ruling only serves to further exacerbate existing poor health outcomes among black women by negatively affecting access to safe and equitable healthcare including abortion. sbas strongly opposes any judicial ruling or legislation that takes away healthcare rights; dictates the doctor-patient relationship; criminalizes health providers; and stands in the way of high-quality care for women and underrepresented groups. … read the complete statement »


meeting information


call for abstracts
annual meeting information

2024 program at a glance preview
2024 sbas promotion and progress institute agenda
2023 meeting highlights


recent meeting highlights
previous sbas meetings



 
 scroll down









sbas institutional members  |  view all members »









































 
 scroll down









surgeon spotlight
dr. lisa mcelroy – sbas march surgeon spotlight
the society of black academic surgeons recognizes and congratulates dr. lisa mcelroy!


lisa mcelroy, md, ms
kidney/pancreas transplant surgeon, liver transplant surgeon, pediatric kidney transplant surgeon
duke university school of medicine
assistant professor of surgery, onyekwere e. akwari assistant professor of surgery, assistant professor in population health sciences
view bio »
her recent accomplishments include:

k08 to improve racial equity in access to organ transplant
honored as the inaugural onyekwere e. akwari endowed professor in surgery
https://medschool.duke.edu/news/school-medicine-establishes-onyekwere-e-akwari-endowed-professorship-lisa-mcelroy-named


view more surgeon spotlights »
 
 scroll down






media center  |  view all »



 february 04, 2025
a coffee with  dr. t. salewa oseni – screening recommendations for breast cancer

 january 24, 2025
webinar – save the date – march 18, 2025 – ocs director’s series – dr. leah m. backhus presents bringing precision oncology to lung cancer surveillance

 january 21, 2025
a coffee with dr. vincent reid – tackling melanoma

 november 12, 2024
a coffee with dr. fiemu e. nwariaku – adrenal tumors

 
recent videos  |  view all »
navigating productivity in the time of covid19

2018 sbas uab meeting highlights from dr. hassan a. tetteh on vimeo.2018 sbas uab meeting highlights
 
 scroll down







opportunities  |  surgeons · residents · students



job announcements  |  view all » 





 








get social  











tweets by societyofbas 



 
 return to top








© society of black academic surgeons. all rights reserved.
sbas does not survey our membership on behalf of individuals or other organizations.


join  |  renew your membership  |  contact





























