





































































wisconsin state journal| breaking news and sports | read madison, wi and wisconsin breaking news. get latest news, events and information on wisconsin sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















20°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























sites


wisconsin state journal



cap times



wiscnews.com




news


local



crime



politics



education



state & regional



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


letters



editorial



columnist



cartoon




sports


high school



badgers



brewers



bucks



packers



professional




badgerextra


football



men’s basketball



women’s basketball



men’s hockey



women’s hockey



volleyball



recruiting



history




lifestyles


arts & theater



events calendar



food & dining



music



movies & tv



comics



puzzles



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



faith



contests



play




business


economy



employment



health care



personal finance




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


cap times e-edition



wisconsin state journal e-edition



e-edition archives



display ads



circulars




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



deals



shop local



promotions



public notices



marketplace



display ads



wisconsin public notices




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



activate full access



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

dining

public notices

cap times

wiscnews

jobs









20°
cloudy
























        
        
            3 things that stood out as wisconsin men's hockey loses its 5th straight game

the badgers broke a 5-on-5 scoring drought but one goal was all they could muster in losing at no. 8 ohio state to extend a late-season skid.

















        
        
            how packers can learn from super bowl-champion eagles heading into 2025 campaign

philadelphia's title run provided multiple lessons that green bay can use as its gps toward a deeper playoff run next season. here are five things the packers can emulate. 

















        
        
            madison-area schools offer a lot of language immersion programs, but it's hard to get in one

it's open enrollment time in wisconsin school districts, and language immersion programs are a big draw.

















        
        
            snowman enters spelling bee in this week's you toon caption contest

fill in the caption with a clever quip by wednesday and win publication of your line with the cartoon in next sunday’s newspaper. you’ll also receive a signed print of the cartoon by artist phil hands. 

















        
        
            candidate q&a: fitchburg city council, district 3, seat 5

responses to the wisconsin state journal's candidate questionnaire. the primary is feb. 18.

















        
        
            friday snowstorm update: 'your evening commute will be difficult'

the heaviest snowfall is expected to hit madison during the friday evening rush hour.

















        
        
            candidate q&a : madison city council, district 12

responses to the wisconsin state journal's candidate questionnaire. the primary is feb. 18.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            another snowstorm poised to hit wisconsin friday into saturday. see how much may fall


















        
        
            18-year-man killed, 16-year-old boy wounded in thursday night shooting in madison


















        
        
            3 things that stood out as wisconsin men's hockey loses its 5th straight game
















                
                the latest



















        
        
            southern wisconsin neighbors: obituaries for february 15

read through the obituaries published today in madison.com. 





















        
        
            southern wisconsin neighbors: obituaries for february 14

read through the obituaries published today in madison.com. 





















        
        
            february 13 recap: southern wisconsin news you may have missed today

thursday's news: what you missed while you were at work. 




















        
        
            rock county jury finds man guilty in 2018 attack that left woman in nursing home using wheelchair

dwayne goodrich, 52, was found guilty of aggravated battery, obstructing and disorderly conduct and will be sentenced on may 1.












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 




















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 





















                
                latest video



















        
        
            get a glimpse inside madison homes for sale




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit




















        
        
            the day after: 'robust post-war reintegration plan critical for sustainable free democratic ukraine'




















        
        
            doge website lacks detailed records despite musk’s 'maximally transparent' promise












                
                badgerextra: premium uw sports coverage




















        
            get to know wisconsin women's basketball's ronnie porter

a former walk-on from a state a few hours west has emerged as one of the top players for the badgers this year. 





















        
            get to know wisconsin women's basketball's halle douglass

a university of wisconsin basketball legacy player has left her mark as a badger. get to know this graduate guard from across state lines. 





















        
            get to know wisconsin men's tennis player patrik meszaros, a hungarian native

a new addition to the university of wisconsin men's tennis program is already making an impact on the court. get to know this international freshman from budapest, hungary. 





















        
            4-star recruits among those expected for wisconsin football junior day this weekend

the badgers plan to welcome around 10 athletes who are receiving plenty of interest from power four programs throughout the country.  













                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            wisconsin men's basketball star guard earns more national award recognition

the graduate guard continues to shine for the badgers, leading to even more national honors.




















        
        
            wisconsin football's newest quarterback on transitioning to a new offense, transfer portal

a familiar trend is set to continue with a transfer quarterback taking the reins of the badgers' offense. hear from the program's newest signal-caller on his initial thoughts and more.




















        
        
            polzin: wisconsin men's basketball has chances to improve already solid ncaa tournament profile

the badgers are projected as high as a no. 3 seed with four weeks remaining until selection sunday. a trip to milwaukee for the opening weekend is now within reach.





















        
        
            photos: madison la follette hosts sun prairie east in big eight conference boys basketball tilt

photos of the lancers and cardinals meeting in a big eight conference game on friday, feb. 13 at la follette high school. 













                
                listen now podcasts



















        
        
            listen to top stories today from the wisconsin state journal




















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            'elsbeth' becomes a family affair for carrie preston

carrie preston didn’t think her husband, actor michael emerson, was interested in her series, “elsbeth.” now he has a recurring role on the cbs whodunit.




















        
        
            could obesity drugs help with alcohol cravings? new study suggests potential

a new study suggests that medications that have transformed the treatment of obesity may also help people drink less alcohol. 




















        
        
            tiktok returns to apple and google app stores in the us

tiktok was removed from apple and google's app stores on jan. 18 to comply with a law that requires bytedance to divest the app or be banned in the u.s.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









contributor








        
        
            navigating homeownership as a pro athlete: a financial guide

provided content. athletes should approach buying a home strategically to align with their financial goals. this guide provides a roadmap to help pro athletes navigate the complexities of homeownership while safeguarding their financial futures.












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            how to choose the best eyeglasses for your lifestyle

contributor content. selecting the right pair of eyeglasses requires careful consideration of lifestyle, vision needs and personal taste.












sponsored








        
        
            set financial goals in 2025 and watch your money grow

content by one community bank. learn how setting financial goals can bring you peace of mind and help grow your savings.
















                
                opinion
                
                    


















        
        
            school choice drains public resources | maddy wheelock

president donald trump recently signed an executive order aimed at expanding school choice. the order directs federal agencies, including the u.s. department of education, to issue guidance on how states can use federal funds to expand “educational choice” initiatives and encourage “educatio…




















        
        
            trump right to go all in on education freedom -- corey a. deangelis

president donald trump recently signed an executive order that puts wind in the sails of the school choice movement. 




















        
        
            snowmobilers in wisconsin 'shatter the peace' but 'impossible to ban' 50 years ago

this state journal editorial ran on feb. 14, 1975: 




















        
        
            washington post: trump's treatment of allies puts america's world standing in jeopardy

the trump administration’s deployment to latin america offered a nugget of insight into the president’s unusual worldview. 













                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



























        
        
            central wisconcin community action council



                                        1000 hwy 13, wisconsin dells, wi 53965
                                    






 website






























        
        
            dragon breath vapor



                                        118 n. main st. suite 180, pardeeville, wi 53954
                                    






 website






















        
        
            remedy intelligent staffing



                                        117 packerland dr, green bay, wi 54303
                                    















                
                print ads
                
            






















jewelry





        
        
            studio jewelers - ad from 2025-02-15
























restaurant





        
        
            milios - ad from 2025-02-09
























furniture





        
        
            bremer sales - ad from 2025-02-14
























construction





        
        
            kool view inc - ad from 2025-02-12
























jewelry





        
        
            studio jewelers - ad from 2025-02-09
























farm





        
        
            clarks hooves & feathers - ad from 2025-02-13
























sale





        
        
            wisconsin hearing aids, inc - ad from 2025-02-09
























jewelry





        
        
            studio jewelers - ad from 2025-02-12
























sale





        
        
            lake ridge bank - ad from 2025-02-09
























office





        
        
            newcomb construction - ad from 2025-02-09








































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram







calendar

comics

obituaries

search

subscribe now



sites & partners


 wisconsin state journal

cap times

wiscnews

madison media partners

amplifiedwisconsin

applymadison

wingra printing group

online features

get healthy




services


customer service: 800-362-8333

manage your subscription

place a classified ad

submit a celebration

contact us

email newsletters

work here

buy and sell

jobs

homes

apartments

licensing

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        wisconsin state journal, 1901 fish hatchery rd madison, wi 53713
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






badger sports

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe






crime

subscribe






politics

subscribe

























