



   




	commercial truck drivers legal plan |  cdl protection for less than .45 a day




















 1-800-580-8789



homeaboutabout dlpmanagementcommercial truck insurancedriversdriver benefitscdl traffic violationscdl license requirementscdl suspensionclass b cdlcdl prepcdl questionsplan options/pricingtestimonialsdriverscarrierscarrierscarrier benefitsfmcsa insurancefmcsa regulationsresourceselectronic logging deviceslegal articlesblogcsalinksdriver videostate cdl informationjoin dlpcontacten espanol











english


























america’s most experienced cdl defense law firm


review us




drivers legal plan is an actual national law firm dedicated to protecting the rights of truck drivers, and therefore the interests of trucking companies.

latest news: drivers legal plan announces endorsement from the north carolina trucking association.



driver benefitscarrier benefits
join dlp1-800-580-8789







free consultation!
contact drivers legal plan for a free consultation.
























enter code shown

















 
why choose drivers legal plan?

drivers legal plan was designed in 1991 by trucking company executives who recognized that with the advent of the cdl, unnecessary traffic convictions were going to have a deep and detrimental effect on their companies’ safety profiles and driver retention records.  with dot audits, csa ratings, consistently changing cdl requirements, skyrocketing insurance and driver replacement costs, the days of “fire and rehire” are ending.



driver benefits include:

most affordable plan on the market
free dataq challenge included
over 350,000 cases defended
covered 24/7, in any vehicle you drive
no limit on attorney hours – start-to finish

read more

carrier benefits include:

minimize detrimental effects of csa
send the right message
maintain dot compliance
minimize liability and increase safety
lawsuit immunity

read more



the basic concept of the plan is simple: to make the highest quality cdl legal representation available to the driver force, and to make it affordable.

 




get the protection you need today!


when your livelihood depends on your good driving record, you need someone on your side as soon as an incident happens. you are protected 24 hours a day with our team of commercial driving legal experts; all for one low fixed rate and no additional charges - ever.








you can trust our  experienced management team.
read more about the people, the history and the experience behind drivers legal plan.
read more




jim c. klepperchairman of drivers legal plan®



brad klepperpresident






a message from the arkansas trucking association





arkansas trucking association's ad celebrates the essentiality of trucks and the people who drive them. this ad helps raise awareness about the contributions truckers make to our economy. 
 

view video











drivers legal plan®

6709 n. classen blvd. oklahoma city, ok 73116
1-800-580-8789fax - 405-948-7237
jim c. klepper, attorney at law



interstate trucker ltd.™

ticket defenseno membership
 800-333-drive1-800-333-3748
click for more info











copyright © 2025
 drivers legal plan®
client login













