



valley house gallery & sculpture garden






























miles cleveland goodwin:
miles cleveland goodwin: the soul and the skin opens saturday, january 18, with an opening reception from 5:00pm to 7:00pm, preceded by artist remarks at 4:30pm.

click here and here to preview the paintings in the exhibition.

read about the exhibition here.
lilian garcia-roig: on-sitefulness
click here to view the paintings in the exhibition lilian garcia-roig: on-sitefulness.
watch a video of lilian garcia-roig speaking with cheryl vogel about her cumulative nature series.
watch a video about the naming of lilian garcia-roig as florida state university's 2023-2024 robert o. lawton distinguished professor.
watch a video of lilian garcia-roig in conversation with deborah fullerton, curator of exhibitions at the art museum of south texas.
watch a video of lilian garcia-roig speaking with the wiregrass museum of art about her work.
john patrick cobb: the chapel installation and texas landscapes
watch a time-lapse video of the installation of john cobb's chapel.
learn about the 27 individual paintings in the chapel installation.
order the book "john cobb's chapel ikons: biblical meditations on living the spiritual life in the modern world" by john patrick cobb and william y. penn, jr., published by treaty oak publishers, published in 2020.
70th anniversary - gallery and garden history:
read the gallery history compiled in honor of our 70th anniversary.
read the garden history compiled in honor of our 70th anniversary.
read kendall morgan's article in arts and culture texas about valley house gallery's 70th anniversary.

read the article valley house gallery at 70 by j. claiborne bowdon in moderndallas edition 58, june 2024.
visit the garden:

each time you visit the garden, please check in the gallery before proceeding to the garden.
fine art estates:
you may view art available for sale on the fine art estates website here
download the fine art estates mobile app here
barnaby fitzgerald:

read benjamin lima's review in the dallas morning news of barnaby fitzgerald's exhibition at the meadows museum.
paper city:
view the online slideshow and read the papercity article about valley house.
previous exhibitions:

revisit recent valley house gallery exhibitions on artsy.
artist videos:
subscribe to our youtube channel for artist talks, interviews, and studio visits.
gifts:

search our inventory for the perfect gift with artwork search and save your selections in my collection. call 972-239-2441 to confirm availability.
sculpture garden:

enjoy a virtual walk through the garden on the valley house sculpture garden instagram page.
watch a film by quin mathews films about the valley house sculpture garden.
hours:

gallery and garden hours are monday-saturday, 10:00am-5:00pm.
connect:

sign up for the valley house newsletter to stay connected.

sign up for the cadd email to receive a monthly list of exhibitions at member galleries.




















• gallery information• exhibitions• sculpture garden• contemporary• consignments• early texas• naive & outsider• david h. gibson photography• artwork search• my collection• mailing list











home | gallery information | exhibitions | sculpture garden | contemporary | consignments | early texasnaive & outsider | david h. gibson photography | artwork search | my collection | mailing list





