



garden watersaver – the easiest way to collect rainwater from roof to rain barrel














































skip to content 





 






0
 
menu 




menu 
shop now >
account






0
 










collect rainwater with garden watersaver! 


garden watersaver allows environmentally-conscious people to easily collect rain water from the roof of a house, so that the water can be used whenever it’s needed to irrigate a lawn or a garden, to clean yard tools, or for any other non-drinking use.
the secret of garden watersaver is our unique downspout diverter, which attaches easily to any gutter’s downspout. once in place, the diverter sends water to a rain barrel through a hose until that barrel is completely full. once full, additional water simply continues down the downspout as it normally would — so the process is automatic!
garden watersaver also offers a complete rain barrel construction kit that includes the downspout diverter plus all of the other items and instructions necessary to build a complete rain barrel system for water collection. it’s all there! 
we invite you to look through all of the water-saving ideas offered using the links at the bottom of this site. then once you know which project you’d like to do, get all of the pieces needed to begin collecting rain water in a rain barrel of your own! shop now >
have a question about a product or its use? call garden watersaver toll-free at 1-888-232-6414 or email us at office@gardenwatersaver.com!
free shipping
on all continental usa orders $50+
$9.95 shipping on all continental usa orders under $50$19.95 shipping to ak, hi, all usa territories, canada












garden watersavera division of eaglestone products llc
5504 state road
cleveland, ohio 44134-2250
1-888-232-6414
office@gardenwatersaver.com
 

create a barrelhow to build a rain barrel
types of rain barrels
find plastic barrels locally
how to install the diverter
how the diverter works
connect multiple rain barrels
 

collect rainwaterto water a garden
to store water for later
to water automatically
to collect clean water
to move water
to help the environment
 

learn morefrequently asked questions
customer testimonials
warranty & guarantee
photos
videos
contact
wholesale / bulk orders
shop now >
 






					© garden watersaver / eaglestone products llc. all rights reserved.				





 













