







light resource
























toggle navigation









products
project gallery
events
resources
contact



























explore our canadian manufacturers





bega furniture





fraser mills presentation centre





trulioo





harbour centre & spencer building





first west credit union





paul bakery





lonsdale quay bus loop





lougheed acura





sirocco squamish





beacon hill park





canada place
lumec sleekvision

















light resource is a lighting agency providing quality lighting solutions and products for the design community. we represent a network of suppliers and manufacturers with product offerings that will perform functionally and aesthetically, in a way that contributes fundamentally to the overall design. our committed team of lighting specialists helps initiate creative, progressive, and responsible illumination solutions for a large variety of applications including: hospitality, education, healthcare, residential, retail, institutional, and commercial. experience in the design process has also given the light resource team an acute understanding of the special challenges facing design professionals.

explore our line card








our services









residential
light resource provides architects and designers with access to the best in lighting products through our world-wide network of suppliers and manufacturers. our products will perform, functionally and aesthetically, in a way that contributes fundamentally to the overall design.





corporate
at light resource you will find people who share your concerns and goals. our staff also have backgrounds in various industries including architecture, interior design and engineering.





hospitality
we have made a commitment to specifically address the most pressing concerns of all our customers. we recognize the realities of business, and we are prepared to meet the bottom-line requirements of your business.





landscape
from roadway to gardens, experiment with different lighting designs for unique landscape architecture goals with our range of outdoor lighting products.








featured projects












landscape
vandusen botanical gardens









corporate
trulioo









landscape
line of work









hospitality
origo club









hospitality
nemesis coffee









corporate
first west credit union































info@light-resource.com



604.688.7541









copyright © light resource 


















