









buses for sale - bus dealership for new and used buses

































































inventory

all inventory
new equipment
pre-owned equipment


products

all manufacturers
champion bus

challenger
crusader
defender
cts front engine
cts rear engine
champion  brochures


turtle top

odyssey
odyssey xl
odyssey xlt
luxury and limo
van terra


l.a. west

l.a west brochures


diamond coach

vip series 2000- ford
diamond  brochures


mobility trans

mobility trans brochures


elkhart custom designs

elkhart custom ksir brochures


collins bus
other manufacturers

federal coach


alternate fuels
contracts


financing

finance options
finance application


parts & services

parts
service
warranty


about

location
blog
faq


800 523 3262
email us
 


select page


  
 
 











buses for sale - bus dealership for new and used busesnations bus professionals have provided thousands of buses to hotels, limo providers, shuttle operators, tour and charter companies, car rental operations, health service providers, municipalities, retirement facilities, churches, and many more. explore our extensive inventory of buses for sale, designed to meet the unique needs of businesses and organizations nationwide.
view inventory

call now

followfollowfollowfollow












expert level service
our team of dedicated bus and van technicians and automotive engineers is known for their professionalism, knowledge, and customer service. whether it be for bus sales, servicing the buses and vans, or replacing and repairing the vehicle parts, we have you covered for all your bus, shuttle, and coach needs. we pride ourselves in facilitating our clients before, during, and long after our time together to ensure your satisfaction earning your business time and time again. we are always here to understand your requirements and guide you in choosing the perfect bus for your business from our huge inventory of buses.







nations bus has a huge selection of new and used buses for sale from coast to coast. we have provided thousands of vehicles to hotels, limo providers, shuttle bus operators, tour and charter companies, car rental operations, health service providers, municipalities, retirement facilities, churches and many more.
visit us at nationbus.com to view our inventory of new & used shuttle buses, minibuses transit buses, limousine buses, vans, and trolley buses available for sale. don’t see what you’re looking for? give us a call or email at info@nationsbus.com . often times we have vehicles in stock, on the way, or being stored off site that we have not yet added to our on-line inventory.
when the reputation of your business and the safety of your customers is in your hands, let the experts at nations bus help deliver the quality, price, and value you are looking for.





be first to be notified about our best deals!
we do not share your personal information.





thanks for signing up!



name



email





subscribe

















i recently bought a bus through nations bus and it was honestly the best experience that i have ever been through! i was a bit confused about the type of bus that i should have bought, but the staff there was friendly and patient enough to explain every little detail to me about the buses are there for sale! thanks a lot nations bus. 5 star for sure.
ryan l






we have a huge family with our 3 kids and 2 of my sister’s, and we often plan weekend getaways together. last month i decided to finally buy a shuttle bus for the family vacations. and nations bus has been the best agency ever. their friendly staff never pesters you to make purchases of the bus that benefits them more than you.
jennifer m






my son recently turned 21 and said he wanted to help in the family’s car rental business, but i had a better idea. i started him off with two minibuses – he can hire them out for picnics or small groups looking to tour the area. my son is getting steady business most days of the week – if we want to expand the fleet by buying new buses, we’re going to nations bus!
rouse k





















charter buses | church bus | commercial bus | limo bus | mini bus | party bus | shuttle bus | tour bus | transit bus | wheelchair accessible handicap bus and vans
passenger van for sale | 14 seater passenger bus | diesel bus | 15 passenger buses | 20 to 25 passenger buses and mini van | motor coaches for sale
north carolina | oregon | south carolina | texas | utah | washington | alabama | arizona | georgia | nevada | florida
privacy policy



 



















name


email address


company name


phone


notes/vehicle interested in


bus title


bus url


bus unit#


bus page




submit






this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.






			×			






















share this





https://www.facebook.com/nationsbussales/





https://twitter.com/nationsbus





https://www.linkedin.com/company/nations-bus-corp.





 



































