



 





massage therapist & day spa in fredericksburg tx | european day spa of fredericksburg








































































 



































			
			
				call today! 830-997-5267











 eurospatx@gmail.com
 402 granite avenue, fredericksburg, tx 78624





home
about the founder
services

total surrender
forever young
sole therapy
restoration
renaissance


gift certificates
links
blog
 






 welcome to your ​therapeutic getaway!


we offer a large array of spa services to invigorate and delight your senses.


experience total surrender










total surrender
more info
forever young
more info
sole therapy
more info
restoration
more info
renaissance
more info












welcome to massage therapy of fredericksburg, tx







serving the hill country for over 23 years

at european day spa of fredericksburg, texas we’ve been using holistic therapies and treatments since the start. european day spa provides a divine experience that affects your whole being and transforms your body, mind, and spirit.









european day spa of fredericksburg was started by an expert
carissa is a licensed cosmetologist, certified paramedical aesthetician, licensed massage therapist, certified medical massage therapist, intradermal cosmetic technician, and reiki master. she has been serving the cosmetology field since 1993 and the field of massage therapy since 1996. in 1996 carissa managed and helped create the first day spa in fredericksburg. just a few months after its spa program was launched, the spa was featured as one of the top day spas in the country by self magazine. in 1998, carissa opened her own businesses, spa to go and european day spa of fredericksburg.
curious to learn more about who we are? check out the history of european day spa’s founder and head therapist, carissa. additionally, if you are interested to learn more about alternative health and wellness tips take a look at our blog!
check out our services and be sure to book soon.
call today! 830-997-5267

as seen in:
luxlife magazine www.lux-review.com
best central texas day spa 2021
silicon review 
30 innovative brands of the year 2022
www.siliconreview.com/magazine/ profile/expert-therapist-offering-spa-services/
book  – amazon.com
pivot your body: and balance your health during a time of stress 
flipkey.com–
15 best girls weekend getaways across
america/flipkey blog
“top place to relax”
fredericksburg, tx  2018

“best of texas”
– vogue 11/02
​
featured in:
elegant texan known for “the best of the best”
spafinder -“spas for couples”
skin, inc. magazine
dermascope magazine
s.a. living morning show


 
european day spa of fredericksburg reviews:



“great massage at a reasonable price.

 my wife and i opted for a 1 hr couples massage while visiting fredericksburg for a weekend vacation. the masseuses were keen to ensure pressure was to our satisfaction, they inquired about pain spots, injuries and allergies, so, needless to say know what they’re doing. the location is inside a hotel, not easy to spot, yet service was great and professional. would come back in the future and recommend to others.” milton c


“i just left my appointment and i am so relaxed!
i had a massage by linda, and she really tuned into my body and worked the areas that needed it most. she has a very gentle and soothing demeanor. then i had a peppermint body scrub by maria and that too was done very well, so relaxing and refreshing. sweet lady. these ladies are experts in their field and made for a wonderful experience. so worth the indulge. a must when in fredericksburg!” ann f

“amazing massage therapists!
luxurious experience.” diana h


“carissa is exceptional!
i got the works…. hand/foot treatment, facial, full body massage. i was there for 4 hours and could’ve stayed longer. she knows what she is doing! i love how she incorporated reflexology as well. my face looked and felt amazing. i highly recommend and will be a repeat customer.” christina s




















 











send message




stay connected

european day spa of fredericksburg


more information
european day spa of fredericksburg   	
phone: 8309975267
email: eurospatx@gmail.com

address: 402 granite avenue		fredericksburg tx 78624		

hours:
tuesday: 
			10:00 am -
		 7:00 pm
wednesday: 
			 10:00 am - 
		 7:00 pm
thursday: 
    
		 10:00 am -  
		 7:00 pm
friday: 
    
		 10:00 am -  
		 7:00 pm
saturday: 
      								 10:00 am -  
		 7:00 pm
sunday: 
	closed
monday: 
	closed
closed on sunday & monday unless by special request and based on availability.
	 










© 2025 european day spa of fredericksburg | sitemap | privacy policy




european day spa of fredericksburg
homeabout the founderservices

total surrenderforever youngsole therapyrestorationrenaissance back
gift certificateslinksblog

				× close panel			









 
