



cress street villas




















































cress street villas












home




ocean front two bedroom villas




ocean view two bedroom villa




one bedroom ocean view villas




contact us




big bear lake california rentals























































welcome!






















































































































welcome to cress street villas




laguna beach california





not only will you find yourself sitting on our balconies with beautiful ocean views and sunsets but you'll also enjoy the spectacular artistry of the quaint little beach town.your next vacation is waiting.....we offer both 1 and 2 bedroom units for your enjoyment that sleep two and up to six persons.all units offer a great outside seating and relaxation areas.













































villasclick pictures for details 










































two bedroom two bath ocean front villas







each of our ocean front villas has two bedrooms and two full baths.  the villa has a full kitchen and great sitting and dining areas.  the ocean front villas sleep up to six persons.  the villas also have relaxing deck or patio to enjoy the ocean view and even a outdoor dining area.




















































two bedroom two bath ocean view villa







the two bedroom and two bath ocean view villa is a great location to relax and enjoy.  the villa has a full kitchen and a dining and sitting area inside.  out on the private deck you can relax or even dine outside.




















































one bedroom ocean view villas







our one bedroom villas offer a relaxing getaway.  each villa has one bedroom and a full bath.  the villas also have full kitchens and sitting and dining areas.  the villas have a outside sitting area where you can relax or enjoy a meal.  the one bedroom villas sleep two persons.











































































experience enjoyable and unforgettable vacation




contact steve at(949) 433-0308






































































































































































cabin rentals in




big bear lake, california





two cabin units available for your winter or year round adventrues.





explore




















































