








care kits: patient education - carekit.com


















































































 





















1-877-227-3548













info@carekit.com















carekitonline™ login













request a demo























 
 











 







what’s in a kit?

see the difference
why they work
three ways to deliver


where kits work

overview
hospitals
health plans & telemedicine
home health
skilled nursing
employee wellness


see a care kit

cardiac

cardiac surgery aftercare
blood pressure control
blood sugar, blood pressure
heart failure
heart failure, diabetes, blood pressure
coronary artery care  (ami)
coronary artery, blood pressure
coronary artery, diabetes, blood pressure
cholesterol
heart fitness – metabolic syndrome
stroke
 


rehab

after hip & knee surgery – premium
after hip & knee surgery – standard
after hip & knee with falls prevention
back fitness
falls prevention
physical therapy
spine surgery aftercare
stroke
strong shoulder


post-surgical

cardiac surgery aftercare
breast surgery aftercare
catheter care
colostomy and ileostomy
multiple drain
pain control
post acute discharge
sepsis
urostomy
wound care


wellness

caregivers
cholesterol
dementia
depression
foot care
heart fitness
prenatal care
smoking cessation
walking plan
weight management


respiratory

asthma
copd
pneumonia
covid-19
back-to-work covid-19


hospice

coming to hospice


comorbid

blood sugar, blood pressure
coronary artery, blood pressure
coronary artery, diabetes, blood pressure
heart failure, diabetes, blood pressure


diabetes

blood sugar, blood pressure
blood sugar control
coronary artery, diabetes, blood pressure
heart failure, diabetes, blood pressure
foot care




carekitonline™

learn more
customer login
how medicines work


success stories

testimonials
study outcomes


about us

our story
how we do what we do
before and after gallery
management team
partners
your care kit nurses
customer referral
news


contact








































 
slide backgroundslide backgroundbuild & designbuild & designbuild & design 



 









 



 



                    care kits work at hospitals                

expertly crafted. expertly designed for discharge. everything a patient needs for self-care once they are home.
click here to watch how care kits work at discharge






 



                    watch: heart failure contents                

you’ll be amazed at all the self-care items. 
curriculum, tools and devices work together to drive patient compliance.
click here to watch video






 



                    care kits work at health plans                

be bold.  be different. show members you care with a care kit.
improve hedis scores. increase star ratings and renewals. 
click here to watch how care kits work at health plans














see a care kit!


you have a better chance of staying out of the hospital with a care kit—as much as 74% better—so say fourteen tests at major medical institutions! a care kit has everything you need in one place to manage your self-care. only what you need. all of it step-by-step. name brand hospital systems and health plans use care kits to improve patient care, reduce readmissions, improve member satisfaction and reduce overall costs. that’s the triple aim in healthcare.
get your healthcare done and get on with life!





+
care kits & care kit guides




+
healthcare partners




%
reduction in readmissions












view these care kits




cardiac





view these care kits




rehab





view these care kits




post-surgical





view these care kits




wellness





view these care kits




respiratory





view these care kits




hospice





view these care kits




co-morbid





view these care kits




diabetes




 












carekitonline™ provides the same proven patient education found in every care kit.















this low cost, e-subscription model allows providers to click and access over 100+ self-care guides. simply print or email to your patients.
patients will have the step by step information they need to manage their self-care. the result? up to a 74% reduction in re-admissions and skyrocketing satisfaction scores.







learn more about carekitonline™ 




 



















newsletter sign up


see and share the latest results from care kits!



 









your name



your email



input this code: 


send













 









testimonials




 


"i run a blood pressure program using care kits and have found a good reduction of hypertension, but the increase in staff satisfaction for having a clear plan and standardization of the care was what equally struck me when considering quadruple aim."


director
care management




“i couldn’t believe how the care kit had all the products i needed-with instructions on how to stay out of the hospital, explanations i could understand. thank you for making such a practical product.”


carol m
cleveland oh




“as part of routine diabetic education, our nurse provided a foot care care kit to the participant, which includes teaching materials and a mirror to ensure the entire foot can be examined for wounds. he reported that using the mirror he found a bleeding wound on his foot and was seen by a foot and ankle specialist. a possible hospitalization for treatment of a diabetic foot ulcer has been averted.”


manager
population health




“i just got my first call thanking me for a care kit. the participant and his wife were so excited! this is a participant with no compliance with checking his bp, weight, and sbgm every day. today he called and read off to me all of his data for the last two days! thanks to everyone that makes it possible for us to have his resource!”


personal health nurse
major health service company, annapolis, md




"i wanted to let you know what a powerful force for good your care kits have been during the pandemic. we’ve shifted to getting the kits out to patients who need to shelter in place. this has allowed us to do more comprehensive care for them in their homes – we’re now doing the majority of our care in the virtual space."


nurse practitioner supervisor
acute care hospital




“hospitals are fully equipped, but when you get home you are without those things and panic sets in. with the care kit, i have peace of mind. such a help in getting over the rough days.”


florence g.
hagerstown md




“i am overjoyed with the care kit. it is just what i had been looking for.”


lee j.
aurora il




“the care kits offer a lot of support to a patient after they are discharged. it plays right into how we need to decrease patient’s readmission rates after they discharge from us.”


director of compliance
midwest rehabilitation hospital






 









contact us









1-877-carekit (227-3548) or 1-847-850-7500







1-847-850-7506







info@carekit.com







1550 barclay boulevard, buffalo grove, il 60089
























 















 
 
 



contact us! 1-877-carekit (227-3548)
info@carekit.com
quick linksmarketing tools login
coaches training login
carekitonline™ login
privacy statement
spread the word and earn



 



copyright ©
2025
communication science, inc. design by freshbrain creative agency.








































modal-check


be bold. be different.

see why they work and what's in every care kit.
click here to watch video



dismiss ad
dismiss ad


this will close in  23 seconds





















































