
















educational equity







































contact



bias response




give now






search site





search











            home
          


            about
          


            offices and programs
          


            scholarships
          


            equity at penn state
          


            news
          


            calendar
          
























educational equity








the office of the vice provost for educational equity serves as a catalyst and advocate for penn state's culture of equity, respect, and belonging initiatives. educational equity's vision is a penn state community that is an inclusive and welcoming environment for all.








making penn state welcoming for all
belonging statementacknowledgement of landequity at penn state
belonging at penn state calendar
university commitment


























student disability resources

                coordinates reasonable accommodations for equal access and full participation; peer interactions and study space; connection with on- and off-campus resources; and promotes disability as an import aspect of diversity.
            















office of veterans programs

                provides services to military-affiliated students and department of veterans affairs (dva) benefits recipients.
            















multicultural resource center

                as we work to further enhance student support and success resources within and outside the office of the vice provost for educational equity and to redefine the support provided by the multicultural resource center (mrc), we want to emphasize that we are working collaboratively with our colleagues and campus partners to sustain and enhance services to students.
            

















talent search

                our counselors work with over 2,000 pennsylvania middle and high school students a year to provide services, information, and guidance for their education after high school.
            















upward bound programs

                ubp staff work with students in many areas providing program opportunities for its participants to succeed in their precollege performance and ultimately in their higher education pursuits.
            















office of scholars programs

                oversees the bunton-waller fellows, lenfest scholars, maguire scholars, and milton hershey scholars programs at penn state in addition to administering the educational equity scholarships.
            

















senior faculty mentors and equity leadership fellow

                offers guidance that helps facilitate the attainment of tenure, promotion, and advancement at each faculty career stage, particularly for underrepresented racial/ethnic minority tenure-track faculty members.
            















faculty pathway

                a primary point of contact for support, professional development, and career advancement for new and established tenure-track and tenured faculty members who identify as historically underrepresented racial/ethnic minorities at penn state.
            















president's commissions for equity

                provides the president with recommendations germane to issues of lgbtq, racially or ethnically diverse, and women-identified persons at penn state
            

















equal opportunity planning committee

                provides seed grant funding to penn state units for developing and implementing programs and activities intended to advance the equity, respect, and belonging goal of the university.
            















bias response

                bias response is committed to addressing reported bias incidents that target penn state students by focusing on incident response and support.
            













supportive campus climate resources

                supportive campus climate resources provides programs and initiatives that contribute to a campus climate that is welcoming, inclusive, and respectful for all.
            















campus access and success grant

                the office of the vice provost for educational equity campus access and success grant began in 2007 when penn state created an alternative program to the state-funded pennsylvania higher education equal opportunity act of 1971 to better serve penn state students.
            























educational equity



             

            

            administration
            
        


             

            

            central staff
            
        


             

            

            educational equity advisory board
            
        


             

            

            educational equity office information data sheet
            
        


             

            

            employment opportunities
            
        


             

            

            giving to educational equity
            
        


             

            

            penn state statement on belonging
            
        


             

            

            strategic planning
            
        


sponsored events



             

            

            hispanic heritage month
            
        


             

            

            martin luther king jr. commemoration
            
        




penn state resources



             

            

            acknowledgement of land
            
        


             

            

            administrative council on anti-racism and equity (acare)
            
        


             

            

            clery act
            
        


             

            

            council of college multicultural leadership (ccml)
            
        


             

            

            ethics and compliance hotline
            
        


             

            

            office of equal opportunity and access
            
        


             

            

            office of human resources
            
        


             

            

            penn state deib dashboard
            
        


             

            

            penn state directory
            
        


             

            

            penn state principles
            
        


             

            

            university equity leadership council (uelc)
            
        


             

            

            university police and safety
            
        


             

            

            the messier student organization grants
            
        




for penn state faculty



             

            

            courses: international culture courses
            
        


             

            

            courses: us culture courses
            
        


             

            

            faculty pathway
            
        


             

            

            senior faculty mentors and equity leadership fellow
            
        


for internal staff



             

            

            building evacuation maps
            
        


             

            

            communications and marketing
            
        


             

            

            software development and operations
            
        



 follow us










site map


accessibility


legal statements


copyright information


314 old main, 180 pollock road, university park, pa 16802
copyright 2025 educational equity. all rights reserved.


log in





