







state college magazine























































































search for:


search
submit




advertise
contact us
about us





 
log in
account
subscribe
 





 


login
account
subscribe
home

best of state college
features
chefs on stage
pigskin digest
dining guide


centered
advertise
contact us
about us
archives
privacy policy






 


popular categories  dining (31)  general (17)  health (17)  shopping (15)  attractions (10)  hotels (10)  feature (10)  restaurants (9)  food nightlife (7)  home (7)  real estate (6)  automotive (5)



select search type 
places
events


search for

near

searchsearch





 {"bg":"","mt":"","mr":"","mb":3,"ml":"","pt":"","pr":"","pb":"","pl":"","border":"","rounded":"","rounded_size":"","shadow":""}













home
features
best of state college
teachers of the year
pigskin digest
centered
chefs on stage
dining guide
archives

html archives
digital pdf archives


 









featured storiesnew name & new facesto the end of the worldtext and photos by r thomas berner

publisher’s notepublisher’s notefebruary 1, 2025as of this month, the boy scouts of america has a new name: scouting america. i heard of the plans at a boy scout dinner last year and a seed...


read moreeducationwhere innovation meets education: the idea hubby paige kubalak | penns valley area school district | february 1, 2025in the heart of central pennsylvania, a space is redefining how students and educators engage with learning: the idea hub. located at the central pennsylvania institute of science and technology... 
read moreup frontc is for cookieby r thomas berner | february 1, 2025it’s the time of year when we all turn into cookie monsters and feast on our favorite among the nine varieties of girl scout cookies. between bellefonte and state college,... 
read morelife and stylegreat spacesfebruary 1, 2025for more than five and a half decades, huntingdon-based cisney & o’donnell, a family-owned construction business, has served central pennsylvania. their expertise includes kitchen and bath remodeling, additions, basement refinishing,... 
read moreon centrelove #happyvalleypaby lesley kistner | february 1, 2025as centre county’s destination marketing organization, the happy valley adventure bureau’s (hvab) mission is to promote all that is special about the communities and valleys that make up our area.... 
read morepensées sur l’arta slice of lightby jeff mathison | february 1, 2025jeff mathison | artist and illustrator bachelor of fine arts degree, penn state, 1972 jcmaps6@gmail.com | www.artbymathison.com | www.mapsbymathison.com | instagram: @artbyjeffm  the world we see is defined by light.... 
read morebookbagnew & hot this yearby maria kenney burchill  | schlow centre region library | february 1, 2025  i think you’ll agree that february is not only the shortest month, but also the longest. a good book can make it delightful either way. i debated the theme... 
read moreon calli beg your pardon?february 1, 2025more than 360 million people live with disabling hearing loss. recreational noise exposure, such as loud music, puts more than 1 billion people aged 12-35 at risk for hearing loss.... 
read moreate1fourk.i.s.s. powertext and photos by david hawbaker | february 1, 2025i came of age at an interesting time. not only were there the fad diets of the ’90s and 2000s, the food pyramid, “eating local/farmers markets,” there was still nothing... 
read morewine notesiced on the vineby robert d. richards, csw | february 1, 2025at first glance, it might seem like a mistake. after all, grapes left hanging on the vines until they freeze — literally — who would do that? did they just... 
read morespotlightnot all heroes wear capesfebruary 1, 2025although it’s not a requirement for the job, it certainly helps that centre county’s first humane society police officer not only loves animals but is married to a woman who... 
read more 







 
























1001 university drive
state college, pa 16801
ph: 814.867.2222 | fax: 814.278.1303
editorial@statecollegemagazine.com
advertising@statecollegemagazine.com

 



have an idea for a story or event? e-mail: editorial@statecollegemagazine.com

 


our hometown
dmca noticesnewspaper website content management software and services
      

        © 2016-2025 state college magazine. all rights reserved.  
all editorial and graphical material contained on this website may not be reproduced in any way without the express written consent of the publisher of state college magazine.       




 






change location
find awesome listings near you!


×




change location 































by continuing to browse or by clicking "accept," you agree to our site's privacy policy.acceptprivacy policy



