


















advanced telemetry systems - fish and wildlife tracking solutions






























your quote (0 items)




                            returning customer? 

login


need help? call:
(763) 444-9267 / 











                                    online
                                    support chat
                                
























home
about our expertise
contact us


                                ats
                                blog
                            






                                    tracking
                                    products
                                





                                    tracking
                                    systems
                                





                                    customer
                                    support
                                





                                    browse by species
                                









                animal types
            

mammals
fish
reptiles
avian
marine
insects

close











                                    vhf dart tag
                                


                                        our new f1020d vhf transmitter. our customers can insert it into a pneu-dart type c rdds with a metal housing.
                                    


learn more










                                    release and reuse, for the life of the collar
                                


                                        our g5m line features a remote collar release mechanism. simply enter a command via our website to release the collar from the animal for later use.
                                    


learn more










                                    the g5l series of iridium/gps loggers offer you a range of options depending on your requirements.
                                


                                        lifethe g5l series logger are easily programmed via wireless communication, using the wildlink comm module and your pc. you control when fixes are collected and stored, when data is uplinked to the iridium satellite (up to six per day), and when the vhf beacon will transmit. a geo-fencing feature is easily programmed.
                                    


learn more










                                    introducing the g5-t2a iridium/gps turkey tracker
                                


                                        the smallest and lightest, 140-gram, customized version of our dependable and field-proven line of gps units. utilizing the most capable satellite communication technology: iridium. plus, unlimited text messaging on mortality and geofencing events.
                                    


learn more










                                    we're excited to announce a collaboration with wildlife drones 
                                


                                        they are a company specializing in using drones for radio-telemetry tracking. by partnering with wildlife drones, we hope to improve our ability to monitor and protect wildlife in their natural habitats. with the use of advanced drone technology, our customers will be able to gather better and more valuable data and insights than ever before. we look forward to a productive partnership with wildlife drones!
                                    


learn more










                                    ats was challenged to produce a lightweight tracker with longer operation life.
                                


                                        here it is, the sv10 solar vhf tag at 8 grams. unit does not have a battery, but uses a supercapacitor and solar charging to power it. this unit can be fully charged by the sun in as little as 15 minutes and produce up to 5 hours of run time.
                                    


learn more










everything you need for your tracking work. guaranteed delivery and performance.
                                


                                        ats has a lighter iridium/gps collar with all the dependability of our larger iridium collars. our g5-p2a and g5-pc units range from 225 grams to 270 grams.
                                        *iridium data fees are billed monthly and costs may vary.



learn more













                                    world’s most reliable transmitters & tracking systems.
                                


                                        a small 100% wireless gps logger...available in 65 gram collar or glue-on/backpack
                                        configurations. retrieve your data using wireless communication with the pocket-sized
                                        wildlink comm module.
                                    


learn more













                                    new to tracking?
                                


                                        useful links to get you started:
                                    

product finder
how to choose a transmitter
how to order
make a payment


all guides & how-to’s





                                    get a quote today
                                


                                        ready to get your project off the ground? request your same day equipment quote and let's get started.
                                    


request a quote





advanced telemetry systems




                            upcoming event
                        


                            join us at the southeast deer study group 48th annual meeting in cambridge, md. an industry event going from february 16-18th.

                            
                                visit meeting page here.
                            

all events


























