





































	university of oklahoma health sciences center













































 https://www.ouhsc.edu/ parent page: home id: -1 active page: homeid:13594 

the university of oklahoma health sciences center
skip navigation









students
faculty & staff
alumni
visitors
hipaa






 





search






ouhsc home
directory
insidehsc
web mail











menu





                            about
                        

meet the provost provost office administration university leadership mission history news views of the campus


prospective students


                            academics
                        

college of allied health college of dentistry graduate college college of medicine fran and earl ziegler college of nursing college of pharmacy hudson college of public health college of professional and continuing studies continuing education programs first-generation students libraries




                            research
                        

update and preparation of research programs at hsc for covid-19 vice president for research research administration clinical / patient researcher profiles core facilities human research participant protection (hrpp) and institutional review board (irb) institutional animal care and use committee (iacuc) institutional biosafety committee (ibc)


healthcare
news
students
faculty & staff
alumni
visitors



 apply






























comprehensive patient care, research, and training


each day, university of oklahoma health sciences educates more than 4,000 students and residents to strengthen our state's healthcare workforce, conducts research to develop new disease treatments, and provides oklahomans with a unique resource for highly skilled, compassionate care across all children's, women's, and adult specialties. ou health sciences is committed to improving the quality of life for those we serve, both now and for generations to come.
	

strategic plan: please click here for the ou health sciences strategic plan.
















education at ouhsc
allied health
dentistry
graduate
medicine
nursing
pharmacy
public health


 



education at ou health sciences
the university of oklahoma health sciences campus is one of only a few comprehensive health centers in the nation with seven health professional colleges; allied health, dentistry, medicine, nursing, pharmacy, public health and graduate studies – ou health sciences center serves approximately 4,000 students in more than 70 undergraduate and graduate degree programs.




allied health



college of allied health
diagnosis of disease and disorders, wellness and prevention, therapeutic and rehabilitative services, health care administration, and allied health professions education encompass the spectrum of professional programs in the college of allied health.
website



dentistry



college of dentistry
in addition to a doctor of dental surgery program, the college offers a bachelor of science degree in dental hygiene. there are also graduate and residency programs in advanced general dentistry, orthodontics, periodontics, and oral and maxillofacial surgery.
website



graduate



graduate college
the graduate college grants master of science (ms) and doctor of philosophy (phd) degrees and is home to approximately 300 students enrolled in 35 nationally and internationally recognized research-based programs.
website



medicine



college of medicine
the ou college of medicine is the largest component of the university of oklahoma health sciences campus and is at the center of ou health, the state's most comprehensive academic health system. the college offers robust graduate medical education programs, along with various community service opportunities, all designed to prepare today’s students to become tomorrow’s skilled and compassionate healthcare leaders.
website



nursing



fran and earl ziegler college of nursing
fran and earl ziegler college of nursing is a nationally-recognized college offering bachelor's, master's and doctoral level programs to professional nurses from throughout the world.
website



pharmacy



college of pharmacy
the college offers the doctor of pharmacy professional degree program and graduate programs in the pharmaceutical sciences leading to the master of science and doctor of philosophy degrees.
website



public health



hudson college of public health
the hudson college of public health provides quality graduate and professional education for both public health practice professionals and research scientists and is one of only 50 accredited schools of public health in the united states.
website













why ou health sciences
i chose to study pharmacy on the ou health sciences campus because it is an environment to foster positive and lasting friendships. this campus creates opportunities to interact with other healthcare professionals on the campus.

blessing akinwale,
college of pharmacy class of 2024














news















ou unveils bold expansion plan to increase medical school enrollment, meet state health care needs
		the university of oklahoma board of regents approved an ambitious plan in tulsa today to incrementally increase enrollment in the doctor of medicine (md) program in the ou college of medicine at ou health sciences by more than 40% over the next five years – a strategic...
    read more



















   


 diabetes-linked amputations surge in oklahoma despite national decline, ou study finds
read more










   


 sivaram named master of american college of cardiology
read more










   


 ou faculty member co-leads newly published study comparing types of dementia care
read more










   


 ou college of medicine names founding chair of department of molecular genetics and genome sciences
read more









more news >



events











feb 
18


tuesday, february 18

          


          
          | 8:00 am - 9:00 am 
          
        
neurology grand rounds brain arrhythmias and cardiac arrhythmias







 view full calendar >








































































































































































































































the university of oklahoma
	health sciences
	1100 n. lindsay, oklahoma city, ok 73104
	(405) 271-4000

ou campuses:
norman - tulsa - oklahoma city








hipaa
notice of privacy practices
report a hipaa privacy complaint
information technology
it service desk









contact directory
maps & directions
human resources
job search
ou report it!









 facebook










copyright © 2025 the board of regents of the university of oklahoma. all rights reserved.

disclaimer | copyright | equal opportunity employer | mission statement 

	  built and managed byou it web services









login


























