

petsafe.com.au ---> register your pet














shopping 
      • articles 
      • forums
service • help 
      • security 
      • privacy 
      • customer 
      utilities
company • about 
      us • contact us
      • vet/pound/welfare 
      login








































 
 
      your location home
 





 



welcome to petsafe




 


 





 




this site is for people who want their lost pets home as quickly 
              as possible and who are unashamed pet lovers.
like you, we think pets are fantastic and this site is all about 
              celebrating and preserving the human-animal bond - a bond 
              that brings so much joy and comfort.
petsafe.com.au is a site created by humans for their best friends 
              - their pets. 
what are we about? 
using best technology to identify pets through a powerful combination 
              of a hidden microchip under their skin & an easily read petsafe 
              collar tag also with its own unique number. these unique numbers 
              are permanently linked on the petsafe recovery database giving your 
              pet the best chance of a quick return home should it stray - this 
              is our mission.
 every year thousands or pets go missing, causing their "families" 
              grief, anguish and expense. some stray, some are stolen and some 
              are uplifted and dumped miles away by uncaring neighbours. 
microchips are the best form of certain identification of your 
              pet but only vets & animal pounds have access to the special 
              microchip readers. this is why a rugged external & engraved 
              brass collar tag (with free call telephone number on its reverse) 
              gives your valuable pet a second chance to be traced back home to 
              you quickly & easily.
protect your pet by registering both its microchip number & 
              petsafe collar tag number on the petsafe recovery network. 
the best protection for a pet is reliable identification and that 
              means a microchip because a microchip cannot be removed, changed 
              or defaced. a microchip means a lifetime of positive identification 
              for your pet. once a pet is microchipped, it is essential that its 
              owner's current contact details are accurately recorded on a recovery 
              database. the petsafe recovery network is a pet recovery system 
              that provides a national 24 hour web based service, seven days a 
              week every day of the year. 
not only is the owner's information kept securely & in strictest 
              confidence on the main computer database, but "first-call" information 
              - your pet's microchip number, collar tag number and the nominated 
              primary contact phone number - is frequently updated & sent 
              to a national network of councils, pounds, shelters and veterinary 
              emergency facilities - the very people who look after stray animals. 
            
by clicking on the "register a pet" link owners 
              can: 

 record their pets on the petsafe recovery network for a one-time 
                fee 
              update the contact details for an existing record at no charge

list a lost pet: 
this is a free community service where owners can record the details 
              of a pet lost anywhere in australia. pound workers will regularly 
              access the site and we expect that petsafe.com.au will re-home many 
              pets. 
list a found pet: 
pet lovers easily recognise a lost pet and often it is only a matter 
              of time before the pet runs under a car. if you find a pet and can't 
              get it to the appropriate authorities, then you can list it here. 
              from personal experience we know that giving a lost pet back to 
              its family is a huge buzz. again, this is a free community service 
              in the interest of protecting and preserving the human-animal bond. 
            




 

 
























home 
            • vetshop • 
            register a pet • 
            lost a pet? • 
            found a pet? • 
            vets • 
			vet/pound/welfare login •
			forms
			
shopping • 
            articles 
            • forums
service • help 
            • security 
            • privacy 
            • company • about 
            us • contact 
            us
            ©copyright 2002 petbase pty ltd






