






















annapolis, md | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













    government      our city      services      business      how do i...      contact info  


 

 

 

 

 

 





 












search







 
 
 

 










    





 
 
 

 















 






  
 
 












 














bus routes & schedules








report an issue










 
 














employment








online payments










 
 














email notifications








permits & licenses










 
 
 



 














economic development








comprehensive plan










 
 














city council








recreation & parks










 
 














submit a crime tip








city budget










 
 
 
























 














news & trending topics
 






  
 














go electric: leaf blower policy 


to better protect the health of both our residents and the local environment, by january 1, 2025, all leaf blowers used in city limits must be electric-powered.			additional info...







city of annapolis annual report 2024 


the city of annapolis' 2024 annual report highlights our achievements in service delivery, infrastructure maintenance, project completion, and key focus areas including quality of life, equity, environment, and governance.			additional info...







plastic bag reduction act 


effective january 22, 2025, a new ordinance has been enacted to prohibit the retail distribution of plastic bags within the city limits, with certain exceptions.			additional info...







introducing snowpaths 


introducing snowpaths, annapolis' new snow tracking initiative that provides residents, businesses and visitors real-time gps trackin gof winter road maintenance during snow and ice events.			learn more...







annapolis transit development plan 


transit development plan will provide a roadmap for the development and enhancement of transit services over the next five years in the city and surrounding areas.			learn about the plan...











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 





 














media releases and upcoming events
 






  
 
 







news flash








press release: city of annapolis offices to close at 1 p.m. on tuesday due to winter weather 

read on...




press release: annapolis prepares for winter weather expected tuesday 

read on...




press release: city offices to close on monday, feb. 17  in observance of president’s day 

read on...




press release: hairstylist to the stars kendall dorsey to receive  ‘key to the city’ 

read on...





view all releases...




/civicalerts.aspx


  




 




 
 


  
 
 











 














stay connected with annapolis
 






  
 
 





 facebook
 instagram




 facebook










 instagram





        view this profile on instagram            the city of annapolis, md (@cityofannapolismd) • instagram photos and videos 






 
 



  
 









 
 













city youtube








boards and commissions youtube








city agendas & videos










 
 
 



 














city of annapolis recreation & parksannapolis recreation and parks enriches the quality of life for the annapolis community by providing recreational, educational, and wellness programs within facilities, parks, and natural open spaces.view our current program guide








maps & gisvisit city of annapolis open data portal. discover public data, tools, and resources from the city of annapolis.read on…








resilience and sustainabilityresilience and sustainability are compatible concepts, but they’re not the same thing. an idealcommunity, economy, or business will be both resilient and sustainable. the deputy city manager for resilience and sustainability works from the city manager's office to enhance the natural environment within the city of annapolis through policies and programs.read more...










 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact city







	city of annapolis


	160 duke of gloucester


	annapolis, md 21401



	mayor’s office: 410-263-7997


email us


more contact info >
 






  
 







useful links







daily police reports



bus schedules



do i need a permit?



online bill pay



refuse schedule



employee login









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







site links







accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy



sitemap



social media comments policy



terms of use









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




































arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









