









welcome to pra, the leading corporate event planner






















































skip to content
















 services digitalengagementsexperience boxesexperiencescreativeproductionthemed eventsdestination programsteam buildingadventures and excursionsoffsite eventstransportation logisticsdestinationsour workabout 40th anniversaryour peopleleadership teamoffices and global salesexplore careersnews blogwebinarscontact usrequest a proposalcontact usservices digitalengagementsexperience boxesexperiencescreativeproductionthemed eventsdestination programsteam buildingadventures and excursionsoffsite eventstransportation logisticsdestinationsour workabout 40th anniversaryour peopleleadership teamoffices and global salesexplore careersnews blogwebinarscontact usrequest a proposalcontact us 














search for:









request a proposal 





search for:










 





loading...







we create unique experiences that move hearts,minds and businesses forward 


explore and collaborate
digital solutions







 















homealex fleming2021-09-08t14:45:32-05:00









what we do for you
you have an important responsibility to deliver experiences which make a positive difference on your business. your task is tall, year after year and place to place. craft increasingly engaging, memorable and flawless corporate programs that move your business forward. easy to say. hard to do. pra will collaborate with you virtually or anywhere in the world to make those experiences extraordinary for you and your participants – every time.
deliver extraordinary digital or in-person experiences with complete confidence, anywhere, with the business event management experts at pra.













outdoor experiences



digital experiences

















industry leaders
we have been driving positive change in this industry for over 40 years, and we’re just getting started.
learn more





strategic & creative
we start with listening to your needs and end with delivering cutting edge, immersive experiences that wow your attendees.
see for yourself





experience anywhere
our fully integrated offices and global strategic partnerships make it easy for you to do business with us and achieve consistent quality, anywhere.
where to?




news and blog
read moredestination highlights
view more












 
 



be an insider
get inspiration and insights on a vast array of event ideas, destinations and excursions sent straight to your inbox each month.
sign up








 corporate headquarters 
one north lasalle st., suite 1800
chicago, il 60602

 copyright © 2025 pra events, inc.

 

 phone: (312) 667-5117
email: info@pra.com

 

careersprivacy policy







 

 



corporate headquarters

one north lasalle street suite 1800 - chicago, il 60602
phone: 1 (312) 667-5117

 x

 stay current on the hottest ideas and destinations.





first name*last name*email address*

captcha
  


















 
 
 
 





this site uses cookies to provide you with the best possible experience.  by clicking accept, you agree that we can use them.  for more information, please read our privacy policy which explains cookies in more detail and how pra uses them. thank you for visiting pra.comcookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. 






								functional							


functional





									functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								






								performance							


performance





									performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								






								advertisement							


advertisement





									advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								






								others							


others





									other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								












save & accept



































































































































































skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset















