



vcu institute for women's health - virginia commonwealth university










            skip to header
        
            skip to main navigation
        
            skip to main content
        
            skip to footer
        




vcu institute for women's healthschool of medicine



search



                close
            








search






            menu
        





            about iwh
        


            research
        






            women's health research day 2025
        


            research development groups
        


            women's health research day - previous awards
        




            education
        






            women's health and healing in guatemala
        


             health of women conference
        






            exhibitor information
        


            current exhibitors
        






            bircwh
        






            vcu bircwh program overview 
        


            bircwh scholars
        


            bircwh program leadership
        


            bircwh application information
        




            agie
        






            about
        


            leadership team
        


            pilot program
        












institute for women's health team
women's health research day, 2024
women's health and healing in guatemala




women's health research day award winners 2023 
 health of women conference



institute leaders at research day








 
about the institute
the vcu institute for women’s health (iwh) is a chartered university-wide institute approved by the board of visitors in 1999. it is the only community of scholars across vcu that conducts, promotes, and integrates interdisciplinary research, education, and community engagement in women’s health and sex differences. as the central coordinating entity for women’s health research at vcu, iwh has been instrumental in identifying new and emerging opportunities and influencing institutional priorities related to women’s health research. we support research on all aspects of women's health including cardiovascular health, cancer, mental health and addiction, neuromusculoskeletal health, and maternal-child health as well as research investigating the biological mechanisms underlying sex differences in health and disease. the work produced by the institute improves the health and well-being of women and men across the lifespan. 
since its establishment, iwh has achieved major accomplishments in the areas of research, education, and community engagement and has increased the university’s visibility as a national leader in women’s health. in 2003, the institute was designated by the u.s. department of health and human services office on women’s health as one of 20 national centers of excellence in women’s health. the institute currently has over 170 affiliate faculty representing 12 schools from across vcu.
mission
the mission of the vcu institute for women’s health is to advance interdisciplinary research and provide education and training in women’s health and sex differences, foster community engagement, support women in science, and promote standards of excellence in women’s health care toward the goal of improving the health of women across the lifespan. 
vision
the vcu institute for women’s health is a dynamic leader for the university’s collective efforts in women’s health and a national model of excellence. 
goals

research: develop, support and facilitate interdisciplinary basic, clinical, behavioral, translational, and community-engaged research in women’s health and sex differences by identifying and pursuing funding opportunities, fostering collaborations across schools and departments, facilitating research development groups, mentoring junior investigators, and providing opportunities for research dissemination. 
education: develop education and training programs in women’s health for professionals, faculty, students, and the community. 
community engagement: engage community partners to create opportunities for women’s health research and education, support dissemination of culturally relevant health information, and increase linkage to healthcare services and ongoing research in women’s health and sex differences. 

 














virginia commonwealth university

vcu institute for women's health


            730 e. broad street
4th floor, suite 4200box 980319richmond, va 23219
        

 804-827-1200

 804-827-0957

 susan.kornstein@vcuhealth.org



for patient care, please contact vcu health: 
phone: 804-828-9000  toll free: 800-762-6161 fax: 804-560-7343 

women's health at vcu health
vcu health medical services

 




privacy

accessibility

webmaster

compass: the university web framework

updated: 02/03/2025
        







