



the barnett shale - landman, leases, mineral domain, chain of title, 
operators, producers, information, guidelines, drilling, tceq, epa, 
requirements.  www.thebarnettshale.com














    
					the barnett shale  



 










the barnett shale 
					is a natural gas source bed rock that stretches over 16 to 
					21 north texas counties and is still actively being 
					discovered.  its 6,000 + square-mile reservoir is already 
					the second largest producing on-shore domestic natural gas 
					field in the united states after the san juan basin in new 
					mexico and colorado. at three different times spread out by 
					100 million years, texas was actually a shallow ocean that 
					stretched up the central plains and even carried up into and 
					through canada.  the first 100 feet of ocean is considered 
					the photo eukaric zone since light can penetrate the first 
					100 feet.  with light and heat being a factor in this 
					shallow body of water we can assume these oceans had a huge 
					phytoplankton and zooplankton population and with that, 
					massive coral reef beds were created by filtering the 
					massive plankton population.  this was the environment in 
					most of texas some 300 to 600 million years ago as the ocean 
					came in and out at least three different times in the fort 
					worth basin.  the barnett shale gas field was discovered by 
					wildcatters in the early 1950's who were pioneering the 
					conglomerate, marble falls, pregnant shale, and strawn 
					zones. if you have a new lease or acreage available 
					and would like to have it reviewed for our projects or 
					modified for any reason such as surface sentimental reasons 
					please email:
					
					landman@lonestarnaturalgas.com  please include the 
					county, acreage, abstract numbers, and previous leases if 
					any.

the technology to produce from the 
					barnett shale did not evolve until 1980. this is the 
					first area in the entire world where we are pioneering the 
					art of producing natural gas from a source bed rock and it 
					is alive and anaerobic.  


chris sanders has 
					revolutionized the art of turning co2 into oxygen and 
					natural gas while simultaneously reducing co2 in the 
					atmosphere the result is the first "circle of life" between 
					our ecosystem and the petroleum anaerobic bacterial world. the 
					vast majority of the industry is unconcerned with the oxygen 
					output, co2 reduction, or the circle of life, instead an 
					industry wide success rate of 97% and 5% of the nations 
					natural gas supply make this field the most active onshore 
					drilling play in the united states. -
					
					chris.sanders@yahoo.com 




 in fact, in every other area of the 
					world, every drop of oil and natural gas has already escaped 
					from the source and has been actively working its way on up 
					to the surface only to be trapped by structure and horizons 
					of geological time zones.  in these upper production 
					zones, a degree of permeability and porosity must exist so 
					that we can produce from the formation.  the barnett 
					shale has almost no porosity and no permeability which was 
					the reason why until now source bed rocks have not been 
					produced from.  therefore it is safe to say that these 
					explorers will spread their knowledge of source bed rock 
					stimulation and production throughout the world. so what is 
					going on here in texas is extremely different because every 
					operator and producer here is a pioneer in the most advanced 
					cutting edge and active play in the world. 



shale consists of very fine grained 
					particles of quartz and clay minerals.  it is 
					consolidated mud that has been deposited in lakes, seas, 
					inland oceans, and other similar environments.  about,  
					forty five (45%) percent of all exposed sedimentary rocks 
					are shales.  



organic 
					sedimentary rocks are formed from organic debris.  
					it is the deposit of once-living organisms all collected and 
					sealed into a medley of what once was. (shells, corals, 
					calcareous algae, wood, plants, bones etc.)  although 
					they are a form of clastic rock, organic rocks tend to 
					contain a larger amount of immaculately preserved fossils, 
					which laid down near the place where the animal, coral, 
					plant, or plankton once lived.  



as the rocky 
						mountains formed, several separate ocean beds were 
						created in the state of texas and are identified as the 
						delaware basin, the permian basin and the fort worth 
						basin. the barnett shale is in the fort worth basin and 
						because of its maturity and age we are able to frackture 
						and produce from this blanket formation. the permian 
						basin sets an example from its exploration history and 
						research being from coral reef beds itself.  the 
						word "frack" is used as a term out on the oil patch that 
						describes our ability to frackture and stimulate zones 
						horizontally by creating new channels and areas while 
						increasing the porosity and permeability of an area out 
						side of the production pipe we have just perforated.  
						perforating is shooting through the production casing 
						and into our zone.  in this case the "barnett shale 
						zone" is the organic settlement of life itself proving 
						the theories of oceans, ice ages, volcanoes, and 
						meteorite impacts.  however, this field is 
						completely different in many aspects.  this ancient 
						shallow ocean in which the barnett shale is believed to 
						be divided in two zones; the upper and lower barnett 
						shale. by producing and reviewing logs in the primary 
						core of the barnett shale i have noticed three zones; 
						this proves three flooding events.  under the 
						primary core and three layers you will find a thick 
						layer of obsidian 
						(obsidian is a blackish translucent glass). this is 
						probably the result of a meteorite impact in conjunction 
						with several triggered volcanic eruptions, which then 
						caused the ice ages and eventually the oceans.  the 
						first two ocean occurrences were closer together in time 
						and defined as the "lower zone"; the third one spanned 
						at least 100 million years later which is now called the 
						"upper zone".
						 



time zones are 
					geologically missing from this shale area, which perplexes 
					others as to what happened to this time frame in the barnett 
					shale.  my only assumption is that the oceans 
					continually existed in this time and either eroded or 
					absorbed the span of these missing formations.  we have 
					three faults and three times that the ocean came in and out 
					of the fort worth basin spread out over 300-700 million 
					years we also have three vertical faults in the shale.  
					unlike most formations these barnett shale faults are areas 
					to avoid because they are incapable of producing any gas or 
					form of production such as the muenster arch basin fault 
					zone.   add plate tectonic action and 200 million 
					more years for maturity and we have our current situation 
					today. at the core area of the barnett shale we find the 
					third zone in this shale which is the existence of the first 
					ocean sediment itself. also in this lower level there is 
					more maturity and higher levels of gas and condensate with a 
					higher (btu) british thermal unit rating. 


obsidian is found 
					underneath this third layer proving some meteorite and 
					volcanic activity before the creation of these oceans.  
					the northern and older part of the barnett shale between 
					denton and decatur produces a higher 1278-btu rating as we 
					follow the shale south to fort worth the btu drops to 
					966-btu.  i have noticed that some operators are only 
					successful in certain areas and most of this has to do with 
					their frack techniques in conjunction with either the low 
					btu or high btu areas. co2 stimulation is what i would 
					scientifically recommend to induce breathing in an anaerobic 
					organic environment. major oil companies have decided to 
					concentrate in different areas of this shale and even other 
					new shale discoveries because of their different frackturing 
					techniques, beliefs, discoveries, and abilities. by inducing 
					the anaerobic environment with co2 we stimulate oxygen and 
					natural gas.  we can then separate the natural gas into 
					hydrogen and co2 we then use the hydrogen and return the 
					"co2" to the "anaerobic bacteria environment" to produce 
					more "oxygen" and more "natural gas"; the result is the 
					first major "circle of life" between our ecosystem and 
					sustainable natural gas production in the barnett shale.


the reason for failure in the barnett 
					shale play is simple.  spacing and depth are the essentials 
					in producing from this zone.  a fine layer of obsidian 
					covers the ellenberger zone which must be watched and 
					avoided. 60 acre spacing seems to be a common norm for 
					safety in vertical wells.  if a well hits the ellenberger it 
					will produce water and we consider the well "killed".  
					horizontal wells require at least 4 times the normal 
					spacing.  problems: if one of the fracktures goes into the 
					ellenberger zone which is below the barnett shale then all 
					of the gas will follow the path of least resistance and flow 
					into the ellenberger zone which is mainly water here in this 
					area.  certain new companies have learned how to find this 
					gas now trapped in the ellenberger and are working on a 
					purification process which extracts all of the gases and 
					precious metals from the water. some of the water will be 
					used to maintain the water level of lake bridgeport. 


what is creating all 
					of this gas and why is it considered a source bed rock?  
					the shale is basically compacted organic composition and 
					living at a high temperature.  inside this compacted 
					shale we find that it has life and that there is anaerobic 
					bacteria feeding on a decomposed coral reef shale producing 
					gas.  the bacteria i believe lives in an anaerobic 
					environment and can be stimulated with co2, the bacteria in 
					turn is stimulated and literally excretes methane.  
					however the rock is so dense that a lot of the gas stays 
					trapped uniformly perfect and even in the rock.  what 
					happens with this other gas that leaves through the surface 
					of the shale?  it rises and is trapped in other 
					structures and feeds other zones such as the conglomerate.  
					most of these zones were discovered before we discovered the 
					shale because we did not go deeper.  the barnet shale 
					is about at 8900 to 8400 feet deep along highway 380 in 
					between denton and decatur texas.  we know that the 
					ocean  / ellenberger is at around 8000' - 10,000' here. 
					the inorganic theory suggests that petroleum can come from 
					an inorganic- or nonliving source; this theory has failed to 
					produce a single drop of oil or natural gas.  the 
					barnett shale is 100% percent organic and produced from an 
					organic source ( an old dead ocean) it is like having a huge 
					anaerobic digester trapped miles deep and if maintained 
					correctly could last indefinitely.  i use the earth 
					itself as an anaerobic digester much like the one below - 
					but instead of building a container at the surface - i use 
					the shale very much in the same fashion except 7,000 - 
					10,0000 deep.  truthfully, many cities could take 
					advantage of this same principle using large carsts or 
					caverns in connection with the cities sewage systems - the 
					results would immediately produce usable gas just like we 
					are doing in the shale.  look at the anaerobic digester 
					below using cotton hulls it can power over 300 homes in 
					texas -talk about a use for waste! 





					the
					
					united states geological survey estimates that the 
					entire barnett shale field contains 27 trillion cubic feet 
					of gas.  estimates of the size of barnett shale’s 
					reserves are rapidly increasing; the field is starting to 
					make a big impact on the nation’s gas business at a time of 
					declining domestic production and projections of rising 
					demand. gas executives predict that the current production 
					of 1.5 billion cubic feet a day — 2.5 percent of the 
					national output — has the potential to climb to 3 billion to 
					4 billion cubic feet a day in a few years.  new 
					discoveries in the "outer fringes" of the shale define as 
					what mr. jim leatherwood calls "the paleo landscape" this 
					term correctly defines the reason for success and failure 
					due to the result of the ancient ocean's floor and channel 
					contour. the "paleo landscape" is now the wildcatters 
					frontier in the barnett shale.  
questions and 
					concerns?  extremely high gas pressures leak into 
					shallow to deep fresh ground water fields.  the 
					problem.  the annulus in between the production casing 
					and the earth / dirt or ground itself creates a passageway 
					for gas to escape into different horizons.  gas can 
					work its way up a small channel that can develop in between 
					the production casing and the dirt we call this channel the 
					annulus this channel can grow because of extreme lower gas 
					zone pressures and poison large shallow fresh water 
					reserves.  is there a solution?  yes!  in 
					artesia new mexico they noticed a great natural resource 
					early on with their artesian fresh water springs - they did 
					not want to contaminate their naturally carbonated water.  
					so, they cement around the pipe the whole way down 
					destroying the annulus.  yes its more expensive, but 
					water is really more of a precious resource than gas.


the interstate i-35 
					e was the edge of this ocean and as a result it is the edge 
					of the barnett shale zone.  a history of the drilling 
					activity teaches us that the "primary zone" of this barnett 
					shale is in between denton and decatur texas stretching down 
					to fort worth texas.  we know that the zone is thicker 
					and richer in natural gas the further north in the barnett 
					shale and has a higher btu rating @1200 and the further 
					south towards fort worth we find a btu rating @ 996.  
					unlike other source beds we have learned to avoid the fault 
					lines that exist because they do not produce gas and are 
					accurately mapped by geo map on active production in the 
					area.  


frank dux the 
					legendary world champion martial arts bloodsport & kumite 
					master is using money from the barnett shale to save the 
					rainforests and children throughout the world.  the 
					three men run dux inc. and are asian ambassadors for the 
					clean world wide water plan.   the plan combines 
					natural gas generators, solar panels and wind generators 
					which feed water dehumidifiers for constant clean water and 
					constant hydrogen energy. these three men not only hold the 
					key to world wide freedom but they educate everyone about 
					the answer to save everyone by providing clean water to 
					every child, animal, crop, and city throughout the world, by 
					using the sun, the wind, and commercial dehumidifiers 
					together as the sustainable solution.  the water 
					extracted in the atmosphere is the cleanest water ever 
					tested according to the environmental protection agency 
					(epa).  the cost of water extraction is free because of 
					sustainable integration (solar & wind) the results are the 
					keys to world wide freedom and peace.  the technology 
					is the exact reverse of what is done in the barnett shale to 
					stimulate anaerobic life.


the most interesting 
					thing about this barnett shale is how solid it is.  
					typically when we measure for permeability or porosity we 
					calculate in darceys as a form of measurement.  
					however, in the barnett shale we calculate our porosity and 
					permeability in anchstroms or shall i say, atomic measure.  
					this means that the shale is so tight that gas has a hard 
					time escaping it.  drilling through the shale is like 
					drilling through a brunswick pool table or bowling ball.  
					yet we find several interesting factors in the shale itself 
					such as micro fractures that travel from the north east to 
					the southwest.  we use these micro fractures when we 
					horizontally drill to utilize the structure in combination 
					with the multi stage frac job.  halliburton has several 
					multi frac techniques that will literally amaze you.  
					using micro radio transmission devices and special fluids 
					the company is literally able to follow each fracture in 
					amazing detail. you get what you pay for and horizontal frac 
					jobs can go easily between 4$ and 12$ million.  devon 
					itself claims that the work itself is very costly and still 
					an educational process.  james hall of devon is leading 
					the industry in horizontal production discoveries and 
					results.


many smaller 
					operators are experiencing the same dramatic results using 
					standard old vertical techniques and open hole completions. 
					open hole completions?  yes, you heard me right.  
					the shale is so very solid that it is more stable than what 
					we could put down there and it allows us to cover more area.  
					the trick in developing this field is spacing.  60 
					acre's seems to be a safe space for wells in the barnett 
					shale.  many of the majors have killed off some of 
					their nearby wells by drilling to close or having a huge 
					horizontal with a bad frack job cross flood the area.  
					the trick in this field is not finding the zone - its not 
					getting greedy.  if you pass the barnett shale you have 
					entered the ocean you hit the ocean you ruined your project.  
					engineers, be ready to spot obsidian which covers the 
					ellenberger zone- the zone you must avoid.  if a nearby 
					well hits the ocean and has fractured into your zone that 
					well has just ruined your production region. that gas will 
					shoot out into the ocean instead of up your hole.


george mitchell 
					pioneered the lower barnett shale and devon has seen its 
					capital gain merely by perforating the upper zones in their 
					existing wells.  however, i believe a majority of their 
					wells were slim hole completed- making a rework not an 
					option.  nevertheless, this company holds about 75% of 
					the barnett shale and its oil and gas leases by production.  
					the story of this barnett shale and its production evolution 
					actually began with the early texas wildcatters that 
					discovered the area and defined the conglomerate.   



the most successful 
					wildcatter in texas history is my father, c.w. sanders (32°) 
					with a wildcat success rate of 87.5% in the days before 
					advanced  3d seismic technology.  he used two very 
					conventional methods for drilling success; one he coined 
					"lineology", whereas you would draw a straight line between 
					two good wells and create a location.  the other 
					involved taking off into the air which was common for us 
					back in the seventies and eighties and then spotting a 
					location from a birds eye perspective which then led to us 
					chasing the cattle off of some dirt road in the middle of 
					nowhere before  making a location.  he is an 
					amazing pilot and would fly high in the sky to get a birds 
					eye view which allowed him to examine the remains of the 
					prehistoric oceans that once covered the lands and since all 
					natural gas and oil comes from the remains of these dead 
					prehistoric oceans this gave us a perfect view because from 
					up above you can see the fault lines, and where the ocean 
					edges existed at different times. he discovered the outer 
					most fringes of these ocean channels later defined as the 
					conglomerate zone which he revealed were fed by an organic 
					source- today it is called the barnett shale.


this picture was 
					taken in 1979, in the back stands texas legendary golden 
					wildcatter c.w. sanders as he discovered evidence of this 
					barnett shale in his logs.  the kid in the picture is 
					me 27 years ago and even at this age i had witnessed my 
					father drill countless successful wildcat wells even in 
					areas now considered to be the core of the barnett shale.  
					even then my father was questioning ways to produce from 
					this zone - however because of production technology at the 
					time and  returns we stimulated zones which were higher 
					in porosity and permeability - something that the barnett 
					shale does not have. so we produced the gas that had already 
					escaped the barnett shale - trapped under structure and 
					ready to burst - this "conglomerate zone" was an exciting 
					early discovery that was ready to be produced and defined.  
					"chris this barnett shale is the source bed rock for natural 
					gas" - my father has been saying this since 1974.


					c.w. sanders with his son chris sanders back in the 
					seventies
					
					chris sanders with his son eden sanders in 2007
my son eden sanders 
					will be learning the ropes from me making us three 
					generations in oil and gas production.

					currently - we are exploring four other shale discoveries in 
					two other areas of texas and in colorado and oklahoma.
					 


(if you are using 
					internet explorer and happen to hear the music on this page
					it is my piano music - i hope you enjoy it)


if you have a new 
					lease or acreage available and would like to have it 
					reviewed for our projects or modified for any reason such as 
					surface sentimental reasons please email:
					
					landman@lonestarnaturalgas.com  please include the 
					county, acreage, abstract numbers, and previous leases if 
					any.
 
					
if you have minerals 
					or are able to execute an oil & gas lease in the barnett 
					shale please contact us as there are many oil and gas 
					companies ready to drill in this highly active and 
					successful area. (currently, i am working on expanding the 
					barnett shale to the north in wise and montague and to the 
					west in jack and palo pinto.  - ( i am interested in 
					anything in denton (west of 1-35), archer, clay, cooke, 
					denton, jack, johnson, montague, palo pinto, parker, 
					tarrant, wichita, and wise county texas.)  in arkansas we 
					will pursue a 30,000 acre study of the shale where we will 
					duplicate some of our fracturing techniques on this new 
					discovery that i call "the circle of life" because we create 
					oxygen from our friends the anaerobic bacteria that breath 
					in co2 and breathe out o2 while producing ng - the barnett 
					shale is a living anaerobic digester.  


the paleo landscape 
					and the birth of the barnett shale began with the defining 
					of the fort worth basin and also the conglomerate zone 
					discovered by early wildcatters such as coke gage, p. 
					ellenberger, t.b. pickens, george mitchell, norman stovall, 
					c.w. "chuck" sanders, frank pitts, f.m. "doc" wigington, and 
					william zuhone. but george mitchell discovered how to 
					stimulate this zone and with that and the established 
					conglomerate zone above it a blanket coverage was quickly 
					defined to be the "barnett shale".  it was soon later 
					known through science that this layer was in fact 
					responsible for feeding the above zones with natural gas and 
					that this was in fact the source bed rock.



					mitchell energy / george mitchell was acquired by devon in 
					january 2002, and began developing the barnett shale in the 
					fort worth basin in the northeast sector of central texas in 
					1981. his down hole man f.m. wigington a.k.a. "doc" has now 
					teamed up with the natural gas group, organic inc., and 
					dedica and is expected to begin production in southern jack 
					county early in 2006. this team along with william zuhone of 
					dedica have the most experience in the shale today.   
					the mississippian-age barnett shale is one of the most 
					uniform stratigraphic units in the basin, outcropping along 
					the flanks of the llano uplift in central texas, where it is 
					about 30 to 50 feet thick. the barnett shale dips gently and 
					thickens to the north, reaching a maximum depth of around 
					8,900 feet and a maximum width of almost 1,000 feet near the 
					texas-oklahoma border.



large fracktures in 
					the barnett shale are created by tectonic stresses created 
					after deposition about 300 million years ago. huge grids of 
					small sized fracktures extend northeast southwest across the 
					area, but could not be produced until onset of newer 
					frackturing techniques. barnett shale production was first 
					established in the newark east field in wise and denton 
					counties, where it grew from less than one billion cubic 
					feet of gas from 25 wells in 1985 to 19.2 billion cubic feet 
					from 306 wells in 1995. during the past five years, 
					production has more than doubled to 40.6 billion cubic feet 
					from over 500 wells.



the barnett shale is 
					really only to the west of i-35 and leaves dallas county 
					pretty much out of the play.  chris sanders has created 
					several new entities which all demand earth friendly and 
					sustainable projects that are combined into his barnett 
					shale projects.  the new family geared to save the 
					children on the planet are called sustainable angels.  
					sanders drilling is now negotiating a drilling program with 
					1.7 million acres that are both ready for natural gas and 
					wind farms.  the firm continues to expand its play area 
					with twenty wells in southeast jack county. in 1998 rich 
					green / chevron / lng and chris sanders experimented with a 
					new stimulation technique that employed water as the 
					fracturing fluid, required significantly less proppant and 
					was about 60 percent less expensive than the conventional 
					stimulation treatments. the technique proved successful and 
					has since been implemented field wide.  september of 
					2005 the team completed its 77 successful well in the 
					barnett shale using this process with the injection of 
					treated carbon dioxide in water.  they also provide 
					millions of cubic feet of oxygen to the atmosphere for our 
					breathing environment because the substrate in the shale 
					transforms this co2 into both natural gas and oxygen. since 
					then a new frack method called the "soda pop" has been 
					developed with 12 wells that have already pushed 22 million 
					dollars in natural gas returns.  currently, they are 
					concentrating on the oil returns of the shale in the north 
					west region of the play.
					 



devon with james 
					hall demonstrated a technique for economically completing 
					the upper barnett shale interval, increasing reserves in 
					their core area by 25 percent, or 250 million cubic feet per 
					well, and expanding the play to previously marginal areas. 
					this new completion technique in combination with a 60-acre 
					spacing infill well drilling program is expected to allow 
					devon energy to increase its barnett shale gas production 
					and open up new areas for exploitation. (devon perforated 
					the upper zone which george mitchell did not stimulate)


natural gas (ng) is 
					hydrogen (h) the only difference is removing the  
					(co2).
					air products and sanco have discussed two joint venture 
					programs involving co2 extraction technologies from both the 
					well head and also from the environment itself.  "the 
					co2 belongs under the surface of the earth where it can be 
					anatomically changed - just as the plants do here on the 
					surface - this substrate does under the earth - because of 
					my findings i have mandated sustainable energy integration 
					field wide on all of my locations and projects so that we 
					can do something for the environment.  by using 
					our natural gas more effectively the same amount of natural 
					gas it takes to heat a sky scrapper can be converted into 
					enough electricity to power an entire city! 







california governor 
					arnold schwarzenegger and new mexico governor bill 
					richardson are now a part of the hydrogen hwy and family - 
					the group pushes for texas because of its proven natural gas 
					resources and areas like the barnett shale which currently 
					produce 5% of the nations natural gas supply that can be 
					converted to provide 100% of the nations electrical and 
					hydrogen needs from hydrogen fuel cell technology that 
					provide oxygen as emissions. 







					 company mandated sustainable integration on all company 
					projects. 
					
					these companies include: dux energy

					lonestar natural gas 

					texas environmental energy group, inc.



					 

 


expansion 
					plans


 


					 
the group has 
					dedicated their revenues for environmental remediation 
					projects over the shale. - through mr. clem palmer and his 
					friends at the (tceq)  texas commission on 
					environmental quality - mr. sanders has agreed to  help 
					remediate some of his projects which might include the 
					buffalo bayou a 73 mile stretch of river connecting houston 
					texas with the gulf of mexico.  already millions of 
					trees are underway and ready for a new homes in texas.  
					the tree is called a kiri tree and produces 10 times more 
					oxygen than any other tree and reduces 10 times more co2 
					than any other tree.  it loves toxicity and cleans up 
					areas and provides a great return on lumber yields 
					equivalent to mahogany and teak.  in texas returns of 
					$500 million dollars per square mile are expected in five 
					years - thumbs up to the "green team" 





					sanders drilling  
life has had 
					a very interesting international demand for my drilling 
					practices.  no more requests for iraq in fact i am 
					looking at contracts to pull our boys into areas of oil 
					production surrounding the major areas of conflict.  
					this year (2011-2014) we have drilling contracts in china, 
					iraq, india, kazakhstan, mongolia, qatar, russia and saudi.  



					 
mr. j.j. torres will 
					be in charge of our expansion efforts into the permian basin 
					for salt water disposal and the eagle ford shale of south 
					west texas. 


the two lifelong 
					friends are dedicated to saving lives and together with the 
					help of frank dux the team will spread the word wide water 
					plan to save lives and provide all with clean water from the 
					atmosphere.  just the knowledge alone of sustainable 
					integration in third world countries makes a tremendous 
					impact and saves lives providing all with the cleanest fresh 
					water.
throughout the 
					united states we shall never be affected by a drought ever 
					again! the answer is here through sustainable integration. 
					governor bill richardson has seen and understands the 
					potential of hydrogen energy.






regional geology

 

 



the subject prospect occurs in 
					the fort worth basin, which is one of most intensively 
					drilled areas in the united states. there are several 
					prominent pay zones as listed below, shallowest first: >
					



strawn sands

usually above 5000' ; 
							occurs as channel sands, extremely productive 
							locally.



caddo lime

occurs below the last 
							strawn sand and may be thick and prolific as at 
							breckenridge.



caddo conglomerates

a series of 
							coarse-grained sands particularly prolific in 
							montague county just to the northwest.



conglomerates

the major pay in this 
							area producing over 3 trillion cubic feet of gas in 
							wise county.



conglomerates 
							atoka-bend

the major pay in this 
							area producing over 3 trillion cubic feet of gas in 
							wise county.



marble falls lime

a zone above the 
							barnett at about 7000&apos;. this may produce in the 
							fletcher well.



barnett shale

"source bed rock" 
							thick hydrocarbon rich shale between 100&apos; 
							-1000&apos; thick occurring at depths below 
							7000&apos; to as deep as 9000&apos;.



obsidian

evidence of a massive 
							explosion or super volcano. - perhaps yellowstone



mississippian reef

thick and prolific but 
							rare, reefs produce mostly to the west or in the 
							bend arch.



viola lime

locally productive on 
							structures in the northern portion of the fort worth 
							basin needs a structural trap.



ellenberger

the deepest pay at 
							nearly 10,000' deep in the deeper portion of the 
							fort worth basin needs a structural trap. two major 
							epics the devonian is missing silurian is missing 
							100 of millions of years.






key 
					advantages of drilling and producing in the barnett shale



the three 
					key advantages of shale gas plays are as follows: moderate 
					development costs, high success rates, and slow production 
					decline rates. the rapid growth in the late 1980s and early 
					1990s in the barnett shale which is being repeated today in 
					the antrim shale, and san juan basins, is driven by the 
					powerful economic incentives of low risks and low reserve 
					finding costs. recent technological advances in hydraulic 
					fracturing, coupled with the application of multiple 
					fracture stimulations over the life of a well to recover 
					additional reserves create an attractive opportunity to 
					produce in the barnett shale.


over 700 hundred 
					wells have been
					
					drilled in the barnett without a dry hole. many of these 
					will produce over 1 bcf with the best at 2 bcf; some areas 
					produce less with an average of about .5 bcf. the barnett 
					shale gas has a btu from 950 in the south to about 1250 in 
					the fletcher area, garnering a premium from $0.30 to 
					$0.50/mcf. barnett shale wells have been producing for over 
					14 years, thus some wells may produce for 20 years or more.


for many large 
					producers, their high overhead costs prohibit aggressively 
					pursuing small, yet highly productive areas like the barnett 
					shale.  however, for smaller operators like carrillo, 
					chief, conoco, crown, diablo, eden oil, kiri inc., eog, 
					dedica, devon (dvn),
					dux,
					
					lonestar natural gas, magnetic, marathon, navajo, organic, phillips 66, photosynthesis, prime resources, star 
					of texas,  tema, trinity, tristate energy, maverick, 7777, (lng) 
					and zuhone -  with operating and overhead cost 
					structures streamlined, the barnett shale play truly becomes 
					a success simply because of reserve potential and blanket 
					coverage. - if you would like to offer a lease or property 
					to any of these companies contact
					the 
					county landman.






					angel investors are dedicated to bring clean water and 
					abundant and pure energy to the world. we have found the 
					answer using solar, wind, and natural gas, in conjunction 
					with the hydrogen fuel cell. the energy is clean and on two 
					acres we can power 500,000 people with zero emissions while 
					creating clean water.  our goal is to build 600 
					hydrogen power plants.  america can have zero 
					emissions. we get the hydrogen from natural gas and convert 
					it into electricity with zero emissions.  say good bye 
					to "clean coal" and hello to "hydrogen, oxygen, water, and 
					natural gas".  our angel investor crew is ready to 
					operate and build the hydrogen highway for the state of 
					texas - currently,  angel investors are pushing 
					governor rick perry of texas with the same environmentally 
					conscious contracts signed by governor arnold schwarzenegger 
					of california and governor bill richardson of new mexico.
this is an
					
					interesting link that will show you the earths, oil 
					production, population, births, deaths, carbon dioxide 
					emissions and average temperature. 


					 
expert companies 
					producing the barnett shale include:



the 
					county landman

					us basins -
					united 
					basin

the 
					anadarko basin | 
					
					the appalachian basin   |  
					the dj 
					basin  |   
					the 
					fort worth basin   |  
					
					the illinois basin   | 
					the 
					permian basin   |  
					the 
					williston basin
us shale plays
 the 
					bakken shale  |
					the 
					huron shale  | 
					the 
					niobrara shale
 

expert companies 
					exploring the shale

 






								 chevron  
								| 
								
								conoco - phillips   | 
								
								continental  | 
								
								devon  |    eog 
								/ eogresources  |
								
								enron  |
								
								halliburton  |
								
								lonestar natural gas  |
								
								schlumberger  |
								
								shell  | 
								
								sanders drilling | 
								
								sustainable angels | 
								
								united basin  | 
								
								wind energy



 





								this site and its content are not public domain 
								and are protected by 
								© copyright 1993-2017 unauthorized distribution 
								is a violation of applicable laws 








			 



 


