






citizens for a scenic florida |





































facebook


 












home
about us

statement of purpose
executive committee
board members
advisory board
scenic hero – lifetime achievement award
seven principles of scenic conservation
letters and feedback
florida’s scenic affiliates
scenic america


the brinton library

about bill
public reference

newsletters
public records requests

chapter 119, florida statutes
florida department of state corporate records
political contributions
filings with the sec by billboard companies
sample requests – florida
printouts of billboards permitted by fdot
federal freedom of information act
sample request – federal


scenic subjects

trees
billboard safety
bus benches
cell towers
florida’s scenic highways
human signs
land preservation
neighborhood inventory of visual pollution (nivp)
scenic intersections

sarasota roundabouts


street lights – led
undergrounding
wildlife habitat certification


case law

reed vs. gilbert
grand jury on tree cutting case


success stories

tallahassee’s canopy roads
the greening of destin
jacksonville referendum


inspiration

the goodliest land
quotes


links


csf collection

images

classics
billboards
building size billboards
other advertising


archived reference




news
contact us

address, phone, email
newsletter sign up
support us


 





select page


  
 



 



 













enhance, preserve, protect florida's visual environment
stay informed









william d. brinton library
visit online








keep florida scenic for generations
join













take action
advocate the cause in your community or become a member. there are so many ways that you can help.








stay informed
sign up for our newsletter, join us on our facebook page and participate in communicating with others.








support us
there are many ways to support the cause. one of those is to become a member or donate!







scenic news






making room for billboards: “a giant tree in miami waterfront park was chopped down by the city — without city approval”
photo: jose a. iglesias, elnuevoherald.com "a 35-foot tall ficus tree thought to be among the oldest in maurice a. ferré park was chopped down by the city of miami without any advance notice or a removal permit. what will take the beloved tree’s place? the city claims...
read more



“florida house unanimously approves bill to designate a1a as ‘jimmy buffett memorial highway”
photo: orlando weekly, jimmy buffett facebook "the florida house on thursday unanimously approved a proposal to designate florida a1a, from the florida keys to nassau county, as 'jimmy buffett memorial highway'... 'over the course of the last 50-plus years, he went...
read more



stopping rapid tree loss with water resources improvements: “tampa to plant 30,000 trees by 2023 to restore city’s canopy”
photo: fox 13 tampa photo: fox 13 tampa "the city of tampa will be adding hundreds of trees in two communities as part of the mayor’s mission to plant 30,000 new trees by 2030. 'we were known, previously, as having one of the best tree canopies in the world,' mayor...
read more



“cells of people living in greener areas age more slowly, research finds”
photo: james houser new orleans/alamy "many studies have shown that people living in greener neighborhoods have several health benefits, including lower levels of stress and cardiovascular disease. but new research indicates that exposure to parks, trees and other...
read more



giant billboard in miami
photo: matias j. ocner, miami herald - a view of a 10-story led billboard being constructed next to the pérez art museum miami on friday, jan. 26, 2024, in downtown miami, fla. "...outrage over a supersized digital billboard rising on miami’s waterfront may spark a...
read more



century long cycle of hurricanes help move florida’s mangroves north:  “part of the puzzle explained by centuries of history”
photo: wjxt "researchers have observed an increase in mangrove trees in southern amelia island, florida, in recent years. this is well north of the plant’s typical cold-sensitive habitat. historically, mangroves have been limited to southern florida. however, they are...
read more



“us climate change reforestation plans face key problem: lack of tree seedlings”
photo: chamillewhite/getty images/istockphoto/the guardian "us tree nurseries do not grow enough trees and lack the plant species diversity to meet ambitious plans, research says only 56 of 605 plant nurseries -  10% – grow and sell seedlings in the volumes...
read more



“tiny forests with big benefits”
photo: cassandra klos for the new york times "the tiny forest lives atop an old landfill in the city of cambridge, mass. though it is still a baby, it’s already acting quite a bit older than its actual age, which is just shy of 2. its aspens are growing at twice the...
read more



a multimedia presentation  “led lights are meant to save energy. they’re creating glaring problems”
photo: national park service composite of 47 images about this multimedia story: "the national park service captured the images showing the night sky and light pollution in chelan county. to create a full picture of the night sky, nps stitched together 47 different...
read more



“tampa’s tree canopy at 26-year low, report finds”
photo: 2016 tampa city of tampa tree canopy and urban forest analysis "carley morgan and her husband picked their south tampa home, in part, because of the trees on the property. 'they make a difference on our energy cost and it makes the landscaping look so much...
read more



vote is tomorrow! what happens in miami doesn’t stay in miami
graphic: dna "the mayor of miami thinks it's ok to disregard downtowners' opinion... yesterday, we [downtown neighbors alliance in miami] received word from the mayor's office that he has no intention of pulling the ordinance he's sponsoring to fill downtown with...
read more



eckerd college designates 9 new wildlife habitats
photo: gabber "soon, signs like these — provided by the national wildlife federation to gardens that provide food, water, shelter, and breeding grounds to local wildlife — will be installed at nine new wildlife habitats on the campus of eckerd college. the...
read more



“this florida city gets the state’s first ‘dark sky’ certification”
photo: steven miller photography in tampa bay times "groveland’s work over the last three years to replace light fixtures will allow the night sky to shine clearer and brighter than it has in decades. about 30 miles west of orlando sits groveland, a rural town of...
read more



state awards $1.8 million to rainbow river restoration project
photo: sean arnold, riverland news "a pilot project to remove muck and invasive plants in the lower rainbow river was awarded a $1.8 million grant in the latest florida budget signed by gov. ron desantis on june 15. the rainbow river restoration project was launched...
read more



“local resident’s controversy on floating structure in st. johns county waters”
photo: cbs 47 action news jax "...st. john’s county commissioners discussed an ordinance that would prohibit floating structures. jeffrey thomas is the owner of hurricane watersports on the matanzas inlet. some of the water rentals he provides to visitors are paddle...
read more



“city of clearwater touts new coachman park as destination spot”
video: bay news 9 tampa clearwater's new coachman park opened to the public june 28. "'i’ve never seen anything like it,' said mayor brian aungst, sr. 'it’s phenomenal, and i really do think people are going to gravitate here.' 'it’s a game changer. it’s a catalytic...
read more



“bald cypress planting caps key biscayne’s recognition as tree city usa”
photo: juan castro olivera "key biscayne residents will have it made in the shade soon, with 59 trees to be planted from a miami-dade county neat streets grant, and a 60th tree which was recently planted at lake park with the help of young students from the k-8...
read more



“the english property forest gets closer to florida forever’s 2024 buy list”
photo: patricia moynihan / wfsu public media "paul russell road is one of several that bisects the english property forest a plan to save part of the english forest in tallahassee from development has moved a step closer. the acquisition and restoration council of...
read more











photo:the defuniak herald
legal update: “new motions filed in federal lawsuit involving private beach signs”
“”beachfront property owners who had sued walton county in federal court over its ordinance banning unpermitted obstructions on the beach such as ropes, chains, signs, and fences, have filed new motions in the case.
among other requests, they have asked the court for a stay on discovery proceedings in connection with common law customary right issues until the court resolves the property owners’ claims against another ordinance, the customary use ordinance approved by walton county on oct. 25…the ordinance banning unpermitted obstructions on the beach stated that it applied to the beach as defined as ‘the soft sandy portion of land lying seaward of the seawall or the line of permanent dune vegetation.’
the plaintiffs, ed and delanie goodwin, owners of beachfront property at fort panic in south walton county, had filed their lawsuit in july 18, soon after walton county approved the ordinance disallowing beach obstructions.
the litigation was in the form of a civil rights lawsuit. it alleged that the county ordinance prevented beachfront owners from using signs to convey messages, including those indicating property boundaries and private ownership—and that the ordinance therefore impeded signs as ‘a medium of speech.’ as such, the property owners maintained, the ordinance ‘violates the first amendment on its face.’ they asked the court to bar enforcement of the ordinance, among other requests. in an august 15 response, walton county argued that the property owners’ case was not ‘about’ free speech but was instead a disguised property rights position aimed at securing ‘a beachhead against the potential determination that the public has gained the right of use of the subject beach through the customary use doctrine.’
the county further stated that the ordinance did not interfere with the property owners’ ability to ‘display on their property any message they like in any manner they like, even using signs, so long as they comport with the restriction as to location.’ signs, according to the county response, ‘are implicated only to the extent that they constitute an obstruction on the beach.’
in an aug. 19 order, m. casey rodgers, chief united states district judge and presiding judge in the case, ordered an evidentiary hearing, observing, in part that, ‘if a public use custom is established, the property owner does not have the right to interfere with the public’s right of use and enjoyment…and thus the plaintiffs’ alternative means of communication, i.e., placing signs on the remainder of their property, would be adequate.’ adding that the ‘custom and use doctrine requires a fact-intensive inquiry that must be determined on a fully developed record,’ judge rodgers stated that this issue would ‘decide the merits of the suit.’ she ordered thus proceeding with the trial on its merits, with it to be consolidated with a hearing on the preliminary injunction sought by the plaintiffs.
the goodwins were allowed to amend their original complaint to include both the obstruction and customary use ordinances. on nov. 14 they filed a motion requesting an injunction against the recently-approved customary use ordinance, arguing that it represented a ‘taking’ of their property.
the customary use ordinance provides for public ‘at large’ to utilize the dry sand areas of the beach without interference for traditional recreational activities—with the exception of a buffer zone to be set aside at a distance seaward of the toe of the dune, or at the same distance from any privately-owned permanent habitable structure on or adjacent to the dry sand areas of the beach, whichever is more seaward.
the nov. 14 motion was followed the next day by a motion by the goodwins for a stay of discovery proceedings in connection with common law customary right uses of the beach until their taking claims in connection with the customary use ordinance had been resolved.
in the latest filing, on nov. 21, walton county responded to the plaintiffs amended complaint, asking the court to grant a motion requiring a ‘more definite statement’ from the plaintiffs, calling the complaint: ‘a vague, ambiguous, incoherent jumble.'”
— dotty nist, the defuniak herald
read entire article



boca: “first sharrow placed in city neighborhood”
“the city has installed its first sharrow, a shared lane marking and sign for motorists and bicyclists that could be a model for other neighborhoods with a heavy bike presence…
 
the city makes its own signs, so the sharrow cost $240…
 
a cyclist rounded the corner on a recent visit, but stayed to the right where bike lanes are usually marked. sharrows use the existing travel lanes, but the marking makes it clear it’s a shared roadway, said joy puerta, a city transportation analyst and the former pedestrian and bicycle coordinator who’s known as a bike and pedestrian expert.
 
‘this is an informal pilot program, another tool to identify those corridors that have been designated as bicycle corridors throughout the city,’ woika said. ‘the city’s bicycle map has them identified.’
 
‘it alerts the motorists of the location where bicyclists are likely to occupy the travel lane and where you should be, and those two elements combined help improve the safety,’ said jim sumislaski, chairman of the city’s citizens’ pedestrian and bikeway advisory board and with kimley-horn, the design consulting firm.
 
‘i’m pretty confident it will be a successful pilot project and the city will look for other corridors to implement the same type of marking,; said sumislaski, who specializes in roadway design…
 
he had ‘a few clients in miami doing this and were successful with it,’ sumislaski said. ‘so at one of the meetings we wondered if boca raton municipal staff had implemented it, and at the time it was no, but they said if they could find a good representative location they would do a pilot project and see how it goes. we had suggested an appropriate location and they came back and found a location.’
 
the florida department of transportation’s manual of uniform minimum standards, also known as the florida greenbook, has sharrows in the plans, puerta said.”
— marci shatzman, sun sentinel






diagram: figure 9-3 florida greenbook

download florida greenbook
read entire article








developer who supports scenic beauty, buys property and bulldozes billboard!
“this billboard was purchased by a local development company, dream designs, inc. in rapid city, sd, so that they could take it down, and use the land for housing.  they supported scenic rapid city in 2011 during the billboard initiative.
they knew we would love seeing this video!
‘improving the quality of life is a responsibility of each one of us. thank you both for doing more than your fair share.’
 
— hani shafai, president
dream designs, inc.
 
this billboard was completely non confirming and grandfathered in. it had two boards on each side.  they were two different sizes and oversized in a prime location; on a hill so that traffic had to view it.
it took away from the scenic beauty of our beautiful black hills since it was on the road to mount rushmore national monument but still inside the rapid city limits.'”
— scenic rapid city
visit website





drawing: from tampa bay times
“city planner jeff speck’s vision for tampa’s downtown involves cooler temperatures and more walking. speck is the lead planner overseeing the team working with tampa bay lightning owner jeff vinik and an engineering firm stantec to redevelop land in the channelside area…
 
speck’s vision for the area includes making the city more walkable based on the premise that it has to be ‘simultaneously useful, safe, comfortable and interesting,’ he said. ‘if it’s not all four of those things, people won’t walk.’
 
speck’s prescription for achieving that includes adding parallel parking along the road to make walkers feel more protected than they do now. ‘when a car passes you on the sidewalk, you lack that barrier of steel that makes you feel safe and actually protects you from vehicles coming at you,’ he said.
 
speck also said plans call for creating ‘continuous deep shade’ in the florida heat. ‘every building will likely have either an awning or arcade or something that shadows the sidewalk,’ he said. plans for the area involve adding retail and other destinations to the mix, but speck said the biggest difference in the future may be ‘the number of people on the sidewalks.’
 
— laura mayk, wfla.comread entire article and view video



“the deceptive nature of architectural renderings”
“architects use many mediums to express their designs, ideas, and concepts. they use orthographic drawings, physical models, as well as digital models…how can we differentiate between what is reality and what is a false and biased representation of a building? how about photographs of architecture?
 
when proposing a new design to clients, professors, or peers, an architect needs to find a way to express their ideas and sell them. one of the most successful ways to do this is to present a rendering, or photorealistic image of their project. this, however, has become a problem more recently with the advancement of digital technology in the 21st century with the introduction of 3d modeling, photoshop, and cad. where in the past drawings by hand were clearly seen as ‘artistic’ interpretations of a project, now we have images that are practically indistinguishable as either reality or make believe. this brings into question the validity of every rendering and photograph and whether it is pushed too far from reality or not.
 
it’s not that architects want to be deceptive, but rather that they want to illustrate to clients what they see. sometimes this can be taken too literally by clients, and in return they may feel deceived when the finished project is done. as the profession moves forward architects need to find a better way to bridge the gap between artistic representations and built reality.
 
sources:
 
abdelhameed, wael. “digital- media impact on the representation capability of architects.” web. 17 mar. 2015.
 
asanowicz, alexander. “computer renderings- “reality is overrated”” web. 17 mar. 2015.
 
freeman, belmont. “digital deception: architectural photography after photoshop.”places journal. 1 may 2013. web. 5 feb. 2015. .
 
“harvard design magazine: who pays for the picture?” harvard design magazine: who pays for the picture? web. 6 feb. 2015. http://www.harvarddesignmagazine.org/issues/38/who-pays-for-the-picture
 
hopper, tristan. “architectural illustrators use toolbox of tricks to ‘manipulate’ the way we look at buildings.” national post architectural illustrators use toolbox of tricks to manipulate the way we look atbuildings comments. 9 nov. 2012. web. 8 feb. 2015. .
 
mcguigan, cathleen. “picture perfect.”picture perfect. web. 8 feb. 2015. http://archrecord.construction.com/community/editorial/2012/1201.asp
 
“noticing new york: the surrounding light smears ratner’s atlantic yards arena.” noticing new york: the surrounding light smears ratner’s atlantic yards arena. web. 17 mar. 2015.
 
quirk, vanessa. “are renderings bad for architecture?” archdaily. 6 june 2013. web. 4 feb. 2015. .
 
quirk, vanessa. “rendering / clog.”archdaily. 21 dec. 2012. web. 8 feb. 2015. .
 
shkineva, natalija. “computer graphics as a method of self-deception.” web. 17 mar. 2015.”
 
— tyler garret rafferty, arch daily, 311w, penn state
 
read entire article



miami: commission changes sign code to eliminate advertising towers
delete. throw out. discard. trash.
“…the measure, championed by miami mayor tomas regalado, deletes the term ‘media towers’ from the city’s zoning code known as miami 21.however, an attorney for michael simkins, the miami beach-based developer of the innovation tower [giant led billboard towers], told commissioners that his client plans to move forward with pending permit applications to build the project.’we will continue to implement this development irrespective of what is done today,’ said tony recio, a partner with weiss serota helfman cole & bierman. ‘we look forward to having the permits fairly reviewed and evaluated.’in a statement to the real deal, simkins said he does not believe the new ordinance can be applied to his project. ‘we are disappointed by the commission’s action,’ simkins said. ‘but we expect the city to comply with the law and respect our rights by honoring the sign permit applications and media tower approval by the cra, and processing the sign applications in good faith.’city commissioners frank carrollo, willy gort and marc sarnoff again voted in favor of the ordinance despite an impassioned plea from commissioner keon hardemon, who was the innovation tower’s main supporter because he believes the project will generate jobs and millions of dollars in revenue for overtown. ‘that one time things are moving forward in a community that has been stagnant for such a long time, we make sure we put the roadblock right in the middle of it,’ hardemon said. ‘this is a slap in the face of the overtown community.’
simkins has touted the tower as the anchor to a 10-acre technology district that will help revitalize one of the city’s poorest neighborhoods. hardemon, who represents the district and who is chairman of the southeast overtown/park west community development agency, backs the project because simkins has agreed to pay the semi-autonomous city agency $5 million prior to construction, and $1 million, or 3 percent of gross sales generated by the project every year after completion.
recio also said simkins has committed to giving local preference to overtown residents on construction jobs and for the operation of the innovation tower. in june, prior to the city commission’s first vote, simkins’ company innovate applied for permits to embed the led signs within the skin of the proposed tower’s twisting façade and along its pedestal.
— francisco alvarado, the real deal, south florida real estate news
read entire article
visit miami’s local10 news site




 

 





 website disclaimer
 






facebook



©2025 website by  leap frog group, inc.
 

 
 
 







updates on scenic issueswe cover relevant news items on the issues of greatest importance around florida and condense it into a monthly update that you can receive. staying informed on the issues and news can make a real difference in your own community.

















subscribe!






you have successfully subscribed!










































