










gendia | home






































































skip to content

















 







 





gendia 
							 


gendia 
							 





 





gendia (genetic diagnostic network)









homeadmin2025-02-04t07:17:48+01:00



in memoriam
in loving memory
patrick j. willems
md, phd
clinical geneticist
founder of gendia
dr. patrick willems, clinical geneticist, director of gendia, passed away on december 28th, 2023.
following a successful academic career, he established the gendia network of genetic diagnostic laboratories in 2003. gendia represented an international network comprising over 100 genetic research laboratories in the united states, europe, asia and australia. it was patrick willems mission to enhance the accessibility, cost-effectiveness and quality of genetic diagnostic methods on a global scale.
patrick was an innovative and exceptional scientist, as well as the author of over 270 peer-reviewed scientific papers published in international journals. he was also a passionate art lover.
above all, he was a deeply loved husband, father, grandfather and friend.
after his passing, the gendia team worked with great dedication to continue the services of gendia. unfortunately, the services of gendia were ceased to stop as of december 31, 2024.  questions regarding historical  analyses (performed until 31/12/2024) can be sent to nancysegers.gendia@telenet.be.
we sincerely thank you for your long-standing collaboration and trust in gendia. patrick cherished the warm relationships he built with many of you, and we deeply appreciate the kind responses and support we received following his passing.
marja wessels
nancy segers
kristel de boulle

important message

nipt and screening tests for inherited diseases (stid) services
aml – sonic healthcare, who has acted as a longstanding and distinguished partner for central lab activities as gendia’s preferred executive laboratory, will assume responsibility for future nipt and  screening tests for inherited diseases (stid) services, ensuring continuity of care.
for any inquiries regarding nipt, screening tests for inherited diseases (stid), please refer to www.aml-lab.be or contact the aml genetics team: genetics@aml-lab.be.
contact us at genetics@aml-lab.be.




 
 

 



toggle sliding bar area





gendia

emiel vloorsstraat 9, 2020 antwerp
phone: +32 3 303 08 01
email: genetics@aml-lab.be
web: www.aml-lab.be

 








 
 
page load link















































































































go to top




