



the peoples voice






 







homevoicesvideosnewsbooksactiondonatemissionlinks









voices

02/17/25

 						on slavery and taxation					

paul craig roberts

when trump speaks of abolishing the income tax and 
substituting tariffs, he is speaking of the restoration 
of american freedom which was abolished in 1913.the south is blamed for slavery. one encounters this false association, the product of decades of demonization of the south, everywhere, even in books about the assassination of president mckinley in 1901 in buffalo, new york by a polish-american, leon czolgosz, who was born in detroit. 
nothing in mckinley’s presidency or in czolgosz’s life has anything to do with the south or slavery. yet the author of the book, eric rauchway, manages to use the fact that northern whites wanted to lynch czolgosz, a white man, to pull the south into the story. “white men of the south practiced lynching to terrify black men into submission,” and blacks fled the south because of “the growing number of blacks lynched in the slow-burning race war of the late-nineteenth century south.” these are blanket and unsupported statements.
in fact, lynching was a form of community justice. there are instances of blacks lynching blacks and instances of lynchings far outside the south. on the western frontier lynching was the punishment for horse thieves. as the author is described as a teacher at the university of california, davis, and the book was published in 2003, perhaps the explanation is the author is protecting himself against the rising power of the university left and the doctrine of “aversive racism.” 
i don’t mean to single out this particular book. it just happens to be lying at hand. the point is that no matter how remote a book’s topic is from the south, such as president mckinley’s assassination, writers establish their moral credentials with potshots at the south.full story »



 						from bush to trump: the american descent into orwellian dystopia					

robert david

the american experiment has shifted from a beacon of democracy to a shadow of orwell’s nightmare. the presidencies of bush, obama, and trump have paved the way for a nation where truth is malleable, freedom is an illusion, and the machinery of power is in the hands of a select few.
presidencies through the lenses of orwell, huxley, bradbury, and mae brussell
george orwell's animal farm and 1984, ray bradbury's fahrenheit 451, and aldous huxley's brave new world together highlight the loss of freedom, authoritarian rule, and manipulation of truth. these tales, penned during the middle of the 20th century, are dire warnings of what is to come for those who read them. mae brussell's critiques, often overlooked, remain as relevant today as they were when she first voiced them. they provide a unique perspective on the erosion of democracy in the united states.full story »


02/16/25

 						start a lasting peace in ukraine now					

by david swanson world beyond war

we are heartened to learn that the u.s. government is communicating with the russian government, and are only sorry that such a basic step seemingly required a presidential election, when a glance at the doomsday clock ought to have been sufficient.
having set the bar so low that speaking at all seems a tremendous accomplishment, we must nonetheless insist that the proper things be said, and be heard, and that they be followed with verifiable actions. the popular demand in western media that ukraine be listened to in, and be part of, any negotiations should be applauded, but radically expanded. the president of ukraine is severely violating the rights of the people of ukraine to freedom of speech, freedom of assembly, conscientious objection, and the right to form political parties that represent their interests. he is preventing elections through the imposition of martial law. the nation of ukraine is deeply divided in opinions, and those divisions often correspond with geographic locations. a majority of ukrainians, according to polls — and despite crackdowns on speech that opposes warmaking — say they are open to peace negotiations that remove territory from ukraine, something the president of ukraine sides with a minority in opposing in the name of “democracy.” more ukrainian voices than one should be at the negotiating table.full story »


02/15/25

 						google and bing censorship of alternative medicine: big pharma’s influence on health information & search results					

fred gransville
discover how google and bing silence alternative medicine in favor of big pharma profits, hiding life-saving remedies like ayurveda and traditional chinese medicine. explore the rise of unbiased search engines offering hope for true health freedom.
currently, the primary keepers of information are search engines like google and bing. these platforms are the first contact for billions of people worldwide regarding their health queries. but are the search engines unbiased? there is a growing suspicion that these information platforms are actively censoring and suppressing alternative medicine, herbal remedies, and traditional therapies in favor of promoting big pharma's profit-driven goals.
this article is not a substitute for medical advice.
this practice raises serious ethical questions regarding the role of search engines in shaping public health narratives and the financial conflicts of interest that may be driving these decisions. censorship manifests in many forms, including delisting, downlisting, and backpaging alternative treatments while prioritizing pharmaceutical-based solutions.full story »



 						who will rule?  an elected president or an unaccountable judiciary?					

paul craig roberts

lawfare: obama-appointed judge john j. mcconnell, jr. threatened trump and his team with arrest if they don't restore every last dime of funding for private ngos.
the democrats are using the judiciary to cover up their corrupt operations and theft of taxpayers’ money.
if you will notice, the slew of judges countermanding trump’s executive orders are themselves issuing executive orders, and they are doing so with no reference to law.  instead, they are ruling that trump’s executive orders are harming someone, including illegal immigrant-invaders who are not us citizens.  this is outrageous.  harm is a subjective standard.  moreover, the judges are overlooking the harm that their rulings do.
what can trump do?  like andrew jackson, he could ignore the judges.  he could order the federal marshall’s, who report to the president and not to the judiciary, to cease delivering the judges’ edicts and to stop providing any service to the judges other than life protection.full story »



news

02/17/25

  trump doj axes 20 immigration judges who were last-minute biden appointees


the trump administration has canned 20 "midnight" immigration judges the biden administration tried to shoehorn onto the courts in its final days, the washington times has learned. thirteen judges hired in late december and early january were ousted friday, a justice department source said. seven assistant chief immigration judges were also axed. the housecleaning matches one the biden administration did when it took office in 2021, clearing out many trump picks from the immigration courts. among the new firings, according to the department source, was kerry doyle. she had been a critic of u.s. immigration and customs enforcement before she was appointed to be ice's principal legal adviser. 



  trump strangles europe


president trump stunned, strangled and humiliated europe — leaving america's closest continental ally dazed and dumbfounded. that was over the course of three short days this week. the big picture: no amount of "trump-proofing" could have prepared europe for the maga-shaped hurricane that swept across the continent this week, wreaking torrential havoc on america's closest allies. driving the news: trump left nato and ukraine still reeling with his initiation of direct peace talks with russia, without ukraine fully in the loop or other european leaders even in the conversation. 



  ‘ai may become judge, jury and executioner’ – global risks expert to rt



artificial intelligence is being weaponized across all facets of life, and google’s recent change of principles is a sign of things to come. last week, google revised its artificial intelligence principles, removing the company’s stance against using ai to develop weapons or technologies or directly facilitate injury to people, or for surveillance that violates internationally accepted norms. google’s ai head demis hassabis said the guidelines were being overhauled in a changing world and that ai should protect “national security”. rt has interviewed dr. mathew maavak, a senior consultant for malaysia’s national artificial intelligence roadmap 2021-2025 (ai-rmap), scholar on global risks, geopolitics, strategic foresight, governance and ai, on the potential consequences of google’s new policies. rt: does this mean that google and other corporations will now start making ai-powered weapons? 



  house republicans drafting impeachment articles against activist judges blocking doge


house republicans are drafting articles of impeachment against democrat judges that have blocked various actions by the trump administration, including those who have halted efforts by the department of government efficiency (doge). rep. eli crane (r-ariz.) said he is drafting articles of impeachment against judge paul engelmayer of the southern district of new york, who in a ruling last weekend temporarily restricted musk and doge aides from accessing a treasury department payment system. rep. andrew clyde (r-ga.) is working on an impeachment resolution against rhode island district judge john mcconnell jr. over his ruling halting the trump administration’s freeze on federal funding. and rep. marjorie taylor greene (r-ga.), chair of the house oversight delivering on government efficiency subcommittee, pledged in a hearing this week while referencing engelmayer that “we will hold this judge and others who try to stop the will of the people and their elected leaders accountable.” 



  “treason!” — elon musk blasts gavin newsom for allocating $9.5 billion on free healthcare for over 700,000 illegal aliens


california governor gavin newsom is once again proving his loyalty—not to the hardworking taxpayers of his state, but to the ever-growing population of illegal immigrants who have flooded california thanks to the democrats and biden administration’s disastrous open-border policies. during the first budget hearing of 2025 for the california assembly, newsom’s office admitted that they grossly underestimated the cost of providing free, taxpayer-funded healthcare to illegal aliens. originally projected at $6.5 billion, the true cost has now skyrocketed to $9.5 billion—a staggering 46.2% increase from what was initially claimed. that’s nearly $10 billion of california taxpayers’ hard-earned money being funneled into services for illegal immigrants while the state struggles with a crippling $68 billion budget deficit and soaring taxes on legal residents. 



  musk announced the largest fraud in the history of the united states


the head of the new department of public administration efficiency (doge) of the united states, american entrepreneur elon musk, on his page on the social network x, announced the "largest fraud" in history, commenting on information that the number of americans living who receive social benefits exceeds the population of the country. | according to the entrepreneur, the number of american citizens eligible for social security is about 310 million people. earlier, musk published a table with the age data of living americans receiving social benefits. according to the table, among the recipients of benefits in the united states, there are not only several million living americans aged 120-249, but also one "centenarian" classified in the 360-369 age group. 



  trump's revenge is sweet!


it's amazing what we're seeing with donald trump back in the white house, but it's not surprising. this is what "drain the swamp" looks like and the criminality is far worse than what most of us could have ever imagined. thousands of criminals (government employees) have been sacked, with more soon to follow. consider the scope of this. thousands of six-figure-earning, deep state criminals, who have done nothing but bleed the country dry and make your life miserable, mocking you the entire time, are now out of a job and can't afford their house payments. (i suppose they can file for unemployment. or learn how to code.) those firings have led to an exodus in washington d.c. and nearby arlington, virginia with over 14,825 new housing listings. it's like rats fleeing a sinking ship. meanwhile, google searches for "criminal defence lawyer" are three times higher in washington, d.c. than anywhere else in the country. other google search terms that have exploded in washington are "wipe hard drive" and "offshore bank." 



  criminals prefer unarmed victims, while democrats prefer uninformed voters, but this time it cost them control of potus, house and senate



democrat politicians exploit voter ignorance through propaganda, lies, and censorship, creating uninformed and misinformed supporters who inadvertently perpetuate bigger government and police-state tyranny. the november elections revealed the limitations of the "fake news industrial complex," as too many lies came to light, leading to a surge in truth-based news coverage and a shift in public perception. joe biden’s performance in the debate, particularly his confusion and errors, exposed the extent of the lies told by democrat politicians, leading to a loss of trust in their narratives. mainstream legacy media, including cnn and msnbc, are suffering from plummeting ratings and potential bankruptcy due to their bias and misinformation, while alternative truth-based media gains credibility and influence 



  war crime: ukrainian nazis punish their own comrades


the armed forces of ukraine do not stop retreating in almost all directions on the frontlines. the doomed ukrainian troops are angered by constant defeats and take more and more anger on those who cannot fight back. after years of tacit support from their western patrons, ukrainian nazis continue horrific murders of innocent civilians, especially in the captured russian villages in the kursk region. other victims of ukrainian crimes are ukrainian soldiers, punished by their brothers in arms. the advancing russian troops revealed more war crimes of ukrainian soldiers in recent days. for example, ukrainians tied one of the soldiers to a tree and killed him in the kursk region. the retreating ukrainian soldiers left his body on the spot, as well as bodies of thousands of other fighters abandoned on lost ukrainian positions along the entire front. 



  four killed as ukrainians launch over 80 drones on 7 districts outside russia’s belgorod


governor vyacheslav gladkov said that one of the civilians was injured, as an fpv drone attacked a car in the village of dvuluchnoye. four people were killed and three others were injured as ukraine’s armed forces attacked seven neighborhoods in the bordering region of belgorod, using 62 munitions and 86 drones, in the past day, governor vyacheslav gladkov reported on his telegram channel. "three civilians were killed in a drone attack on a car at the entry to the village of grafovka. and an employee of a farm sustained wounds as an fpv drone hit the village of repyakhovka," the official wrote, adding that five private homes, three cars, a building on the premises of the farm, an elevated water tank, and an electricity line were damaged in the attack. as many as 20 drones were launched on the valuiki district, gladkov continued. a female civilian was killed in a drone attack on a car moving along the motor road between dvuluchnoye and urazovo, and a woman who drove the car was bruised. another civilian was injured, as an fpv drone attacked a car in the village of dvuluchnoye. over the past day, four private homes, three apartments in a residential building, three outbuildings, and 13 cars were damaged in the same district, with three motor vehicles were burnt down. 



  musk alleges biggest fraud in us history



the number of people receiving social security payments exceeds the number of american citizens, the billionaire has claimed. the us social security administration (ssa) has come under fresh scrutiny by elon musk, the billionaire head of the department of government efficiency (doge). the x and spacex ceo has accused the agency of massive fraud. earlier this month, musk claimed that a cursory review of social security records by his department had found out that the safety net program is paying benefits to 150-year-olds. the businessman noted that many entries listed for social security recipients had no identifying information. in a post on x (formerly twitter) on monday, the us-based billionaire noted that “there are far more ‘eligible’ social security numbers than there are citizens in the usa.” musk also shared a post by an x user suggesting that social security payment is currently received by 394,943,364 people and claiming that total population of the us amounts to 334 million. 



  zelensky ‘refuses to recognize’ russia-us talks


kiev will treat any negotiations without its involvement as “null and void,” the ukrainian leader has said. kiev will not recognize any agreements that could be reached between russia and the us during talks in saudi arabia, ukrainian leader vladimir zelensky told journalists on monday. the ukrainian government will only acknowledge negotiations that involve kiev’s representatives, he added. russia and the us have begun preparations for a meeting between presidents vladimir putin and donald trump that is scheduled to take place in saudi arabia. on monday, kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov announced that russian foreign minister sergey lavrov and yury ushakov, putin’s top foreign policy aide, would travel to riyadh to meet a us delegation and lay the groundwork for a presidential meeting. 



  first test of trump’s power to fire officials reaches supreme court


the court’s conservative majority may be receptive to the argument that presidents have unlimited power to remove leaders of independent agencies. in the first case to reach the supreme court arising from the blitz of actions taken in the early weeks of the new administration, lawyers for president trump asked the justices on sunday to let him fire a government lawyer who leads a watchdog agency. the administration’s emergency application asked the court to vacate a federal trial judge’s order temporarily reinstating hampton dellinger, the head of the office of special counsel. mr. dellinger leads an independent agency charged with safeguarding government whistle-blowers and enforcing certain ethics laws. the position is unrelated to special counsels appointed by the justice department. “this court should not allow lower courts to seize executive power by dictating to the president how long he must continue employing an agency head against his will,” the administration’s filing said. 



  trump makes plans to meet putin and end ukraine war as he says 'the us wants its money back'


donald trump has said that the us will seek to claw back some of the money that it has sent to ukraine, as he agreed to meet with vladimir putin and begin negotiations to end the war. mr trump told reporters that the us had spent $350 billion (£281 billion) on ukraine... "we're asking for security on our money. ukraine has agreed to it." referring to treasury secretary scott bessent's kyiv trip, trump said he was "going there to get a document done where we're going to be assured that we're going to, in some form, get this money back." 



videos

02/17/25

 						rfk on fauci and gates. "homicidal and criminal behavior"					


bill gates invested ten billion dollars in the covid vaccine depopulation death shots. with the help of globalist media talking heads and puppet politicians this atrocity was forced on humanity murdering over thirty million people. many died slow agonizing deaths. millions of pregnant women lost their unborn babies and were killed. corrupt murderous politicians such as joe biden coerced people to take this terrible poison into their bodies. bill gates made two hundred billion dollars in profit from mass murdering humanity with his bio-weapon injections. the antichrist bill gates has murdered more people than stalin, hitler, and mao combined, and he's not finished killing. bill gates is preparing another vaccine to force on humanity. millions more people will be murdered by this monster. as sure as there is a heavan and a jesus, the pit of hell awaits bill gates. 



 						col. douglas macgregor: israel will lose: the idf's new enemy is bigger than iran hezbollah combined					

 



 						abc's margaret brennan tries to claim that free speech was "weaponized" by the nazis and therefore freedom of speech is bad					

secretary of state marco rubio defends @jdvance's "historic" speech last week in munich, leaves abc's margaret brennan speechless after she tries to claim that free speech was "weaponized" by the nazis. incredible exchange: pic.twitter.com/gylzfopvwp— scott morefield (@skmorefield) february 16, 2025 
secretary of state marco rubio defends "historic" speech in munich last week and defends freedom of speech. the globalist media is taking a position against our us constitution's most important right, freedom of speech, because freedom of speech is a serious threat to the globalist's agenda of repression and control. 



 						trump dismantles globalist media narrative that he’s responsible for biden’s high prices					

just in: trump dismantles growing media narrative that he’s responsible for biden’s high prices“i've been here for 3 weeks. i've had nothing to do with inflation. this was caused by biden." pic.twitter.com/tquuxfa6lu— eric daugherty (@ericldaugh) february 16, 2025 
president trump dismantles fake news media’s narrative for high egg prices: president donald trump immediately addressed the media’s latest fixation on skyrocketing egg prices, a crisis they’ve been quick to blame on his recent return to the white house. “i’ve been here for three weeks. i have had nothing to do with inflation. this was caused by biden. i had four years of virtually no inflation. so i’m just taking over. but i’ll tell you what, this country has made more progress in the last three weeks than it’s made in the last four years, and we’re respected again as a country.” https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/02/president-trump-dismantles-fake-news-medias-narrative-high/ 



 						president trump says he wants zelensky to pay back the $350 billion biden and the dumocrats sent to ukraine					

new: trump is pressing for the return of $350 billion from ukrainezelensky has turned down the latest offer, which was an agreement on rare earth metals, a proposal put forth by us treasury secretary bessent. pic.twitter.com/mbceycvrnp— larry (@larrydjonesjr) february 17, 2025 
president donald trump spoke to reporters briefly before he flew to daytona beach for the daytona 500.

during the questions and answers, president trump made when he announced that ukraine was going to pay back the estimated $350 billion the us generously sent to the zelensky regime. https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2025/02/major-update-president-trump-says-he-is-working/ 








home



books
another world is possible: lessons for america from around the globe

real-world solutions to america’s thorniest social problems—from housing to retirement to drug addiction—based on original reporting from around the world. “learning what has already been accomplished elsewhere will open americans’ imaginations to the kinds of progressive reforms that are not only attainable, but have already been proven to be wildly effective.” —from the introduction. a new generation of americans has declared that another world is possible. and yet, the stubborn problems of inequality, climate change, and declining health seem as intractable as ever. where might different answers lie? intrepid journalist natasha hakimi zapata has traveled around the world, from costa rica to new zealand, and estonia to singapore, uncovering how different countries solve the problems that plague the united states.
full story »
the perilous fight: overcoming our culture's war on the american family

video ben carson and jon voightlearn from one of our leading conservative voices how we can return to the biblical values our nation was founded upon, especially the vital importance of the family, in order to secure a prosperous future for generations to come. does america no longer feel like home? widespread divorce rates, the erosion of traditional marriage, the popular rise of radical ideologies, attacks on faith, and government interference are only a few of the factors contributing to the struggles of families in our culture. and because of the importance of healthy families to every part of our national life, the breakdown of the family threatens to rob us of the country we love. but it doesn't have to be this way. like many of us, dr. ben carson fears we are losing the country we love. in this provocative and ultimately hopeful book, he gives us the facts, inspiration, and theory-to-action answers we need to restore a key foundation of america: the family.
full story »
the israel lobby and u.s. foreign policy

the israel lobby and u.s. foreign 
policy: john j. mearsheimeroriginally published in 2007, the israel lobby and u.s. foreign policy, by john mearsheimer of the university of chicago and stephen m. walt of harvard's john f. kennedy school of government, provoked both howls of outrage and cheers of gratitude for challenging what had been a taboo issue in america: the impact of the israel lobby on u.s. foreign policy. a work of major importance, it remains as relevant today as it was in the immediate aftermath of the israel-lebanon war of 2006. mearsheimer and walt describe in clear and bold terms the remarkable level of material and diplomatic support that the united states provides to israel and argues that this support cannot be fully explained on either strategic or moral grounds. this exceptional relationship is due largely to the political influence of a loose coalition of individuals and organizations that actively work to shape u.s. foreign policy in a pro-israel direction. they provocatively contend that the lobby has a far-reaching impact on america's posture throughout the middle east―in iraq, iran, lebanon, and toward the israeli-palestinian conflict.
full story »
invaded: the intentional destruction of the american immigration system
video interviewin the final year of the trump presidency, the border was within reach of being secure as the daily arrests had dwindled to the lowest numbers in border patrol history. nations south of our border that once violated our nation’s sovereignty and blatantly disrespected our nation, now adhered to our strong president who forced those nations to heel and show our great nation respect on january 20, 2021, everything changed. president biden has intentionally destroyed the american immigration system through the manipulation of dhs policies and laws. never in american history has our nation been invaded by millions of foreigners all with the encouragement and direct assistance of the united states government. the once proud united states border patrol has been forced to participate in the unlawful smuggling of millions of illegal aliens to their final destinations across america. morale within dhs, specifically the border patrol and ice, does not exist.
full story »
facing the beast: courage, faith, and resistance in a new dark age
what does it mean to face the beast? ms. wolf poses the question: "does it mean facing the fact that evil on an unimaginable scale is having its way with our world? or does it mean facing the ugliness, the hatred that manifested so hideously from inside the selves of so many of us?" all of us who lived in a lockdown or mandate state for three years will "always live with a shadow of fear." during the covid hysteria, some people became the basest humans, denouncing others who had the temerity to exercise their personal freedoms. some hospitals even threatened to deny medical care to those unvaccinated. naomi wolf had the gall to give voice to studies showing the pfizer vaccine was affecting women's menstrual cycles, among other more dangerous adverse side effects. in return, she was vilified by the medical community, denounced by most of the liberal media, and had her life threatened. 
full story »
the democrat party hates america
insightful and hard-hitting as ever, levin proves that since its establishment, the democrat party has set out to rewrite history and destroy the foundation of freedom in america. more than a political party, it is the entity through which marxism has installed its philosophy and its new revolution. as in a thomas paine pamphlet or a clarion call from paul revere, levin alerts his fellow americans to the destruction this country is facing, and rallies them to defeat the threat in front of us—more looming than ever. he writes, “every legal, legitimate, and appropriate tool and method must be employed in the short- and long- run to defeat the democrat party. the democrat party must be resoundingly conquered in the next election and several elections thereafter, or it will become extremely difficult to undo the damage it is unleashing at breakneck pace.” 
full story »
for love of country: leave the democrat party behind
today’s democrat party is controlled by an elitist cabal of warmongers driven by woke ideology and racializing everything. they are a clear and present threat to the god-given freedoms enshrined in the constitution. a combat veteran, 4-term member of congress, and 2020 presidential candidate, tulsi loves her country: “i answered the call to serve and swore an oath, dedicating my life to supporting and defending the constitution, both in uniform and in public office. i have always been an independent-minded person but became a democrat when i first ran for office because i saw a party that stood up for the little guy, free speech and civil liberties. that party is no more.”  
full story »
united states of socialism: who's behind it. why it's evil. how to stop it.
for those who witnessed the global collapse of socialism, its resurrection in the twenty-first century comes as a surprise, even a shock. how can socialism work now when it has never worked before? in this pathbreaking book, bestselling author dinesh d’souza argues that the socialism advanced today by the likes of alexandria ocasio-cortez, bernie sanders, ilhan omar and elizabeth warren is very different from the socialism of lenin, mao and castro. it is “identity socialism,” a marriage between classic socialism and identity politics. today’s socialists claim to model themselves not on mao’s great leap forward or even venezuelan socialism but rather on the “socialism that works” in scandinavian countries like norway and sweden. 
full story »
against the great reset: eighteen theses contra the new world order hardcover...
much more than a collection of essays by eminent writers, against the great reset is intended to kick off the intellectual resistance to the sweeping restructuring of the western world by globalist elites. injune 2020, prominent business and political leaders gathered for the 50th annual meeting of the world economic forum in davos, switzerland, under the rubric of “the great reset.” in the words of wef founder klaus schwab, the great reset is a “unique window of opportunity” afforded by the worldwide covid-19 panic to build “a new social contract” ushering in a utopian era of economic, social, and environmental justice. but beneath their lofty and inspiring words, what are their actual plans? 
full story »
in god we trust: not in lying liberal lunatics:
after seven years of the obama administration, the us was broken. americans wanted change and they got it with the presidency of donald j. trump. but the corrupt and dishonest media, democrat politicians (and some republicans), and 'deep state' actors in the government, didn't want trump in power. these entities and individuals are killing the country and destroying the freedom and justice promised to all americans. you will be shocked at the level of corruption in the us today. this book will open your eyes and inform you of the many corrupt actions taking place that are destroying the usa. 
full story »
terminated the end of man is here humanity on the bank of extinction
incredible future events for mankind! this book is full of future events that the human race has no idea is coming upon the populations, and can't conceive of given the vast amount of "deception" that has permeated most of the entire human race. the most informative book, quite frightening but not surprising in this era. a must read for sure. indispensable, enlightening and impactful. fluid and grounded writing. 
full story »
u.n agenda 21: environmental piracy
u.n. agenda 21 has been in the works for decades, spearheaded by environmentalists, foreign individuals, third world countries, and non-profit organizations around the world. in the name of protecting the environment, socialist global governance has been quietly implemented at all levels of government via government grants, public-private partnerships, and epa regulations involving use of land and water, affecting every facet of our lives. mandating population re-distribution in the name of biodiversity, re-educating our youth into sustainable everything, green jobs, green buildings, green cars, green energy, urban sprawl control, government bureaucrats from the united nations and our own elected representatives are going to rezone us, resettle us, reduce our numbers, and tax us into the sustainable community described in the wildlands project map. full story »
covid-19 and the agendas to come, red-pilled
drawing on statements of numerous scholars from around the world—virologists, epidemiologists, immunologists, pathologists, microbiologists, infectious disease specialists, including nobel prize winners, as well as front-line er physicians and family practice mds—veteran journalist james perloff asks hard questions about the global response to covid-19. amazon censors any criticism against the "official" covid-19 narrative,and banned political writer james perloff's latest book, "covid-19 and the agendas to come: red-pilled.", on august 20. 
full story »
the permanent coup: how enemies foreign and domestic targeted the american president
from the phony russia collusion narrative to the coordinated riots laying waste to us cities, it's the same ongoing operation orchestrated by the left and targeting not just president trump but hundreds of millions of americans who revere their country and what it stands for. for the first time, crusading investigative journalist lee smith reveals who was responsible and the never before known involvement of barack obama, joe biden, and senior military officials who engineered a coup against a sitting president. beginning in late 2015, political operatives, intelligence officials, and the press pushed a conspiracy theory about trump-he was a russian asset and spied on his campaign and his presidency in order to undo an election. 
full story »
the death of liberty: the socialist destruction of america’s freedoms using the income tax
in 1776, the colonists declared independence from england in large part due to the many onerous acts thrust upon them by parliament including the stamp act in 1765 the tea act in 1773.  the combination of these burdensome acts on the colonies coupled with “intolerable acts” that severely limited the colonists liberties, america rebelled.  america won her liberty finally in 1783, only to see american’s freedoms put in a permanent state of peril with the successful progressive class warfare argument that resulted in the 16th amendment in 1913. politicians and government bureaucrats discovered, they can manipulate the 71,000+ page tax code to reward their cronies and punish their enemies. 
full story »
i do not consent: my fight against medical cancel culture
from treating covid patients in her local hospital to fighting for the rights of frontline doctors, dr. simone gold tells her story. “the bumper-sticker directive to ‘follow the science’ was actually an evasion of responsibility. it let people off the hook for their bad decisions in a crisis. was new york governor cuomo’s executive order sending covid-hospitalized patients back to nursing homes to infect other vulnerable nursing home patients ‘following the science’? of course not. these governors made specific decisions that cost thousands of the most vulnerable, most expendable, their lives. but they didn’t do it to their own relatives.” —from i do not consent 
full story »
killing us softly: the global depopulation policy
our progressive philosophy calls for more freedom and more prosperity for more people. yet author kevin galalae says you can't always have more. overpopulation is making us victims of our own triumphs over nature. lacking a popular consensus to control population, the ruling elite have resorted to covert means. their depopulation project has had considerable success, but at a terrible cost. "strict secrecy and deception have been necessary to prevent the masses from discovering the bitter truth that for the past 68 years they have been the object of a silent and global offensive, a campaign of attrition that has turned the basic elements of life into weapons of mass infertility and selective death." 
full story »




mail submissions to the editor

iii


  xml feedsrss 2.0: postsatom: postsmore on rss





		©2025 by thepeoplesvoice.org




fair use notice: this site contains copyrighted articles and information about environmental, political, human rights, economic, democratic, scientific, and social justice issues, etc. this news and information is displayed without profit for educational purposes, in accordance with, title 17 u.s.c. section 107 of the us copyright law. thepeoplesvoice.org is a non-advocacy internet web site, edited by non-affiliated u.s. citizens. editor




