
























business mentors - disaster restoration business assistance and guidance

















































































 skip to main contentbusiness mentorsserious business assistance for the restoration professionalservices

strategic planning
mentoring
training


our customers

case studies

asheville, nc
chicago, il
phoenix, az
saginaw, mi
vancouver, bc


testimonials
customer video testimonials


about us

contact
our team
core values & mission
key books for restoration company growth and leadership


podcasts & webinars
blog

presentations


business health checklist
main content
the direction to take control of your business



who we are


looking to take the next step in your disaster restoration company, but not sure where to start?


	for over two decades, business mentors has been helping disaster restoration owners grow their business while providing a pathway to a more balanced life. at business mentors we know what it takes to create a healthy, productive, and profitable disaster restoration firm. we also know just how to do it while maintaining a life balance that lets you enjoy the journey as much as the reward. let us help you know where you're going.
		
learn more







what we believe



			how healthy is your business?
		

			sign up to receive our free business health checklist and you'll be on the path to a prioritized action plan. plus, learn more about how business mentors can add value to your business.
		



			find out now!
		

			register and we will send a download link to your email.
		


 


 


















see what our clients have to say






i wanted to personally thank business mentors for their business consulting services for five star restoration & construction, inc. for the past 5 years. you saw firsthand how we flourished despite covid-19, despite internally relying on zoom and email as our way to communicate with one another, and how we kept our close knit culture strong despite it all. we could not have accomplished all of this without your steady and stern advice, concern and knowledge of this business.
brenda gallion
                        five star restoration & construction, inc










"probably in the top 3-5 regrets in my history in the industry is that i did not hire phil and his team to shake up our company years ago.  i always thought i could not afford them.  the truth is that i suffered in the passing on of our restoration company because i had not hired business mentors."
ernie storrer
                        bales restoration










“it was many, many years before i pulled the trigger on bringing in [business mentors], and i really wished i had done it a lot earlier. having a consultant come in like that to give you the expertise they provide is invaluable. 

business mentors has a vast store of experience and expertise. their team has been around the block and has experience with so many other insurance restoration companies they can come in and make such a difference right away. they’re great people. 

whether you’re thinking about bringing in someone to save your business or even for a tune-up, i would highly recommend that you would bring in business mentors as they did such a great job for me.”
mark schultz
                        mark 1 restoration service










"if you own or manage a restoration company, you need to know phillip rosebrook. he's an industry titan and can help make you a better business owner. ati has worked with him as a consultant, and i've known phillip forever! if you want to run a more profitable and more successful company, make sure you reach out soon!"
jeff moore
                        ati restoration, llc










“in the last 5 years our company has grown from $3 million to over $12 million in sales. we have found
one of the biggest challenges is to properly manage the growth. without proven systems, procedures and
measurements in place you can spend an enormous amount of time and money trying to achieve them.
business mentors has the experience to help you recognize areas of your company that may need
improvement and will provide solutions that are applicable immediately. they have everything you need
from how the work should flow to the systems and procedures to handle any size workload efficiently.
they also help you to understand how to use your financials to make intelligent business decisions.”
david heitman
                        perfection cleaning & restoration










"i admire you for the vision and passion that you bring to companies like ours in the restoration field. i have looked at numerous mentoring companies prior to going with business mentors and i feel i made the best choice. everyone there was or still is connected to the restoration industry and the knowledge you provide is pertinent and invaluable. you have brought my company a long way in a short time and for that, i thank you.”
mike foley
                        foley restoration










"you have helped me immensely to become a better businessman. what an empowering feeling to finally understand the nuts and bolts of financial management, employee relations, marketing, and the myriad of other issues that comprise a well-managed, dynamic company.”
mark springer
                        dayspring restoration










"for the last three years, i have been drowning in my business with no immediate sign of getting my head above water. our ultimate goals and vision for our company seemed so unattainable until we hired business mentors. through their experience, concern, and dedication to my company, i can finally breathe again – our business proved immediate success after the first week business mentors was employed. not only are they knowledgeable motivators, they are great human beings."
warner cruz
                        jc restoration










“saying thank you seems inadequate for the love and support that you continue t pour on susan and i and all of wonder makers.  we are experiencing firsthand your core principle that you love your clients and want to help them do well.  please know that you are having a profound impact on our lives and organization.  we are deeply appreciative.  may god continue to bless you and your family.” 
dr. michael pinto
                        wonder makers environmental










“these guys are the gold standard for mentoring in the restoration field. a very good investment.”
maria neuman
                        fire & water damage recovery


 









“phil’s team has helped us improve our business and offered valuable industry insights.”
craig l henderson
                        residential rehab, repairs, restoration & mitigation







join our linkedin group
facebook
twitter
youtube
linkedin
copyright © 2025 business mentors, assisting restoration professionals3070 dapple way, eugene, oregon 97401 · 541.687.8390























