























...

hocking hills cabins at harvest moon cottages

















secluded
      cottages in the scenic hocking hills






































these 
        secluded cottages and lodge are nestled on nearly forty acres of rugged 
		wilderness with streams, cliffs and rock outcroppings. each is located on 5-10 acres. 
		all are 
		tastefully decorated with a fully equipped kitchen, hardwood flooring, 
		wood or stone gas log fireplace.
free wifi.

outside you will find a soothing hot tub, gas grill, fire 
				ring, stars and seclusion. for the adventurous, 

saltpetre caves
and a stocked catch and release pond are just a short walk or drive from your 
				cottage.
located in the heart of the hocking hills region of southeast ohio, the 
        property borders over 200 acres of hocking hills state forest. 
				
just 
				minutes from
        

hocking hills state parks,
				you’ll find harvest moon cottages the perfect location for
        exploring all the beauty hocking hills has to offer.


 
 
click pics 
		more photos and availability













chateau... our best cottage for star gazing. very 
      sunny and bright in the winter months with views of the pond. french country decor. 
    			2 king bedrooms, 1 bath, gas log 
      fireplace, wifi, stereo, 
	  roku tv, t-mobile cell phone service. weber gas and charcoal 
				grill.



sleeps 4 w/800 sqft. 
				linens, towels and coffee provided.













overlook...
				
a very private 3 bedroom cottage 
    perfect for families and small groups. 
      enjoy hiking trail to cliffs and rock formations.upper level...1 king bedroom, full bath, fully 
      equipped kitchen, gas log fireplace, wifi, stereo, 
	  roku tv, t-mobile cell phone service. 

lower level...2 queen bedrooms,1 twin bed, full bath, roku 
				tv/dvd player, xbox, game table, washer & dryer, 
				weber gas and charcoal grill,


sleeps 
    7 w/1600 sqft. linens, towels and coffee provided.

 








peacepipe...



walk off the back deck onto over 200 acres of 
      state forest with a private trail to caves and cliffs. a seasonal 
      creek runs beside and in front of the cottage. great for 
      small families. 2 queen bedrooms, 1 bath, gas log 
      fireplace, wifi, stereo, 
	  roku tv, t-mobile cell phone service. weber gas and charcoal 
				grill. sleeps 4 w/800 sqft. linens, towels and 
				coffee provided.

 









dreamcatcher... a very romantic and secluded cottage located at the end 
      of a winding lane. access to 200 acres of state forest. 2 
				queen bedrooms, 1 bath, gas log 
      fireplace, wifi, stereo, 
	  roku tv, t-mobile cell phone service. weber gas and charcoal 
				grill. 


sleeps 4 w/800 sqft. 
				linens, towels and coffee provided.

 








creeksong 
	...this 
	cottage has ultimate seclusion. located on 10 
    acres of old growth forest with cliffs and rock outcroppings. two 
    rambling creeks converge below the cottage. 1st floor queen bedroom, loft w/2 queen beds, full bath, wood burning 
      stove, hd dish satellite, 
	telephone, unlimited long distance,  wifi, stereo, 

t-mobile cell phone service, fully 
      equipped kitchen.
	
 weber gas and charcoal 
	grill.
  


sleeps 
    6 w/1100 sqft. linens, towels and coffee provided.

 








the lodge...
old world charm meets hocking hills 
	serenity.... this beautiful 5 bedroom ranch overlooks a pond, manicured 
	landscape and sunset views. fully 
      equipped kitchen, yamaha 
	stereos, blue ray, phone w/unlimited long distance &
	  freewifi, 
t-mobile 
	cell phone service, large laundry room, 
	private pub, pool table, 2 foosball tables, shuffleboard, muitiple game rooms, 
	covered deck,  7 person 
	  jacuzzi hot tub, weber gas gril and smoker charcoal grill. 


sleeps 16 
				w/5000+ sqft. 
linens, towels and coffee provided.












check availability








						click 

here 
						to search all cabins availibility calendar






reserve@harvestmooncottages.com

						call or text 740-279-5694












activities     
		events      
		trail maps
      dining



salt petre caves




		canopytours       area photos


        
		  
        
		
		 


copyright 2023 
	harvest moon cottages, inc. all rights reserved.


