


military vehicle collectors of california - home
























 

home about us join events gallery mvcc news 

member login








we're the military vehicle collectors of california, the largest military vehicle collector club in the western us.   come join us!
the mvcc is affiliated with the military vehicle preservation association (mvpa) 
click here to find out more!

 














mvcc event photo gallery
want to see what goes on at our events?  you're in luck!  several of our members regularly take photos when we get together so click here to see what we do.






military vehicle events all over ca
from the oregon border all the way south to the tehachapi's, chances are  we have an event going on near to you!  come join us! 
 click here to view our upcoming events!







preserving the past for the future
we are collectors and caretakers of all things military.  we restore & collect these important artifacts to honor veterans, and preserve their legacy and history for future generations.






club announcements!
 priority 1 messages delivered here.  updates, last minute event details, announcements, scuttlebutt. it can all be found here.















who we are
the mvcc is what's great about america


the mvcc is a non-profit organization of collectors and historians interested in the acquisition, restoration, preservation, and public display of historic military vehicles, uniforms, equipment and accoutrements of all types, periods, and national origin. we're an affiliate of the military vehicle preservation association (mvpa)






upcoming major events
to visit our calendar page, click here





come join us!  our 2 major events are in april and in september.  but there's almost always something going on.  click the calendar link above for more information!   

                                      
                                                






mvcc news
the official newsletter of the mvcc


mvcc news is the award winning official publication of the mvcc.  packed full of articles, after-action reports, photos, for sale ads, & exclusive "members only" content. click here to view 			                                           our back issue library.













links to commercial members and friends of the mvcc




ron fitzpatrick jeep parts
milweb.net
midwest military parts
david doyle books




long range desert group (lrdg) preservation society
so. cal mv collectors club
az mv collectors club




virginia mv association
mv collectors of colorado
dixie division mv club
usmc  mechanized museum





navy 6 combat comms
dave's wwii jeeps
fire trucks at war
olive drab military information page
jimmy strauss jeeps













© military vehicle collectors of california. all rights reserved. |  images: alison fraser photography & mvcc 

