plastic fabrication of water tanks, marine, boat and boating supplies. rotational molding, piling caps, recycle bins construction and perch preventers.






duraweld - innovative plastic solutions













 fabrication of water tanks, marine, boat and boating supplies.
marine water tanks bird discourages 

zenadesign

 

  plastic fabrication water tanks marine boat bird preventer boating supplies rotational molding 

  piling caps docks molding plastic welding ft. lauderdale miami west palm beach 

  zena design recycle bins towel bins boat docks marine supplies plastic fabrication 

  water tanks marine boat boating supplies zenadesign polyethylene polypropylene 

  marine storage boxes bait well boats zena design bird discouragers bird

discourages bird problems bird deterrent plastic tanks 

  utilities transmission distribution perch preventer zena xena gray water fresh 

  water zenadesign holding tank america dockside deck florida molded products 

  zenadesign containers marine supplies hotel 

  


 at dura-weld we provide durable welded construction made of the highest quality plastics.  our fabricated products are welded together in the same way steel structures are built. this process unlike glue or screws, produces water-tight containers of superior strength and durability.  our products will serve you for years to come. dura-weld can build a product to your specification, or create a custom-design from your rough idea. any size and shape.  some of our fabricated products include: holding tanks (fresh, gray and black water) for any boat or r.v. and boating, equipped with spin-welded fittings.  dura-weld has supplied many large heavy-duty storage containers for the utility trucks at florida, power and light which are used for rubber goods and safety equipment. dura-weld has fabricated superior quality products for holland america and royal caribbean cruise lines, such has recycle and towel bins. we also provide deck and dockside storage boxes and boat and boating supplies. another manufacturing process we use is rotational molding.  this offers many design advantages that fabrication can't and molds are generally less expensive than any other molding process. some of our rotational molded products included: molded holding tanks (vertical, cone bottom, horizontal and marine boat), piling caps (round, square) and a line of bird discouragers which discouragers birds from perching on power lines structures. weather it's boating or water tank fabrication plastic fabrication water tanks marine boat boating supplies rotational molding piling caps dura-weld is the place!
































 


      our mission

the mission of dura-weld, inc., a welding

      fabricator and 

      rotational molder of plastics is continuous improvement      

      toward…

total customer satisfaction using innovative plastic

                          solutions!


      we produce products for the following industries:



•
utility
•
rv
•
marine
•
residential


•
cruise 
•
industrial
•
environmental
•
automotive




      we can build a product to your specifications or create a custom-design

      from your rough idea. we work with a wide range of plastics. just to name

      a few, propylene, pvc, polyethylene, pvdf, polycarbonate.
dura weld has a vast array of products ranging

                              from marine holding tanks, marine dock boxes to

                              utility truck boxes to towel bins, recycle bins

                              and products to answer bird mitigation applications.


dura-weld holds a number of patents on the xena

                              product line including both the mini xena and the

                              mini zena
we have two newer sites for fabrication and bird discourages
www.plasticfabricatedtanks.com
www.xenabirddiscourager.com












all right reserved. copyright © duraweld, 2018 




plastic fabrication of water tanks and marine, boat, boating supplies. we also have a variety of rotational molding, piling caps for docks. we have molding plastic and can do welding too. from ft. lauderdale, miami, and  west palm beach we can custom build your recycle bins, towel bins, and  boat docks. we carry marine supplies and have plastic fabrication and water tanks for marine boat and boating supplies. we can use polyethylene, polypropylene for your marine storage boxes, and bait well boats. we also have bird discouragers made from plastic and tanks for utilities and transmission. the distribution of perch preventers, zena, xena, and gray water. fresh water holding tank at america dockside deck in florida and haveboat and boating supplies molded products for containers of marine supplies and hotels plastic fabrication water and many tanks for marine boat, boating, and supplies for rotational molding and piling caps.


plastic fabrication of water tanks, marine, boat and boating supplies


