




  






home - stoughton chamber of commerce, wi



















































 





















go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events





























































member login









contact us




















 toggle navigation   

















go









pages



members



categories



quicklinks



events





























































member login









contact us














home

the chamber

about us
board of directors & staff
membership benefits
chamber bucks
contact us



business directory

complete directory
entertainment
dining
lodging
shopping
real estate
city of stoughton
stoughton area school district
visit stoughton



events

events calendar
event spaces
community expo
syttende mai festival
annual golf outing
coffee break festival
stoughton wine walk



business resources 

planning and development
construction



what's new

job postings
hot deals
members in the news



member center

member login
marketing & sponsorship opportunities


join today!
























 
it's all happening in stoughton!
 
























































welcome to the stoughton chamber of commerce!
 

your resource for business!
 












business directory







jobs







hot deals







marketing opportunities




























mark your calendar



every day is beautiful in green valley
with a wide variety of events and opportunities, green valley has something to offer everyone. celebrate the fun of the minnesota state fair with us each summer. enjoy a scenic stroll through our many parks or play a round of golf at one of our three courses. have your picture taken with the world’s largest owl and marvel at all the beautiful outdoor murals throughout the town.

our community offers a thriving economy, superb schools, traditional values, faith and fellowship, helpful services, and many entertainment options. green valley is truly the ideal place for new ventures and new growth because every day is abeautiful day.














view all events ➤












































learn more



















member benefits




grow your business with the stoughton chamber!

the stoughton chamber of commerce serves our members by creating an environment for thriving businesses and enterprising leaders. we achieve this by: credibility, collaboration, advocacy, service to others, learning, and fun! 
click here to learn more or stop in to see us today!
















tourism




discover activities, places to stay and reasons to explore our community through our visitor services department! stoughton offers entertainment, history, shopping, dining and adventure. from day trips and weekend stays to corporate travel and meetings, we have it here! check out visit stoughton for more information on planning the perfect itinerary.






























socialize with us!






 


stoughton wi chamber of commerce

























































































it's all happening in stoughton!








































 stoughton chamber of commerce

  532 e main street, stoughton, wi 53589

  608.873.7912

  stoughton@stoughtonwi.com























© copyright 2025 stoughton chamber of commerce. all rights reserved. site provided by growthzone - powered by chambermaster software.
















 


