


ltcfeds | the federal long term care insurance program
	(fltcip)




































skip to main content















            an official website of the united states government
          

here's how you know


here's how you know









official websites use .gova
              .gov website belongs to an official government
              organization in the united states.
            






secure .gov websites use httpsa
              lock (
              
lock
locked padlock icon

 ) or https:// means you've safely connected to
              the .gov website. share sensitive information only on official,
              secure websites.
            





























about us
contact us
help
login




























home
long term care
program details
claims
tools & resources
care navigator





































home
long term care
program details
claims
tools & resources
care navigator




about us
contact us
help




login







 














how can we help you?


search



search








 























try our new care navigator!
use our articles, videos and more to help plan for your loved ones

explore care navigator






































 









 important notice for fltcip claimants: we mailed 1099 forms on january 25. contact us after march 1 if you haven't received your form.
                                    
                                













latest highlights








about fltcip premiums
long term care insurance is a complex, experience-based product. because of this, assumptions are made about many factors at the time premiums are established. learn how fltcip premiums are managed and invested and what factors lead to possible premium increases.


learn more







fltcip claimants
submitting a fltcip claim is now easier than ever. to improve your benefits experience, we developed a new claims dashboard. log into your my ltcfeds account to start submitting your reimbursement requests for claims online.


login







online account security
we strengthened the security of your personal information by increasing authentication when accessing your my ltcfeds account. this is a common security practice referred to as "two-factor" or "multi-factor authentication."


learn more












cost of care
use our cost of care tool to find the average cost of home health care services, assisted living facilities, and nursing homes in your area.
find cost













new feature for caregivers
×


ltcfeds care navigator
the ltcfeds care navigator is a resource library to help support caregivers and those who need care throughout the different stages of aging. find resources to help you assess if care is needed, communicate with loved ones about care needs, and research different care options.


explore care navigator


enrolled in the fltcip? for program specific information, continue
								to ltcfeds.gov.

































leaving the fltcip website
×


you have requested a website created and
							maintained by someone other than ltcfeds.gov. we are providing
							this link for your convenience. the website you are linking to
							will have legal notices, privacy policies, or other requirements
							that differ from those of ltcfeds.gov, so you may want to review
							them. we do not control or guarantee the accuracy, relevance,
							timeliness, or completeness of that website.


would you like to proceed to the external
								website?




no
yes




















								sponsored by: the u.s.
									office of personnel management


								insured by: john
									hancock life & health insurance company


								administered by: fedpoint®
									fedpoint is the trade name of long term care partners, llc®.
							





agency benefits officers


privacy notice


hipaa
									privacy notice





copyright fedpoint®





























