  mtam      boaterssafety at seamembers directoryresourcescareersskilled tradesbusiness operationsjob boardmembersmtam membersjoin mtamshrinkwrap recycling 2025  boaterssafety at seamembers directoryresourcescareersskilled tradesbusiness operationsjob boardmembersmtam membersjoin mtamshrinkwrap recycling 2025   about usnewscontact us    boating resources   guide to boating services in maryland  launch your careerdoing what you love in a flexible and exciting industry  find careers  mtam membershipjoin the club  become a member  safety at seamarch 29-30 2025  learn more   dedicated to maryland’s recreational boating industrymaryland’s rich history is strongly tied to the chesapeake bay and the heritage derived from the boating and marine industry. this growing industry has become a top contributor to maryland with an annual economic impact of almost $3.5 billion. since 1972, mtam has been the voice for the industry.read more about us   for boaters your one-stop access to over 400 suppliers, mtam event information, and regional boat show information. read more   explore careers interested in joining our industry? review the marine industry’s career pathways and search for current job opportunities. read more   for members the strength of mtam is our membership. mtam membership brings access to our workforce development partnership. read morebecome a memberdiverse membership is our strengthjoin a wide group of recreational boating industry professionals. your support and involvement helps us make a positive impact on the industry.join the club the marine trades association of maryland (mtam) is a non-profit dedicated to promoting the recreational marine industry and waterway preservation. founded in 1972, mtam now comprises nearly 400 marine related businesses.quick linksfor boatersexplore careersfor memberssafety at seamember directorylocationp.o. box 3148 port annapolis marina annapolis, maryland 21403 phone: 410-269-0741marine trades association of maryland | © copyrights 2024  