


vuescan scanner software for macos, windows, and linux















































                        home
                    

                        download
                    

                        purchase
                    

                        support
                    

                        blog
                    

                        about
                    







 en 
 

 











open main menu
















                home
            

                download
            

                purchase
            

                support
            

                blog
            

                about
            


















vuescan scanner software
can't find a driver for your scanner? vuescan is here to help
we reverse engineered over 7400 scanners and included built in drivers in vuescan so you can keep using the scanner you already have.download vuescan and start scanning in 60 seconds.




download vuescan for windows
download vuescan



vuescan 9.8.44. january 26, 2025. macos 10.15-12.0 universal
download vuescan for other operating systems or older versions











                latest article
            







january 01, 2025


vuescan adds support for over 1,200 digital camera raw formats - perfect for film/slide digitization
vuescan now supports over 1,200 digital camera raw formats, making it easier to scan film/slides using your digital camera.



                        read article
                    








            search supported scanners
        

do you want to see if your scanner works with vuescan?
search in the box below to find out.




























            here's what some of our customers are saying
        

            read more reviews here









nancy sears







            hamrick software is the only resource i have found that supports our 12 year old epson flatbed scanner. even epson can't do this.
        






ed johnson







            vuescan is amazing software. ran my 20 year old scanner when no other software could!
        






tomas larsson







            vuescan is for all practical purposes the best scanning software, have done around 60k scanns since 2016.
        






greg wilson







            brilliant software - as a looooooong time scanner i was never happy with any of the (many) ui and actually threw out a good scanner b/c there was no update for a new os at the time.
        







nancy sears







            hamrick software is the only resource i have found that supports our 12 year old epson flatbed scanner. even epson can't do this.
        






ed johnson







            vuescan is amazing software. ran my 20 year old scanner when no other software could!
        






peter glusker







            it's absurd that i couldn't use my epson wf-3520 scanner when mac os updated, and epson obviously has no interest in fixing the problem. works perfectly with vuescan 9.
        






kathy lower







            vuescan professional saved me from having to buy a new scanner when mac catalina no longer supported my current scanner. much less expensive than buying a new scanner, easy to use and great quality.
        






        trusted by over 900,000 customers across the globe including
    





































how it works





1

                            we reverse engineer older scanner drivers so that you can use old scanners that are no longer supported
                        




2

                            we also use the latest drivers and plugins from manufacturers and operating systems
                        




3

                            you download vuescan and use it to scan documents, photos, film and slides with your scanner
                        












                    vuescan supports over 7400 scanners from 42 manufacturers
                

                    the easiest way to see if vuescan works with your scanner is to download and try it. but you can
                    also view the lists of all of the scanners vuescan supports.
                



                            view all supported scanners
                        





canon scanner drivers



epson scanner drivers



hp scanner drivers



fujitsu scanner drivers



brother scanner drivers







nikon scanner drivers



pie scanner drivers







plustek scanner drivers


































the tool for all your scanning needs
vuescan has the features you need no matter what you need to scan




scan documents
whether you need to scan a single page or a hundred page book, vuescan has the tools to help you.



scan with flatbed and automatic document feeders (adf)


scan to pdf (single and multipage)


optical character recognition (ocr)


automatic color detection


small document file sizes


automatic document deskewing
















scan photos
do you have boxes full of photos in a drawer? use vuescan to get them on your computer, and off your to-do list.



scan with flatbed and automatic document feeders (adf)


scan to jpeg or tiff


preset photo sizes


scan multiple photos on the flatbed


automatic file naming



learn more about scanning photos with vuescan »













scan film and slides
vuescan is the ultimate tool for all your film and slide scanning needs.



works with almost all film/slide scanners


scan to jpeg/tiff/raw


infrared dust removal


color correction


it8 calibration


photoshop integration




























works on 7400+ scanners









works on windows, macos, and linux









try for free









updated every week or two









advanced scanning control









basic mode









works on flatbed, document, and film/slide scanner









translated in to 28+ languages







            every day thousands of people download vuescan to fix their old scanner
        

            now it's your turn to bring your scanner back to life - and keep it out of the landfill
        



download vuescan for windows
download vuescan









footer





vuescan


supported scanners


vuescan release notes


newsletter


vuescan reviews


privacy policy




alternatives


image capture alternative


windows scan alternative


naps2 alternative


silverfast alternative






solutions


linux scanner software


macos scanner software


pdf scanner


photo scanning software


windows 10 scanner software


scan to pdf




scanner drivers


canon scanner software


hp scanner software


epson scanner software


brother scanner software










                © 2025 hamrick software. vuescan® all rights reserved.
            









