








information technology academy – pre-college tech initiative serving high school students in the lac du flambeau, madison & oneida communities – uw–madison







































skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









information technology academy

pre-college tech initiative serving high school students in the lac du flambeau, madison & oneida communities




search






menu
open menu


close





about
our programs
apply to ita
giving opportunities
events
current parents & students
faq
news
shout-outs
 








 




mission
through a triple focus on technology exploration, leadership development, and college preparation, ita offers diverse high school students the skills, resources, and support needed to become strong candidates for admission to the university of wisconsin-madison.
vision
empower today’s student for tomorrow’s future.
core values
at ita, we love our students and believe in their ability to achieve their goals and their dreams. our work together is guided by these core values:

we have serious fun together.
we engage in the art of collaboration.
we inspire a love for learning.
we lift up diverse voices.
we foster a supportive community.


 



get started

our programs
application requirements
upcoming events

application requirements

 
 
 
 


our impact





ita began in 2000 with a small cohort of students in madison, wi.
in 2013, ita developed and launched ita-lac du flambeau and ita-oneida to reach and serve more native american students and students from rural communities.
as we approach 25 years, ita has enrolled over 700 first-generation, economically disadvantaged and diverse high school students from lac du flambeau, madison, and oneida.

 




since the graduating class of 2024, 549 students have successfully completed ita.

326 ita graduates (60%) accepted to uw-madison.
273 ita graduates (50%) enrolled at uw-madison.

over 96% of ita graduates have matriculated into post-secondary options.

 
 
 
 






 
 
 
 


news


ita’s summer of fun & learningby brenda vazquez carranza this summer, the information technology academy (ita) students across various locations had a blast with an array of activities designed to engage, educate and entertain. the summer program was a memorable …august 19, 2024ita celebrates the class of 2024by ninoska picon on saturday, june 1st, the information technology academy (ita) hosted their annual graduation for the class of 2024. 34 students were recognized for their achievements and successful completion of the ita program. …june 20, 2024ita students program games designed by 5th grade studentsita students brought game proposals to life for orchard ridge fifth graders in a collaborative program designed to teach coding and storytelling to young technologists.june 7, 2024more news posts 
more

 
 
 
 




questions?
reach out to your case manager or email us at ita@doit.wisc.edu.

 





 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin


contact us
facebook


instagram

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: lauren.bruce@wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.












