


 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close






welcome to scottrealm.com! (the place for stupid quotes)





welcome to 


get math (algebra) tutoring and help.
visit my national park passport stamp section!!!
no minimum payout paid to read programs
visit my 12.120 trip section!!!




navigation bar

click on stupid quotes for a click-thru bonus icon




















math homework help


my mit 6.170 software team won the best design award for our gizmoball project, out of 24 teams!  i may post our game soon.





this is the all new scottsrealm.com homepage.  i hope you enjoy the new site.  don't forget to sign the guestbook.
 
here is a picture of me with roger clemens formerly of the yankees.
it was taken at the mmrf awards dinner (june 13, 2002), by kristie robertson.

here is a picture of me with mel stottlemyre pitching coach of the yankees.
it was taken at the mmrf awards dinner (june 9, 2003), by craig robertson.

here is a picture of me with ann curry of the nbc today show.
it was taken at the mmrf awards dinner (june 9, 2003), by craig robertson.

here is a picture of me with sharon osbourne of the osbourne show.
it was taken at the mmrf fall gala (october 25, 2003), by unknown.

here is another picture of me with sharon osbourne of the osbourne show.
it was taken at the mmrf fall gala (october 25, 2003), by unknown.

here is a picture of me with norwegian vocalist sissel.
it was taken at the lotr symphony performance in atlanta (june 4, 2004), by my father.

here is a picture of me with 3 time academy award winning film composer howard shore.
it was taken at the lotr symphony performance in atlanta (june 4, 2004), by my father.

here a picture of me with brian williams, nbc newscaster.
it was taken at the mmrf race for research (june 27, 2004), by jill shook.

see an old picture of my former roommates and me (from left, chris, scott [me], farhan, mahni).



  visitors so far.

last updated: 01-05-06

disclaimer: although "stupid quotations" is proper english, the quotations will continue to be known as "quotes"
no material on this site is intended to degrade anyone!!! the quotations are for enjoyment only, as is everything else on this web page.
as for the "mit prank" and "the stupid quotes," the culprits are aware of the web site. 

















 










