 eminem      

newsalbumsthe death of slim shady (coup de grâce)music to be murdered bykamikazerevivalthe marshall mathers lp 2recoveryrelapseencorethe eminem showthe marshall mathers lpthe slim shady lpthe slim shady epinfiniteotherbad meets evil albumslyricspicturestattoosinterviewseminem on his new found maturity (daily mirror, 2003)eminem interview on bbc radio 1 (may 14th 2002)eminem interview with mtv (2002)eminem about nfl and his mom“it’s lonely at the top” interview (ny rock, 2001)“oh yes, it’s shady’s night” interview (2000)“chocolate on the inside” interview (spin, 2000)“eminem blows up” interview (rolling stone, 1999)eminem in the source (unsigned hype)biographypollsenemies & rivalsquotesfamilyfilmography8 milediscographyothereminem logoeminem games



hit enter to search or esc to close



hit enter to search or esc to close


newsalbumsthe death of slim shady (coup de grâce)music to be murdered bykamikazerevivalthe marshall mathers lp 2recoveryrelapseencorethe eminem showthe marshall mathers lpthe slim shady lpthe slim shady epinfiniteotherbad meets evil albumslyricspicturestattoosinterviewseminem on his new found maturity (daily mirror, 2003)eminem interview on bbc radio 1 (may 14th 2002)eminem interview with mtv (2002)eminem about nfl and his mom“it’s lonely at the top” interview (ny rock, 2001)“oh yes, it’s shady’s night” interview (2000)“chocolate on the inside” interview (spin, 2000)“eminem blows up” interview (rolling stone, 1999)eminem in the source (unsigned hype)biographypollsenemies & rivalsquotesfamilyfilmography8 milediscographyothereminem logoeminem games
newsalbumsthe death of slim shady (coup de grâce)music to be murdered bykamikazerevivalthe marshall mathers lp 2recoveryrelapseencorethe eminem showthe marshall mathers lpthe slim shady lpthe slim shady epinfiniteotherbad meets evil albumslyricspicturestattoosinterviewseminem on his new found maturity (daily mirror, 2003)eminem interview on bbc radio 1 (may 14th 2002)eminem interview with mtv (2002)eminem about nfl and his mom“it’s lonely at the top” interview (ny rock, 2001)“oh yes, it’s shady’s night” interview (2000)“chocolate on the inside” interview (spin, 2000)“eminem blows up” interview (rolling stone, 1999)eminem in the source (unsigned hype)biographypollsenemies & rivalsquotesfamilyfilmography8 milediscographyothereminem logoeminem gameslatest newsimagine dragons’ spontaneous cover of eminem’s “lose yourself”on september 22, 2024eminem’s history of dissing diddy: long before it was ‘popular’on september 19, 2024slim shady announced missing on milk cartons worldwideon september 17, 2024eminemproviding you with interesting information, news, pictures and everything else related to eminem for the past 18 years (since 2004)!eminem.net is an unofficial eminem and shady records fan site and is not affiliated or endorsed by marshall mathers or his label.we are proud to say that we are the most comprehensive website dedicated to eminem and will continue adding interesting content in the future as well.read morerecent newsmost likedmost viewedrecent newsclean shady: fans in awe of a clean shaven eminem as he ditches his beard for “houdini” videoeminema roll call of every celebrity dissed in eminem’s latest album ‘the death of slim shady (coup de grâce)’eminem, the death of slim shadyroyce da 5’9″ implies there might have been some bad blood between slaughterhouse and eminememinem, royce da 5'9", shady records, slaughterhouse50 cent adds a second date after his paris show gets sold out50 cent, shady familyeminem’s influence on kanye west and other artistseminem, featuredthe game doubles down on being a better rapper than eminememinem, the gameintoxicated “the game” wants smoke with eminememinem, featured, the gameslaughterhouse members air their dirty laundryroyce da 5'9", shady records, slaughterhouseskylar grey announces album release dateshady family, skylar greyeminem among hip hop’s highest paid artists of 2021eminem, featured, hip hopmost likeda roll call of every celebrity dissed in eminem’s latest album ‘the death of slim shady (coup de grâce)’eminem, the death of slim shadythe game doubles down on being a better rapper than eminememinem, the gameroyce da 5’9″ implies there might have been some bad blood between slaughterhouse and eminememinem, royce da 5'9", shady records, slaughterhouseclean shady: fans in awe of a clean shaven eminem as he ditches his beard for “houdini” videoeminememinem’s definition of “stan” added to merriam-webster dictionary!eminem, featuredeminem takes a knee during super bowl 2022 halftime showeminem, featuredmost viewedeminem’s influence on kanye west and other artistseminem, featuredroyce da 5’9″ implies there might have been some bad blood between slaughterhouse and eminememinem, royce da 5'9", shady records, slaughterhouse50 cent adds a second date after his paris show gets sold out50 cent, shady familyintoxicated “the game” wants smoke with eminememinem, featured, the gameeminem’s definition of “stan” added to merriam-webster dictionary!eminem, featuredthe game doubles down on being a better rapper than eminememinem, the gamethe latest eminem albumthe death of slim shady
(coup de grâce)july 12, 2024 shady records, aftermath entertainment, interscope recordsthe death of slim shady (coup de grâce) is the twelfth studio album by eminem. it was released on july 12, 2024, by shady records, aftermath entertainment, and interscope records, following his january 2020 album, music to be murdered by and its subsequent deluxe version in december 2020. the concept of the album revolves around the battle between eminem himself and his slim shady alter ego.view more informationlisten to the albumthe previous eminem albummusic to be murdered byjanuary 17, 2020 shady records, aftermath entertainment, interscope recordsmusic to be murdered by is the eleventh studio album by eminem. it was released on january 17, 2020, by shady records, aftermath entertainment, and interscope records. it was released with no prior announcement, just like his previous studio album kamikaze (2018). the album was produced by eminem and dr. dre, amongst other producers. it features guest appearances from skylar grey, young m.a, royce da 5’9″, white gold, ed sheeran, the late juice wrld, black thought, q-tip, denaun, anderson .paak, don toliver, kxng crooked and joell ortiz. the album’s title, cover art, and concept are inspired by alfred hitchcock’s 1958 spoken word album alfred hitchcock presents music to be murdered by.view more informationlisten to the albumlatest albumseminem albums in chronological order:eminemd12bad meets evildr. dreeminememinem: music to be murdered byeminem: kamikazeeminem: revivaleminem: the marshall mathers lp 2eminem recoveryeminem relapseeminem encoreeminem: the eminem showeminem: the marshall mathers lpeminem: the slim shady lpd12eminem – trouble lyricseminem – habits lyricseminem: the death of slim shady (coup de grâce) lyricsbad meets evilbad meets evil – hell: the sequeldr. dreeminem – trouble lyricseminem – habits lyricseminem: the death of slim shady (coup de grâce) lyricseminem: the death of slim shady (coup de grâce)eminem – renaissance lyricskamikazeeminem: music to be murdered by lyricseminem: revival lyricseminem: the marshall mathers lp 2 lyricseminem: recovery lyricseminem’s influence on kanye west and other artistseminem featuredmore informationintoxicated “the game” wants smoke with eminememinem featured the gamemore informationeminem among hip hop’s highest paid artists of 2021eminem featured hip hopmore informationeminem needs your vote to win the 2022 rock & roll hall of fame ballot!eminem featuredmore information“ marshall is the type that never really stops recording, so when you get in the studio he’s in the back room where the booth is and the door is locked. nobody’s allowed back there, nobody ever knows what he’s doing. all i know is that he’s constantly working, so if he told me that he had an album ready right now, i would believe him because he’s like a work horse. he works every day. ”royce da 5’9″rapper, songwriter, record producer “ i can’t forget the fact that that boy eminem is incredible. he’s lyrically incredible. anybody that’s ever sat and fronted on this dude’s talent is, like, come on, man. stop playing me. ”kool g raprapper, songwriter“ [on meeting eminem for the first time] to be real, that was, like, the only time i’ve ever been low-key. i was really smiley. i was like, ‘whoa, that’s eminem,’ you know? ”mac millerrapper, singer, songwriter, record producer“ if i hadn’t met em or we hadn’t linked up, he would have eventually become a success anyway, because he’s so talented. i was just fortunate enough to meet him first and open the door for him. ”dr. drerapper, record producer, actor, entrepreneur, record executive“ eminem is tough, man. i don’t care what color he is. i don’t care about none of that. real artists respect real artists, man… i tell people to this day. if em was black, he’d be the next muhammad ali, man. ” (more…)rakimrapper, songwriter, record producer” the first time somebody said to me that they thought eminem sounded like me, i personally didn’t hear that. to me, he sounded unique… he sounded like nobody that i had ever heard before. ”masta acerapper, record producer” [on being called eminem’s favorite rapper] my hat’s always off to eminem…eminem, that’s my dude…i’ve run into him on many occasions. my hat’s off to the dude. ”redmanrapper, dj, record producer, actor“ i’d love to work with eminem. it just hasn’t happened yet. ” pharrellrapper, singer, songwriter, record producer, fashion designer, entrepreneur“ em definitely influenced a lot in my style. i don’t think nobody’s matching him now. ”kendrick lamarrapper, songwriter, record producer“ i want you to make some noise for the greatest of all time, eminem! ”drakerapper, singer, songwriter, entrepreneurinterestingpages that might interest you:eminemdr. dre50 centothereminememinem albumseminem lyricseminem interviewseminem filmographyeminem quoteseminem tattooseminem pictureseminem’s enemies, beefs & rivalseminem biographyeminem’s family treedr. dreconway the machine — “god don’t make mistakes” released conway the machine, shady recordsskylar grey announces album release date shady family, skylar greyslim shady announced missing on milk cartons worldwide eminem“eminem” shits on rudy giuliani for taking a knee criticism in ‘late show’ spoof eminemclean shady: fans in awe of a clean shaven eminem as he ditches his beard for “houdini” video eminem50 cent adds a second date after his paris show gets sold out 50 cent, shady familya roll call of every celebrity dissed in eminem’s latest album ‘the death of slim shady (coup de grâce)’ eminem, the death of slim shadyconway the machine reveals “god don’t make mistakes” track list and a new single conway the machine, shady recordsslaughterhouse members air their dirty laundry royce da 5'9", shady records, slaughterhouseimagine dragons’ spontaneous cover of eminem’s “lose yourself” eminem50 cent50 centotherslim shady announced missing on milk cartons worldwide eminememinem takes a knee during super bowl 2022 halftime show eminem, featuredroyce da 5’9″ implies there might have been some bad blood between slaughterhouse and eminem eminem, royce da 5'9", shady records, slaughterhouseconway the machine reveals “god don’t make mistakes” track list and a new single conway the machine, shady recordshailie and alaina cheer for their dad during super bowl halftime performance eminem, featured, hailie jadethe game doubles down on being a better rapper than eminem eminem, the gameimagine dragons’ spontaneous cover of eminem’s “lose yourself” eminememinem’s influence on kanye west and other artists eminem, featuredeminem needs your vote to win the 2022 rock & roll hall of fame ballot! eminem, featuredrudy giuliani attacks eminem for kneeling during his 2022 super bowl performance eminem, featuredshady recordsshady is a boutique label and we don’t sign a lot of artists, so we have a chance to get involved at a deeper level with the ones we do.
more about shady recordsshady recordsshady familylatestshady recordsroyce da 5’9″ implies there might have been some bad blood between slaughterhouse and eminem eminem, royce da 5'9", shady records, slaughterhouseslaughterhouse members air their dirty laundry royce da 5'9", shady records, slaughterhouseconway the machine — “god don’t make mistakes” released conway the machine, shady recordsshady family50 cent adds a second date after his paris show gets sold out 50 cent, shady familythe game doubles down on being a better rapper than eminem eminem, the gameintoxicated “the game” wants smoke with eminem eminem, featured, the gamelatestimagine dragons’ spontaneous cover of eminem’s “lose yourself” eminememinem’s history of dissing diddy: long before it was ‘popular’ eminemslim shady announced missing on milk cartons worldwide eminemshady recordsartists signed by eminem:westside gunnrapper, songwriter, record executive, fashion designerconway the machinerapper, songwriteryelawolfrapper, singer, songwriterslaughterhousehip hop supergroupwestside boogierapper, songwriterd12eminem's possebad meets evileminem & royce da 5'9" duoshady family & friendsother artists eminem is close to:royce da 5’9″snoop doggrapper, songwriter, actor, media personality, entrepreneur, record producer, twitch streamerdr. drerapper, producer, entrepreneur, record executive, actorkendrick lamarrapper, songwriter, record producer50 centrapper, entrepreneur, actor, television producer, television director, record executivelatest newsstay tuned for all the latest eminem and shady records related newseminemimagine dragons’ spontaneous cover of eminem’s “lose yourself” on september 22, 2024
2likeseminememinem’s history of dissing diddy: long before it was ‘popular’ on september 19, 2024
2likeseminemslim shady announced missing on milk cartons worldwide on september 17, 2024
2likeseminemclean shady: fans in awe of a clean shaven eminem as he ditches his beard for “houdini” video on september 15, 2024
3likesbrowse more newscopyright © 2004-2025 by eminem.net. all rights reserved. eminem.net is an unofficial eminem and shady records fansite. eminem.net by no means tries to pass itself off as an official eminem website, nor is affiliated or endorsed by marshall mathers or his label. all trademarks and copyrights on this page are owned by their respective owners.menubiographyalbumslyricspicturestattoosinterviewspollsmorebiographyalbumslyricspicturestattoosinterviewspollsnewsletter
     




