





home - national homelessness law center






























































 

 





skip to content








202.638.2535contact usdonate 

facebookxyoutubeinstagramlinkedin 










  


search for:








about ushistory & missionour staffour boardcareers & internshipsour workour impactour supporterstake actionhousing not handcuffsjoin our networkshomelessness action legal team (halt)homeless advocates grouphousing not handcuffs justice network#iaskforhelpbecausesupport the law centerways to supportfoscarinis funddonatepro bonoresourceslegal resourcespast litigationletters and testimonyelection guidespublicationswebinarspoor not guilty challengehomelessness federal strategic planin need of assistance?news and eventslatest newseventsright to housing forumhuman right to housing awardspress releases2024 releases2023 releases2022 releases2021 releases2020 releases2019 releases2018 releasescontact usdonate 














homehomeless law2025-01-13t16:28:05-05:00 
we are a national organization dedicated
to using the power of the law
to end and prevent homelessness and
to protect the rights of people experiencing homelessness.
what we dothe law center works in a variety of arenas to help the nation’s 3.5 million people who are experiencing homelessness and its many inhumane effects.
overview
we are the only national legal group dedicated to ending and preventing homelessness. we expand access to affordable housing, meet the immediate and long-term needs of those who are homeless or at risk, and strengthen the social safety-net through:

    policy advocacy;
    public education;
    impact litigation; and
    advocacy training and support.

we believe all human beings have the right to a basic standard of living that includes safe, affordable housing, healthcare, and freedom from discrimination and cruelty.
causes of homelessness
the number one cause of homelessness is lack of affordable housing. the number of renters with extremely low incomes far surpasses the number of available affordable rental units. a 2012 study found only 5.8 million rental units affordable to the more than 10 million households that identify as extremely low income. after paying rent and utilities, 75% of those households end up with less than half of their income to pay for necessities such as food, medicine, transportation, or childcare.
progress
our proven method of first-rate legal advocacy on issues of housing and homelessness has a tremendous impact.

people experiencing homelessness in the ninth circuit can now rest without fearing arrest due to a successful ruling in martin v. boise.
since launching the #iaskforhelpbecause effort as part of the housing not handcuffs campaign, nearly 60 cities have repealed or ceased enforcement of bans on panhandling, protecting the first amendment-protected right to ask for help.
we ensure homeless students’ right to education under the mckinney-vento act through impact litigation, training, and resources.

support
our work is not finished until every person has a safe, permanent place to call home. and your support is crucial. in 2017, the law center leveraged over $6 million in donated legal services, which means every dollar you donate is multiplied six times over. and there are many ways to give:

financial contributions can be made at donate.
shopping on amazon? you can help the law center at no cost to you! if you shop at this link and select the national law center on homelessness & poverty, amazonsmile donates a portion of your total purchase to the law center. learn more here.
with the click of a button, your daily purchases can make a positive impact on others at no cost to you. if you shop online, igive organizes thousands of different donation policies at many of your favorite stores to make them applicable to your purchases. learn more here, or go directly to the igive page.
law firms interested in providing pro bono legal services, please visit halt
check for volunteer opportunities here.

useful linksabout
the law center is the only national organization dedicated solely to using the power of the law to end and prevent homelessness through training, advocacy, impact litigation, and public education.
learn morein the news
the law center is constantly in the news, and this is where you can find it. we are leading experts sought by national & international publications such as the new york times, associated press, and the bbc.
learn moreresources
the law center works tirelessly for a world where everyone has a place to call home. real solutions are backed by expert research and we have a multitude of resources available to combat homelessness.
learn moreget connectedlaw center newsletter:
in just times
subscribefollow the law center
on twitter!
followhave you liked us
on facebook?
like join the fight to end homelessness.
donate now!




 


 
 





national homelessness law center (formerly nlchp)

1400 16th street nw, suite 425 washington, d.c 20036
phone: 202.638.2535 
email: info@homelesslaw.org
web: homelesslaw.org

 monday – friday: 9:00 am – 5:00 pm

 the law center does not offer individual legal assistance

 


recent posts


trump threatens to displace homeless communities in d.c. with no plans to offer housing
february 11, 2025


hud nominee refuses to reject government-run detention camps for homeless people
february 5, 2025


2025 playbook
february 3, 2025


 

latest research 
2019 state index on youth homelessness
housing not handcuffs 2019


resources 
coronavirus
criminalization
housing
human rights
youth & education


 

get involved 
halt
volunteer
career opportunities
donate


quicklinks 
law center in the news
press releases
newsletter
social media


 

 
 
 





		© 2023 national homelessness law center   |   all rights reserved   |   privacy policy 


facebookxyoutubeinstagramlinkedin
 
 
 
 



toggle sliding bar area





national homelessness law center (formerly nlchp)

1400 16th street nw, suite 425 washington, d.c 20036
phone: 202.638.2535 
email: info@homelesslaw.org
web: homelesslaw.org



recent posts


trump threatens to displace homeless communities in d.c. with no plans to offer housing


hud nominee refuses to reject government-run detention camps for homeless people


2025 playbook


 






 
 
page load link





























































































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok

 


go to top




