

international  wall of prayer:  a call to pray for and to bless israel











international wall of prayer:a  call  to  pray  for  andto  bless  israel



aliyahingathering fromthe nationsarchivesi.ii.iii.blessing israel:shopping / travelyesha communitieschristian support of  israel:"a call to israel and to  the united states""about those anti-jewish christians""an open letter tothe palestinian people""derek prince:lover of  g-d, lover of zion""how and whyamerica's christians' must' care for israel""israel's right tothe land""little action ofthe third front""peace in the middle east:seven reasons why israel has a right tothe land""strong christian support for israel""the land of israel,a gift from g-d""the mountains ofisrael""the root of anti-semitism""why evangelicalssupport israel""zechariah's warning to bush and condi"daily prayers / alertseretz yisrael:supportingyesha communitiesg-d's eternalpromisesisrael newsletters of encouragementto israel fromthe nationsmust reads!"a dangeroussilence"by mayor ed kocha "settler's" historyof "settlements""europe's mediafeeds anti-semitism""from palestinian terrorist tochristian zionist""in england,a victory forfreedom""jews, g-d, andisrael""learn the truth ofwhat's presentlyhappening inlebanon!""shame on you"by  nonie darwish"standing firm for israel" by alan keyes"the divine zionistroadmap""the infamous plo covenant""time to'go biblical'with arabs""why islamicterrorists do what they do":poems of the month:"a 'hudna'  if you please! ""because they're jews""for jerusalem's sake""israel, could youforget?""land for peace""next year injerusalem!"sodom andgomorrah wouldblush!"the mighty exodus""woe to thosewho go down toegypt"morepoetry by eva:"to israel withlove"internationalwall of prayer:praying for israeland the worldpro-israelorganizationsquotes:"the bible isstill  the mostbeloved ..."rememberingthe holocauststudiesupcomingcalendar of eventsworld news



"for   zion's   sake   will  i  not  hold  my  peace, and for jerusalem's  sake  i  will  not  rest,  until  the  righteousness there-of  go  forth  as  brightness,  and  the  salvation  thereof  as  a   lamp  that burneth.and  the gentiles  shall  see  thy  righteousness, and  all  kings thy  glory and  thou  shalt  be   called  by  a  new  name,  which   the   mouth  of  the l-rd shall  name.  thou  shalt  also  be   a  crown   of   glory  in   the  hand  of  the l-rd, and a  royal diadem  in  the  hand  of  thy  g-d. thou  shalt  no  more  be termed  forsaken, neither  shall   thy  land  any  more  be termed  desolate:   but  thou  shalt   be   called   hephzibah,  and thy  land  beulah. for the l-rd delighteth  in thee,  and thy land  shall be married.  for  as   a  young  man  marrieth  a  virgin,  so  shall thy  sons  marry  thee:  and  as  the   bridegroom  rejoiceth  over  the bride,  so  shall  thy  g-d rejoice  over  thee.  i  have  set  watchmen  upon  thy  walls, o  jerusalem, which  shall  never  hold  their  peace  day nor night:  ye that  make  mention  of  the  l-rd keep not  silence, and  give  him  no  rest, till  he  establish, and  till  he make jerusalem a  praise in   the   earth.  the  l-rd  hath  sworn  by  his  right  hand,  and  by   the   arm    of his   strength,  surely   i   will   no   more   give   thy   corn   to    be  meat  for  thine   enemies;  and the sons of the stranger shall  not  drink thy wine, for  the  which  thou has  labored.  but   they  that    have   gathered    it   shall    eat   it,   and    praise   the l-rd;  and they   that  have brought  it  together shall  drink  it  in the  courts   of  my  holiness.  go  through,   go   through   the   gates,   prepare   ye   the   way   of    the   people, cast   up,   cast   up  the  highway,  gather  out  the  stones;  lift up  a  standard  for the people.  behold,  the   l-rd  hath  proclaimed  unto   the  end  of  the  world, say  ye  to  the daughter   of    zion,   behold   thy   salvation   cometh, behold,   his    reward    is  with  him,   and  his   work   before   him.  and   they  shall  call   them,   the   holy  people,   the  redeemed   of   the l-rd   and   thou   shalt  be  called,  sought  out, a  city   not  forsaken"  -- isaiah 62:1-12



g-d's  eternal  "foreign  policystatement" regarding the land and people of israelis found in genesis  (bereshith 12:3)



international wall of prayer stands against any and all forms of anti-israel / anti-jewish sentiment and bigotry, including (but not limited to) such from media outlets which villify israel and glorify islamic terrorists and others who seek israel's destruction; from all nations seeking to divide the land of israel and to drive the jewish people from their own land; and from so called "christian" sects and organizations which, through their gross misinterpretation of the holy scriptures,  have caused many christians and non-christians everywhere to curse israel through the hellish doctrine of  "replacement theology" ( i.e. the notion that the church has replaced israel as g-d's chosen people).  international wall of prayer supports the fact that g-d entrusted the entire "promised land", including (but not limited to) judea and samaria (the "west  bank"), gush katif (gaza), and the golan, to israel in accordance with his everlasting covenant with abraham, isaac, and jacob found in the holy scriptures.  please click here to discover what g-d has to say regarding his everlasting covenant with his chosen people, israel.



"i have set watchmen upon thy walls, o' jerusalem,  which shall never hold their peace day nor night, ye that make mention of the l-rd, keep not silence, and give him no rest,  till he establish and till he make jerusalem a praise in the earth"  (isaiah 62:6-7)







"jerusalemof gold"history, lyrics &music



"the watchmen'sprayer"poem by evachristians uniting for israela new voice isheardan urgentcall to prayer"reciting psalmsover israel"april 11, 2010in remembranceof yom hashoah"israel could you forget?"poem by evaapril 11, 2010remembrance day ceremonypm netanyahu's speech at the holocaust martyrs'and heroes"the historic ironyof the europeanblanket of ashes"ari  abramwitzyom ha'atzmautisrael's day ofindependenceisrael'smemorial daystoryspeech at the concert incentral parkrabbi algazeproclamation ofthe thirdinternationalchristian zionist congresscelebration ofjerusalem day"my home.my history.my heart."may 14, 1948"a nation is born"david ben-gurion'sdeclaration of jewish right tothe land1995the jerusalem actisrael"in a nutshell"powerpoint presentationspurimprayer & poemdr. martin luther king  jr."zionism""if you're not ruled  by g-d,you're ruled bytyranny!"march 13, 2002rabbis call for ...national day ofprayer for israelprayer of blessing"shine your faceupon your people"sept.30-oct.7, 2012 feast of tabernaclesisrael my beloved"g-d's double portion-the early and thelatter rain"sept. 30-oct. 4, 2012icej's  33rd annual feast oftabernacles"the spirit of graceand supplication""october 7, 2012"pray for the peaceof jerusalem day"the global day ofprayer forthe peace ofjerusalem2012 61st annualnat'l day of prayer"blessed is the nation whose g-d is the  l-rd" psalm 33:12cufi  conferencewashington, d.c.christians and jews gather together tohonor israel andlobby washingtonon behalf of israel"sha-a-lu-shalomyerushalayim"[psalm 122:6]("pray for the peaceof jerusalem")







for contact information:internationalwallofprayer@yahoo.com



[when]  the  law  of  the  land supercedes the  law  of g-d,   (the g-d of  abraham, isaac  &  jacob) [then]  there  is  no  law !!!



"we  [christians]  owe  the  jewish  people  an  enormous  debt. without  them,  the  church  would  have  no  patriarchs, no apostles,  no  bible   and   no   savior.   my   most   precious possession  in  life  is  my  bible,  and  i  owe  it all to the  jewishpeople"   --  derek prince



the  bible is  the  only"true" and"everlasting" roadmap topeace!



psalm 83 - a prayer for israelpowerpoint presentation created by a christian witnessmusic   "kumi ori"   (arise and shine)   by barry & batya segal



"but ye,  o'  mountains  of  israel,  ye  shall  shoot  forth  your branches, and  yield  your fruit  to my people  of  israel;  for  they  are  at  hand  to come. for,   behold,   i  am   for   you,  and   i  will  turn  unto   you,  and  ye  shall   be tilled  and  sown:  and  i  will   multiply  men   upon   you,  and   the   house of israel,  even   all  of   it:  and  the  cities   shall  be  inhabited,  and  the wastes  shall be  builded:   and  i  will  multiply upon  you   man  and beast;  and  they shall  increase  and    bring  forth  fruit: and   i  will   settle  you  after your  old estates,  and  will do  better  unto  you than  at  your beginnings:  and ye shall know  that  i  am  the  l-rd" -  ezekiel 36:8-11



"israel, one nationunder g-d"[the joining together of two sticks]  ezekiel 37:15-22 please click here



for  love  of  g-d's  house ... "i  was  glad  when  they  said   unto  me,  let  us  go  into  the  house  of  the  l-rd. our  feet  shall   stand   within thy  gates,  o' jerusalem.  jerusalem  is  builded  as  a  city  that  is  compact   together:  whither   the   tribes  go   up,  the  tribes of  the  l-rd,  unto  the  testimony  of  israel,  to  give  thanks  unto the name of  the  l-rd.  for there  are  set thrones  of  judgment, the  thrones of the house of david.  pray  for  the peace of jerusalem: they shall  prosper that  love   thee.   peace   be   within   thy   walls,   and   prosperity  within  thy palaces.  for  my  brethren  and  companions'  sakes,  i  will  now say,  peace be  within  thee.  because  of  the  house  of  the  l-rd  our  g-d  i  will   seek thy good" -- psalm 122:1-9



"kumi  ori  ki  ba'a  orech..."( isaiah 60:1 ) "arise,  shine;  for thy  light  is  come..."



"who has  heard such a thing?  who has seen   such things?  shall the  earth , be  made to    give  birth  in one  day?  or  shall  a  nation    be  born  at once?  for as  soon as  zion was   in  labor, she  gave  birth  to  her  children"  isaiah 66:8



"in   that   day   it   shall   be  said   to  jerusalem,  "fear  thou not;  and   to  zion,  let not thy  hands   be  slack.  hashem thy  g-d  in   the  midst   of   thee  is  mighty;  he will  save, he  will  rejoice  over  thee  with   joy;  he  will  rest  in  his   love,  he  will  joy  over  thee  with   singing.   'i   will   gather   them   that   are   sorrowful   for  the  solemn  assembly, who  are of  thee, to  whom  the   reproach   of  it  was  a  burden. behold,  at   that  time  i   will   undo  all   that   afflicts   thee:   and  i   will   save  her  that  halteth   and  gather  her  that   was   driven  out;  and  i  will   get   them  praise  and   fame  in  every  land  where   they   have  been  put  to   shame.   at  that   time will  i  bring  you  again,  even  in  the  time  that  i  gather you: for  i  will   make  you  a  name  and  a   praise  among  all  people   of   the  earth,  when  i  turn  back your captivity before your eyes, saith  the hashem" - zephaniah  3:16-20.







 un flag at the kotel israeli  pm netanyahu's response tous president obama



the  act  of terrorism  is a  crime  against  humanity!



jesus was borna jew!please click here



a must read!showdownon mountcarmela.k.a."the greatisraelibaal-out"( i kings 18 )poem by eva



the auschwitz albuma virtual history of what took place in the auschwitz-birkenau death camp



anti-semitism  by oriana fallaci"i find it shameful in the name of jesus christ(a jew without whom   [the church]   would all be unemployed) ...")please click here to read 



the temple mount belongs to the jews!please click here to read



solidarity resolutionbridges  for  peace  solidarity mission 2000please click here to read



a prayer fortoday israeli prime ministermenachem begin



" let my people go!"g-d's warning to the nationsplease click here



may 2010levitt letter"lincolnandthe jews"please click here



in honor ofthe 60th anniversary of israel's re-independenceu.s. president george w. bush's  historic address toisrael's  knessetplease click here to read



all roadslead to thejudgmentseat ofg-d!



an openletter to u.s. presidentgeorge w. bush



am yisrael chai !("the people of israel live!")



the  name  of  the  land  is "israel"please click here to read the truth



by divine right! a message  to  the nations of  the world !



american generals write obama on israel"israel as a security asset for the united states"please click here to read 



"baruch ata hashem, menachem tzion uvoneh yerushalayim""blessed are you, who comforts zionand builds jerusalem"



nov. 10, 2001"president bush addressesthe un"



"the sound of the shofar"by rabbi kempinskyplease click here



dec. 12, 2006"address byprime ministerolmert"



i promise!"never again!"poem by eva



us congress expressessolidarity with israelhouse  resolution  392



our feet  stood at your gates,o' jerusalem by rabbi shaul yisrael(g-d's love & faithfulness to israel.)please click here



"jerusalem was always ours, will always be ours, and will never  again be divided!"israeli  prime minister binyamin netanyahuisrael nat'l news may 22, 2009



"the flag that flies over  the kotel isthe israeli flag.our holy places --the temple mountwill remain under israeli sovereigntyforever!"israeli pmbinyamin netanyahu israel nat'l newsmay 22, 2009



why  evangelicals  support israel"the  g-d who  spoke  to  moses  on  mount  sinai  is  our g-d.abraham, isaac  and  jacob  are  our  spiritual   patriarchs.jeremiah,  ezekiel   and  daniel are  our prophets.king david, a man  after  g-d's  own  heart  is  our  hero.the  holy city of  jerusalem  is  our spiritual  capital,and  the  continuation  of jewish sovereignty over the holy land  is  a  further bulwark to  us   that the  g-d  of   the  bible  exists   andthat his  word  is true.  amen!"  - pat robertson, cbn



"peace  can  never be achieved by defying the \will of  g-d!"



and g-d heard our prayers!in 1986 "refusnik"  anatoly (natan) scharansky was released from a soviet prison cellplease click here to read



netanyahu at auschwitz:never again!"



open  letter  from  bibi  to[us president]   barack  [hussein obama]"we are not building settlements [in jerusalem];we are developing our capital."



"god's eternal light"poem by evaisrael,  you were entrusted with the imperishable  "light of  the law", the "oracles of g-d", the torah. though on wilderness journeys you've traveled, exiled by g-d unto the nations hurled, with you, my kinsmen, went the "light of glory", g-d's message sent by you unto a dying world. this wasthe expectation of  your people, to go forth ing-d's glory and might.  you were entrusted to establish g-d's blessed kingdom by immersingthe world with g-d's eternal light.



a letter to gaza - by nonnie darwish"what makes me different is that i do not only love arabs, but i also love the jewish people."



the  right to self-defensejust like  every other  nation,  israel  has the  right to defend   herself against all  enemy  attacks, including the  right to   inspect all ships  found  in  her  coastal  waters.   in the  past,   israel  has  seized  ships  such  as  the  karine  a,  which  wasfound carrying 50 tons of weaponry from iran,  a  nationbent on israel's total  destruction.  israel  cannot  afford  to  be  lax  on  her  security,   especially  regarding  the  protection  of  her  citizens  who  are  being  constantly  rocketed  and  bombarded  by  islamic  terrorists  operating  from  gaza.    -  international wall of prayer - 



expose' on the united nationsand their sentiments againstthe usa and israel



the men of israel todaybenjamin netanyahuformer prime minister of israelan important video message for today, hosted by curt landry



"i  believe  with perfect  faith  in the coming  of messiah  and though  he tarry nevertheless do  i  believe" - maimonides - 







"anyone who truly believes the word of g-d, be he jew or christian should  be ableto say he isa zionist" michael ford



expose' on the gaza flotilla



"the truth, in every corner of the world, must be told!" international wall of prayer



faith looks to g-dand  g-d  alone, and  humbly bowsbefore his throne.his holy wordshall yet prevail.his boundless love will never failpoem by eva



abbas to obama:  "hudna!""i say in front of you, mr. president, that we have nothing to do with incitement against israel, abbas said.  "what we care  about is to live in coexistence with israel in order to bring about the independent palestinian state that will live side by side with israel."please click here to read eye-opening pmw bulletin



march  ofthe livingchallenging a new generation of jews with two significant events of jewish history -- the shoah (the holocaust)and the birth of the state of israelplease click hereto find out how youcan get nvolved



"israel has never ceased to exist, and it will surviveall adversity"giveon cornfield phd"a right to exist"august 4, 2002



"treblinka still cries out!"poem by eva



confronting europe's waron the jews"the stuggle of israel, even if the world doesn't want to accept it,is the struggle of the world."please click here to read from a journalist who has made it her  duty to search for the truth beyond prejudice, lies, and manipulations.



 a "must read"for all holocaust deniersplease click here to read



eyeon the untoday's"tower of babel"



"i am only one,  but still i am one. i cannot do  everything,  but  still i can dosomething. and because i cannot  do everything. i will  not refuse todo  the something  that i can do"  - edward everette haleplease  click  here  to  read  how   two  became  twenty



the flag of my people"a story of simchath torah in russia"by elma ehrlich levinger



sweet ancient  of days, to you allmen shall come.  to the light of your glory, all men shall run. for there's no other fount so full and free.  no other savior l-rd g-d but thee.poem by eva



denial of religious rightsby the palestinian authority"not just jews, but christians have also beenvictimized by islamic intolerance for'infidel'  holy sites"



"the mandate for christians to pray for the peace of jerusalem is not an option, it is an obligation,"- elwood mcquaid -



" g-d's mandate  is recorded for us in the book  of isaiah.  we are to give him no rest until he establishes jerusalem, his earthly zion, as a praise in all the earth.  the mandates of g-d are to be obeyed.  how then can we excuse ourselves?"- kay arthur -



"you will arise andhave compassion on zion;  for  it is time to show favor to her;  the appointed time  has come"  - psalm 102:13



"i will bless  those who bless you, and whoever curses you i will curse;  and  all peopleson  earth will be blessed through you."  - genesis 12:3 



"israel,embraceyourdivinedestiny!"



april 25, 1920 - san remo mandate:  israel's 'magna carta (a great and historical act regarding the division of middle-eastern lands and theestablishment  of  the national jewish homeland.  this mandate supercedes  all un  resolutions  pertinent  to israel,  and is still in effect today.   by  law, it cannot be revoked by the un.)   click here to view eye-opening, educational  video



5771rosh  hashannah a poem forthe new year,by eva



king manassehbased onii chronicles 33poem by evait's time that we (both  jews and christians) returned to  the only trueand living g-d,, the g-d of abraham, isaac and jacob!



current, worldwide religiouspersecutionthe silence  must be broken, and it beginswith you and me!- international wall of prayer - 



apocalypse ... for such a time![ezekiel, your holy  vision hasbecome  mine.]  poem by eva







moses and the  red seanine-year-old joey was asked by his mother what he had learned in sunday school..."well, mom, our teacher told us how g-d sent  moses behind enemy lines to lead the israelites out  of egypt.  when he got to the red sea, he had his army build a pontoon bridge and all the people walked across safely.  then he radioed headquarters  for reinforcements.  they  sent bombers to blow up the bridge and all the israelites were saved.""now, joey, is that really what your teacher taught you?"  his mother asked."well, no, mom.  but, if i told it the way the teacher did, you'd never believe it!"   - anonymous
















