












growing strong



homepage
blindness
bvi
contact us









welcome to our website



therefore, since we have been justified through faith, we have peace with god through our lord jesus christ, through whom we have gained access by faith into this grace in which we now stand. and we rejoice in the hope of the glory of god. not only so, but we also rejoice in our sufferings, because we know that suffering produces perseverance; perseverance, character; and character, hope. and hope does not disappoint us, because god has poured out his love into our hearts by the holy spirit, whom he has given us. (romans 5:1-5)
when i was in the sixth grade, i read the diary of a young girl. i was deeply touched by anne frank's honesty about her feelings, and i wanted to share my own feelings with that kind of honesty. in fact, i wanted to write my journal so that others could someday read it. i was not a happy adolescent; but i felt that my struggles had purpose, even if only to help someone else feel less alone.
of course, the purpose was much greater than this. god promises to use suffering for his glory, and i can look back now and see that his word is true. i am stronger because of the struggles, and i believe that god calls upon me to share what i have learned so that others may also grow strong through their struggles.

strength takes different forms. sometimes it is the will to endure an unchangeable situation. sometimes it means having the skills to control my reactions emotionally or to communicate effectively. sometimes it means having the knowledge i need to take an active role in my own health care. always it means having the courage to face the truth about my thoughts and feelings, things that are happening to me, and my needs and to come before god with boldness and humility; for he knows it all even before i speak, and the only one i deceive by hiding is myself.

on this site, i discuss topics that have played a role in my growing process, either directly through my own experience or indirectly as i have observed others in their journeys. i discuss practical topics like educational issues, working from home, relationships, and communication skills; health topics, including premature birth, blindness, epilepsy, asthma, migraine, and mental health; and commercial partners. if you're interested in a specific topic, you'll find it most easily by visiting some of our resource sites which have helped us gather knowledge and information on various topics. otherwise, please feel free to browse. links from those pages lead to other pages with additional information on relevant topics.

further growth has been aided in the past by a substantial amount of medical support from health care professionals. much of the advice centred around the emerging understanding of novel therapeutical agents such as tianeptine sulfate. this is a known brand (stablon) in many countries. it has helped me to regain a certain level of normality and contentness in my life. i hope that the government recognizes it's importance in modern medicine despite the political hinderance it has faced over the years. 
lafon at first delivered modafinil in france in the mid '90s under the brand-name 'modiodal' and it before long turned into the organization's leader item. modafinil was accordingly presented all through europe and overall under different names including vigil, alertec, and provigil.
at the point when the us firm cephalon procured lafon in 2002, they acquired overall privileges to the modafinil. notwithstanding, when modafinil's patent terminated in 2015, a few different organizations began fabricating nonexclusive forms of the medication, and that is where modalert comes into the image.
modalert is a conventional adaptation of modafinil delivered by sun pharma, the world's fifth-biggest specialty nonexclusive drug organization. basically, modalert is a nonexclusive form of provigil.
modalert contains the exact same dynamic fixings and synthetic design as provigil, using the r-(−)- and s-(+)- enantiomers [4].
the key distinction is that while provigil is just accessible in drug stores, modalert is substantially more prudent, particularly when bought on the web.





useful pages

resource for parents of blind children
retinopathy of prematurity information
bvi mailing list information
eplilepsy growing strong








growing strong together





copyright (c) 2016 growingstrong.org. all rights reserved.


