






















olms | u.s. department of labor











      skip to main content
    












an official website of the united states government.
here’s how you know


here’s how you know









the .gov means it’s official.
 federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site.
                        






the site is secure.
 the https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely.
                        














u.s. department of labor








                        office of labor-management standards
                    







faq
contact
en español






menu












search

 












 submenu




file labor-management (lm) reportsback




file labor-management (lm) reports



file labor union, trusteeship, employer, and consultant reports (efs)


e-cba portal


file surety reports


forms and instructions


historical filing data









search labor-management (lm) reportsback




search labor-management (lm) reports



online public disclosure room


union reports


trusteeship reports


employer and consultant reports 


union officer and employee reports 


collective bargaining agreements (cbas)


historical filing data









enforcementback




enforcement



criminal enforcement 


historical enforcement data


civil enforcement 


final agency decisions


compliance audits


partnerships with other agencies 









compliance assistanceback




compliance assistance



publications


olms ca sessions


union resources


interpretative manual


transit employee protections (13c)


employer and consultant reporting


olms en español









laws and regulationsback




laws and regulations



labor-management reporting and disclosure act (lmrda)


civil service reform act (csra)


poster: notice of employee rights under federal law (executive order 13496)


mass transit employee protections









about usback




about us



olms summary


history


overview of olms


organizational chart


olms blog posts


olms annual reports


news releases


email subscriptions


related agencies









contact usback





contact us


file a complaint


freedom of information act requests


find your regional/district office






olms en español










search
























breadcrumb


home










olms promotes labor union democracy and financial integrity
olms promotes union democracy, protects union assets, and advances labor-management transparency.
learn more

































 

 online public disclosure records file labor-management reportsgo to the olms electronic forms system (efs) to file your lm report.   view persuader and information-supplying/employer and consultant reportsfind reports concerning employers hiring third parties to supply information to them concerning the employers' workers or persuade them concerning their union organizing rights. search for form lm-10 reports filed by employers and form lm-20 and lm-21 reports filed by a labor relations consultant.view union reportsfind form lm-1 information reports, forms lm-2, lm-3, lm-4, and simplified labor organization annual financial reports, and union constitutions and bylaws. also, find form lm-30 labor organization officer and employee reports and form lm-15/15a/16 trusteeship reports.view collective bargaining agreements (cba)find cbas received voluntarily from either an employer or a labor union (or their employees or agents), singly or jointly.












featured services and resources


 

labor-management partnership programinterested in building or sustaining a labor-management partnership for your workplace?find out how the labor-management partnership program provides industry specific examples of what can be achieved through collaboration and partnership!learn moretransit worker protectionsfind information on mass transit workers' protections and rights.  learn morepersuader reporting  tip lineplease submit any information regarding the failure of an employer or labor relations consultant to file a persuader report. learn morereport embezzlement of union fundsif you suspect embezzlement from a labor union, please contact olms. learn more












news and updates


 

addition of eins to the forms lm-10, lm-20, and lm-21
upcoming compliance assistance sessions










contact us


 

how to contact olmshow to file a complaint with olmshow to make a freedom of information act (foia) request
















scroll to top 






file labor-management (lm) reports


search labor-management (lm) reports


enforcement


compliance assistance


laws and regulations


about us


olms en español





















office of labor-management standards

an agency within the u.s. department of labor


    200 constitution ave nw
    washington, dc 20210
1-866-4-usa-dol1-866-487-2365















federal government


white house


disaster recovery assistance


disasterassistance.gov


usa.gov


no fear act data


u.s. office of special counsel






labor department


about dol


guidance search


español


office of inspector general


subscribe to the dol newsletter


read the dol newsletter


emergency accountability status link


a to z index






about the site


freedom of information act


privacy & security statement


disclaimers


important website notices


plug-ins used on dol.gov


accessibility statement




















 

























