



indiana environmental health association - home








































 
                       










































































home
















about ieha
















join ieha
















neha
















chapter map
















sustaining members
















job board
















conferences



















fall conference 2024
















spring conference 2024
























course and trainings
















executive board  



















forms and policies
















historical executive board minutes
















strategic plan
























association awards
















chapter webpages



















southern chapter






















































* email







* password






remember me












forgot password











 




























                                               











from the president







welcome
to the website for the indiana environmental health association! ieha is an
active and lively association dedicated to the promotion of environmental
health. this is partially accomplished through our committees and chapters. our
four standing committees include participating ieha members, interested parties,
and chapter representatives. they meet regularly to address:

food protection
general environmental
terrorism and all hazards preparedness
wastewater management

there
are other ieha committees as well, including the membership committee, website
committee, awards committee, finance committee, publications committee,
nominations committee, program committee, and the coped committee that provides
scholarships. all are actively involved and bring relevant information to the
membership and perform association processes for the ieha.
the ieha
also has eight different chapters, located in regions throughout indiana (see
chapter map). chapters hold regular meetings and offer speakers and tours on
occasion. one of the most valued parts of the chapter events is the
opportunity to network with peers. the chapter events offer a way to get information,
guidance, and support in dealing with issues encountered in the field. you
can find notice of various chapter meetings here on our website. 
please
visit our conferences pages throughout the year to learn more about our
incredible spring and fall educational conferences. these pages will be updated
with information as available. you may support our association with conference
registration, donations, and sponsorships. plan to join us!
consider
becoming an ieha member. our fees are modest, and the benefit is great! this is
an exciting time for public health in indiana.
i am
happy to provide more ieha information, share relevant and updated information
with our membership, and learn from our members, colleagues, and supporters.
feel free to contact me directly at kclick@co.hendricks.in.us or
317-442-0374. thank you!
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
krista
click 
2024 president, indiana environmental health association 




















upcoming events




















wabash valley chapter meeting




03 apr 2025 9:30 am
						• montgomery co. hd










mgt 447 managing food emergencies: strategies for a community response




29 apr 2025 8:00 am
						• seasons conference center 590 state road 46 nashville, in 47448










certified pool operator course




29 apr 2025 8:30 am
						• 4012 n rural st, indianapolis, in 46205










certified pool operator recertification




08 may 2025 10:00 am
						• virtual










wabash vallley chapter meeting




05 jun 2025 9:30 am
						• fulton co. health department






















 



 
 






























































indiana environmental health association. all right reserved. 
















powered by wild apricot membership software




 
 



