 





nyc movers share tips for living in manhattan









































menu









home
about us
get in touch
 




search for:





 





















home
about us
get in touch
 















search for:





 

























search for:





  recent posts 

7 tips to make your apartment move go smoothly


five things to do with your kids in nyc this weekend


how to prepare for moving to an apartment in nyc


6 reasons to consider relocating the new york city


advertisement 


















7 tips to make your apartment move go smoothly
categories:apartment moving05/28/201805/28/2018 extended 

anticipating a move can be an exciting time. a new location, a new apartment; but it can also seem overwhelming. just the thought of the work that moving entails can be flat out nerve-racking. by preparing a strategy and applying smart organization skills, you can make your transition an easier one.
here are seven tips from apartment movers to smoothly usher you out from your old apartment and into your new one:
1. keep a moving folder
create a moving folder 2-3 months before moving. examples of what to keep in it:

a list of what to pack
errands that need to be completed before moving day
receipts from moving expenses
questions about your new apartment
items you may need for your new apartment

this folder will be your “brain” and will keep you on track and organized during the moving process.
2. declutter
as you start packing, sort through clothes and other items you don’t wear or use. if you haven’t used it in the last year, you probably won’t use it in the future. you can donate items to charity or make a few bucks by selling them. decluttering will also lighten your moving load. check with your mover to see if they can drop off your load at your charity of choice for you. many nyc moving companies offer donation drop-offs as a service for clients in the city.
3. essentials box
pack a separate box with items you use daily. include enough things to get you by for a few days until you do the serious unpacking.
include items such as:

toiletries
snack and quick foods
shower curtain
coffee pot
a few outfits

4. label boxes
you can color code boxes by room, use a numbering system, or write the name of the room on each box. this way, you and your moving help will know exactly where to place the boxes, and it takes the guesswork out of finding items for that room.
5. transfer utilities
there’s more to moving than just packing. be sure your accounts are transferred about one week before moving day. besides utilities, you’ll want to transfer renter’s insurance if you have it. forward your mail with the local postal service to ensure these important bills and other mail don’t get lost.
6. clean
if your apartment complex does not have their cleaning service, you’ll want to be sure you clean your vacated apartment top to bottom. if you don’t have time, hire a professional to get the job done.
it’s easiest to do this after you have already moved. that way, boxes, and furniture aren’t in the way, and you can do a more thorough job. leaving your apartment in a stellar condition not only ensures a refund of your deposit but encourages your property owner to provide a good reference for being a tidy tenant.
7. take pictures of both apartments
before turning the key to the old and signing a lease with the new, take pictures of every room in both apartments. picture evidence protects you from being charged for damages after moving and prevents you from the responsibility of any pre-existing damages in your new apartment.
implementing these tips can ease the physical and mental stress of moving. once you’re settled and relaxing in your new apartment, you’ll see it was all worth it.
 


read more









five things to do with your kids in nyc this weekend
categories:kids in nycupdated  on: 05/01/201805/05/2018 extended 

nyc is by far one of the best cities to raise kids in, with a wealth of activities for little ones of all ages. however, … 


read more









how to prepare for moving to an apartment in nyc
categories:apartment in nyc04/26/201804/26/2018 extended 

new york city is unlike any other city in the world. while nyc certainly is the land of opportunity, there are a few things you can’t ignore if you’re planning to move here. with its sky-high rent, insane cost of living, and ridiculous traffic, the thought of moving to new york would scare many a newcomer.
getting through the nyc move
getting through the big move is all about knowing what to expect. while you may be apprehensive about your upcoming move, nyc is an incredible city, and you’ll be settled in in no time. if you’re headed to the big apple soon, read these tips to make sure you have a smooth move.
1. size, rent, or location: in manhattan, you can only get one
the average individual moving to manhattan doesn’t have the luxury of being able to find their ideal apartment. it is a general rule of thumb that if you are shopping for an apartment in the city, you’ll have to sacrifice a few things. when searching for your new living quarters, keep in mind that you’ll likely find an apartment that either fits into your budget, is out of your budget but is your dream size, or is both out of your budget, incredibly small, and in a great location. you can’t have both ways.
2. paying for rent
in new york, renters have to pay upfront fairly soon after choosing an apartment. once you find a place that you love, it’s likely you’ll need to pay the one month deposit immediately. when you find a place that you think you can live with, you better have the funds on hand, lest someone else steal your new apartment away from you.
when it comes to renting with bad or no credit, it isn’t uncommon for landlords to request anywhere from one month to six months in rent.
3. think about your lease
signing a year-long lease may not be in your best interest. particularly if you are new to the city and not settled in your current place, it can be best to choose a monthly lease instead. with a month-to-month rental, you’ll have time to adjust your budget, figuring out which apartment will be best.
4. throw everything away!
before the big move to nyc, it’s no joke that you’ll need to downsize seriously. with the limited amount of space that the city offers, you’ll do best if you downsize your belongings as much as possible. that means giving away most of your wardrobe, leaving your furniture behind, and boxing your valuables away in storage.
5. if you use the subway, don’t overpay
many newcomers to nyc think they’ll be on the subway 90% of the time. while this is the case for some people, it may not be for others. figure out how often you’re likely to use the subway and plan accordingly. if you’re only going to use the subway sparingly, you may find that it’s cheaper to pay each time you ride. if your daily commute requires the subway, you’ll want to invest in the monthly metro card.
6. hire movers for your sanity
renting a u-haul works great if you live in a one-story house in a quiet suburban neighborhood with a driveway or ample street parking. managing your own move in a bustling city like new york, however, is another story. you’ll be hard pressed to find a parking spot for a large truck outside your apartment building. and even if you do find parking, you’ll have to carry all your stuff up and down several flights of stairs. instead of doing a diy move, just spend the money on a moving company. here are a few that we recommend:

shleppers moving & storage (920 e 149th st, bronx, ny 10455, phone: (212) 223-4004)
imperial moving & storage (imperialmovers.com, 83 washington place, new york, ny 10011, (212) 879-6683)
man with a van (832 kent ave, brooklyn, ny 11205, (212) 643-8422)

moving to manhattan is an exciting time. use these five tips to get used to the nyc lifestyle before you even get off the plane. while it may be hectic getting settled in, you’ll be calling new york “home” in no time.


read more









6 reasons to consider relocating the new york city
categories:move to nyupdated  on: 04/26/201804/16/2018 extended 

new york city is a huge, bustling city of possibilities. to live there would be an adventure. if you’re looking for a new place to … 


read more






 


search
search for:





new york 


footer linkshome
about us
get in touch
 





						copyright © 2025. stay nyc | privacy policy

















facebook





twitter





google+





linkedin





pinterest





stumbleupon





tumblr





blogger





myspace





delicious





yahoo mail





gmail





newsvine





digg





friendfeed





buffer





reddit





vkontakte








pin it on pinterest








…shares





…








…








…








…








…








…





























