







oklahoma criminal defense attorney | wyatt law office














































 














405-234-5500


okc criminal defense
tulsa criminal defense
 












home
about

bob wyatt – okc
taylor mclawhorn – okc
clint james – tulsa
awards
publications
testimonials
victories
counties & courts served
attorney fees & expenses


your rights

what to do if you’re arrested
steps in the state legal process
steps in the federal process
legal research


blog
practice areas
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 










oklahoma criminal defense attorneys
wyatt law office in oklahoma city & tulsa provides expert legal defense with over 30 years of experience.

your future is our business.
 










when you need results, call the wyatt law office. for 30 years, we have offered the best representation against criminal charges. when your life and reputation are on the line, you need experienced criminal defense lawyers. we don’t take cases to lose. our criminal defense lawyers travel all over oklahoma.





✓ state crimes
✓ federal crimes
✓ conspiracy
✓ drug crimes & trafficking
✓ dui, dwi & apc
✓ sex crimes
✓ violent crimes
✓ white collar crimes
✓ other criminal charges
✓ expungement & pardons
✓ plea bargains
 



not guilty!  the award-winning criminal defense attorneys at wyatt law office practice statewide in all courts – federal, state and municipal.  with offices in okc and tulsa, we can take care of all of your oklahoma criminal defense needs. whether you are under investigation or have been charged, we are the criminal defense firm for you. whether you fight the charges at trial or want to negotiate a plea bargain, we are able to guide and defend you.

a winning tradition

we are defined by old-school values and work ethic, but bob and clint offer a unique pairing with different approaches, strategies, and experiences that bring the old school and new school together in one team. one thing we have in common is that we don’t give up until our clients are happy or we have exhausted every available option.
let wyatt law office fight for you!
 








free legal consultation
call us at (405) 234-5500
 or complete the form below and we'll contact you as soon as possible.

name*phone*email*

tell us about your case*captchaemailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 




















search for:
















aggressive oklahoma criminal attorneys & trial lawyers

wyatt law office is passionate about criminal defense law in oklahoma. our tulsa and oklahoma city criminal defense attorneys know that defending people accused of crimes is more than a job. in fact, it is a “calling.” 
very few people can say that they love their jobs, but both bob wyatt and clint james get excited about going to work every day. our oklahoma city based criminal defense firm represents clients throughout the state. contact wyatt law office in okc or tulsa for a free consultation. we want to be your law firm of choice for civil and criminal defense in oklahoma.
we understand that our work impacts your family, your freedom, and your livelihood. with so much at stake, you need to know that your oklahoma criminal defense attorney will work as hard as possible to get you the best result. looking for the best oklahoma criminal defense law firm? contact one of our defense attorneys in oklahoma city or tulsa for your free initial consultation. put over 30 years of experience and results to work for you. 
 



the best oklahoma criminal attorneys deliver results
when charged with a serious crime (drugs, white collar, sex, or violence), you need someone with experience. you need someone who will listen; someone who will tell your story. you need someone who is not afraid to go to trial. you need someone who takes your case personally and treats you individually. our tulsa and oklahoma city criminal defense attorneys may have tried dozens of similar cases, but every case is still different. wyatt law office focuses on finding a unique defense and proven solutions.
our oklahoma criminal defense attorneys understand that you hire us to get results. results are our intention. we deliver with integrity, trust, and just plain hard work. our reputation is built on these trademarks.
 





we devote our full resources and experience to your case in order to reach the best resolution possible.







award-winning oklahoma criminal defense
defense attorneys in oklahoma city & tulsa, oklahoma









bob wyatt is one of oklahoma city’s most respected and experienced criminal defense attorneys. if you’re looking for the best criminal defense lawyer in okc, let mr. wyatt’s prior case history and results speak for themselves. 





bob wyatt – okc criminal defense attorney
there may be a long list of criminal defense lawyers in oklahoma city and tulsa. however, there are few with the level of recognition and award-winning talent as wyatt law office. bob wyatt, okc defense attorney, has been honored by his peers with recognition by super lawyers as one of the top 50 lawyers in oklahoma(2020 & 2019) and by best lawyers in america as “lawyer of the year” in oklahoma city for criminal defense: non-white collar (2020, 2015 & 2013) and criminal defense: white collar (2021, 2017, & 2014).
mr. wyatt has been named to best lawyers® since 2007 and  super lawyers® since 2006 and has been av-rated® for trial skills and ethics by martindale-hubbell law directory® since 1999. the wyatt law office is a tier 1-rated law firm by u.s. news & world report/best lawyers — best law firms®.
on april 20, 2015, bob wyatt was among 43 lawyers and judges recognized with the oklahoma national memorial’s reflections of hope award for their part is seeking justice in the oklahoma bombing twenty years earlier.





bob wyatt bio



send a message



call now















clint james – tulsa criminal defense attorney

mr. james’ practice involves both criminal defense and civil rights. approximately 60% is criminal defense in state and federal courts. he also devotes approximately 20% of his time to criminal record expungement in tulsa and oklahoma city. the rest of his time is focused on civil rights cases representing those damaged by the deprivation of their civil rights.
clint james was named in 2015 and 2017-2021 as a rising star by oklahoma super lawyers. mr. james is humbled by this recognition from his peers and the editors of super lawyers. clint looks forward to helping defend you and your rights.






clint james bio



send a message



call now









our areas of practice in oklahoma
no case too big or too small. our oklahoma criminal defense attorneys generally represent “working” men and women in civil and criminal matters, as well as corporations, big and small. other clients include doctors, lawyers, psychologists, politicians (a sitting governor, state treasurer, state insurance commissioner and others), funeral directors, contractors, engineers, insurance agents and insurance companies, stock brokers, two “big three” auto franchises, five public schools, one university, a newspaper and publishing company and a city.
our cases involve criminal matters, civil matters, regulatory, administrative and professional license issues.  wyatt law has defense attorneys in oklahoma city & tulsa, oklahoma. most of our resources are devoted to the practice of criminal law (approximately 95%).





federal criminal defense
oklahoma drug crime defense
white-collar criminal defense
criminal defense for theft charges
oklahoma expungement & pardon representation



oklahoma dui defense
defense for charges of sex crimes
serious & violent criminal charges
commercial & business litigation
personal injury & wrongful death





wyatt law office locations
the wyatt law office is located in the state’s capital of oklahoma city, which is situated in the middle of the state. wyatt’s office is just two blocks from the federal courthouse and four blocks from the oklahoma county courthouse. our oklahoma criminal defense attorneys are less than 10 minutes from the state’s appellate courts which are housed in the state capitol complex. for federal criminal matters in other states, oklahoma city offers easy connections to most major cities and both coasts from the will rogers world airport. mr. wyatt also has good relationships with lawyers statewide so that we can work in almost any venue in oklahoma.
we now offer two locations for your convenience. whether you need us in the eastern, northern or western districts of oklahoma, we are prepared to represent you. our attorneys routinely appear in the oklahoma city and tulsa metro areas and surrounding counties; however, we have appeared all over the state and in all federal courts in oklahoma.





lawyer of the year awards
oklahoma criminal defense attorney, bob wyatt
best lawyers in america honored bob wyatt with the following awards:

2020, 2015, & 2013 okc criminal defense:  lawyer of the year
2021, 2017, & 2014 as criminal defense: white collar lawyer of the year.

 



payment terms
the wyatt law office now takes most major credit cards: visa, mastercard and american express. we may be able to accommodate other cards on special request.
have you been accused of a serious crime? call wyatt law office in oklahoma city or tulsa for your free consultation with an oklahoma criminal defense attorney.



 








let over 30 years of criminal defense experience work for you. 
call the wyatt law office in oklahoma city or tulsa to discuss your legal need and schedule a free in-office consultation.oklahoma city law office
phone: (405) 234-5500
fax: (405) 232-4556

wyatt law office
okc criminal defense
501 n walker ave #110
oklahoma city, ok 73102tulsa law office

phone: (918) 594-0000
fax: (918) 515-7897

wyatt law office
tulsa criminal defense
2121 s. columbia ave., ste. 405
tulsa, ok 74114practice areasoklahoma criminal defense
federal criminal defense
white-collar criminal defense
sex crimes defense
serious crimes defense
oklahoma expungements
 



home
disclaimer
practice areas
legal research
sitemap
contact
 



© 2013-2023. wyatt law office, oklahoma city & tulsa | design & hosting by nst this web site is not intended to offer legal advice. please read our disclaimer for the terms of use of this site. wyatt law office, tulsa & oklahoma city criminal defense lawyers 





call now buttonfree consultation






















