

  






my freedom quest









































































 

my freedom quest


















home






about






services




intensive outpatient program (iop)




counseling services




court ordered services








blog






testimonials






contact






request an appointment









































about 
							
start recovery today 
							allow us to help you on your recovery journey 
							
request  appointment
phone

(407) 786-1913


myfreedomquestinc@gmail.com



 














check out our new site!



















my freedom quest 











my freedom quest has developed a treatment program that helps individuals with substance abuse and mental health problems stop suffering and successfully re-engage with their families, careers and society.while we are 12 step based, our treatment program is not aa, na or alanon. we know how to treat depression, loneliness, anxiety and the other problems that interfere with recovery mental health. we offer education and real life tools that address career development, family issues, relapse-prevention and stress management. treatment is personalized. our holistic methods include meeting the physical, spiritual, emotional and social needs of the individual.my freedom quest is jcaho accredited with a team that are certified, professional, experienced, and most importantly, have personal experience with substance abuse and mental health. our goal is to help our clients achieve a productive and successful life. we truly care about our clients and are here to help in any way we can.











 

















our services 















intensive outpatient program



counseling services



court ordered services

 
















testimonials 











mark

great place to get help! if you’re struggling with addiction and are serious about getting sober these people can guide you through it. the staff is great, and are very knowledgeable. they helped me out alot


dieter

the best for any addictions.



ann

my husband was addicted to drugs and we were lost. i had no idea of how to help him but everything i tried didn’t work. dr. butkins and the program at my freedom quest helped save my family! but he didn’t just help my husband, he helped me with theburden i was carrying and to better understand addiction. not only is my husband drug and alcohol free today, without the help of other medications, but he has grown as a person, husband and father. please know that there is a way out and dr. butkins helped us find it.


doug e

 this program saved my life. i came to mfq in the midst of my darkest days of addiction and they helped me understand my addiction and gain tools to fight my addiction. i’ve been sober for over a year and have found peace and happiness in my life and i owe that to mfq.










view all



















get in touch 


































































 






















if you or a loved one needs help, now is the time to call. we are here to help (407) 786-1913. 













 
call now















 

 

 













 main office:
2989 west state road 434 suite 100
longwood, fl 32779
email: promiseofhopecounseling@gmail.com
phone: (407) 786-1913






  






copyright © 2025. my freedom quest. all rights reserved. 





















                shopping basket            














































   







































