





craftrugmills.com | the lehigh valley's flooring experts since 1938




















































 


 
craft rug mills®
cleaning and maintenance guide
contact us

search
 















the lehigh valley’s carpet and flooring experts since 1938all at the lowest prices!


craft rug mills® offers the lehigh valley’s largest selection of the best brands of carpet and flooring – all at unbeatable prices. perhaps more important than the products we offer, however, is our commitment to customer service; craft rug mills’ non-commissioned sales staff is trained and certified to help you find the right floor for your individual needs. please browse our site and familiarize yourself with the products and services we offer. click here to see our current sales and promotions. if you have any questions, or are ready to start your next flooring project, please contact us.


contact us


about us
craft rug mills® 901 line street easton, pa 18042610-258-3947610-258-0881800-819-rugs610-258-9404 (fax)hoursmon-sat 9-5 & sun 12-5
products
craft rug mills provides the best solution for all your flooring needs.

carpet


hardwood


laminate


area rugs




why choose craft rug mills?

craft rug mill® offers the lehigh valley’s largest selection of the best brands of flooring at unbeatable prices. however, what make us special is our commitment to customer service. craft rug mills’ staff is non-commissioned, well trained and certified to ensure our customers get the right solution for their flooring needs.




best brands of flooring
–


unbeatable prices
–


non-commissioned staff
–





trained and certified expert installers
–


our customers are satisfied
–


craft rug mills®
–



don’t take our word for it.
see what our customers have to say about us!


“craft rug mills installed carpet in three rooms in our home. the installation came out beautiful and we’re very happy with our carpet and the service we received from craft mills.”




customers


let’s work together!
let us know how we can assist you with your next flooring project!


watch, read, listen




craft rug mills®










join subscribers
stay in the loop with everything you need to know.

sign up







location
901 line street easton, pa 18042



pages
contact uscleaning and maintenance guidecontact uscraft rug mills®



social

facebook
instagram
twitter





© 1999-2020 craft rug mills, inc. all rights reserved. craft rug mills is a registered trademark of craft rug mills, inc.


 







 
interesting links
here are some interesting links for you! enjoy your stay :)

pagescleaning and maintenance guide
contact us
craft rug mills®
categories uncategorized

archive april 2024






facebookcraft rug mills®
cleaning and maintenance guide
contact us

© 1999-2024 craft rug mills, inc. all rights reserved. craft rug mills is a registered trademark of craft rug mills, inc.






scroll to top















