






wvea






west virginia education association - wvea wvea


























































 















skip to content



 

 
join now
members portal
help center
contact us
 


search



















about us
your rights & workplace
action center
news & events
professional resources
 






west virginia education association 

dedicated professionals standing together for public schools
we act for our students. we succeed with each other. wvea members protect educators’ rights and fight for better school funding to ensure all our students receive the high quality public education they deserve. our work makes every member proud to say i am wvea!






 



2025 west virginia legislative session
stay informed!








what we do
meeting members' needs








who we are
qualified, caring, professionals








know the value of belonging






your wvea colleagues are here for you. from professional growth opportunities and support, to amplifying your voice in public policies affecting you and your classroom, to advocating for professional pay and benefits, to providing perks like college debt assistance and exclusive member-only discounts, wvea has your future in mind.

belong to wvea now!








newsworthy






top stories and information about our students, public schools, and the education profession.

read more








graduate courses






wvea members choose from 28 online courses for license renewal, salary advancement, and degree completion. all courses are laptop, tablet, and smart phone compatible and offered at an exclusive low annual fee of $250 for up to 9 credits.

read more








member benefits






wvea provides you with the resources and opportunities you need to succeed. wvea has your future in mind!

read more















1558 quarrier street charleston, wv 25311
(304) 346-5315
help center 
                contact us
© 2024 west virginia education association












































































