



always... to look life in the face... — livejournal
























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































gondor_girl
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














gondor_girl







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement






always... to look life in the face...and to know it... for what it is...previous 10 entriesrecent entriesarchivefriends' entriesprofilememoriesmy icons - join!
 

 



profile


user: gondor_girl
name: daughter of gondor
big black boots, long brown hair, she's so sweet with the get-back stare
 
 
 


2nd-jan-2011 11:51 pm - what i need to do in 2011gondor_girl1. heal my stomach and be able to eat and drink normally again2. lose a lot of weight3. work out a lot4. quit smoking5. make more friends6. get a job7. work on my comics and stories more8. get amazing marks9. choose what to do after getting an ma10. get a boyfriendtags:2011location:riga, latviasoundtrack of my life:boy a

feel?linkshareflag
 

 


4th-apr-2009 05:24 pm(no subject)gondor_girlyesterday's emo/punk themed 30th birthday party for my "brother" (omg, i can't believe he's so old!!!) was awesome. it was weird cause it took place in a rented sauna, which reminded me of middle school and i felt sort of teenagerishy too - drank cider, went in the pool drunk with black make-up dripping from my eyes, walked around wet and in a bikini, made out in a sauna (which was hot in many ways), but went home alone cause i had to work today. and i feel proud that i declined a chance to get shitty half-ass drunk sex and got a good night's sleep.but today i feel like i'm in love - it must be the spring, it's so sunny, i want to wear all colorful clothes, enjoy my 80's chic sunglasses, listen to awesome electronic music and dub step, walk around (i walked home from work today cuz in the morning i was too hung-over to ride my bicycle) and jump. ah... i smell changes in the air.feelin':chippersoundtrack of my life:ladyhawke - better than sunday

feel?linkshareflag
 

 



14th-mar-2009 05:14 pm(no subject)gondor_girland now tell me how can i cut down on my drinking, when my favorite cider is on a huge sale at the shop next to my house?!duh!feelin':confusedsoundtrack of my life:serj tankian - sky is over

feel?linkshareflag
 

 


19th-feb-2009 11:42 pm(no subject)gondor_girlwe know a place where no planes go we know a place where no ships go  (hey!) no cars go (hey!) no cars go where we know  we know a place no space ships go we know a place where no subs gothat's where i want to be. pack up a bag and just leave. this place and this life is sort of getting old. i am starting to get bored again.feelin':crankysoundtrack of my life:curve - horror head

feel?linkshareflag
 

 



4th-jan-2009 09:16 am(no subject)gondor_girli haven't stopped drinking since 30th. but there's nothing too fun in being sober anyway, so...feelin':crankysoundtrack of my life:radiohead - karma police

2 feltfeel?linkshareflag
 

 



30th-mar-2008 09:56 pm(no subject)gondor_girltoday was the first real day of spring for me. sunshine, spring's jacket, skirt and coffee in the park with girlfriends. lovely. and today eliza came back for her extreme trip - in one piece, real and touchable. and i'm going to be a bride's maid!!! i just couldn't be happier!!! the first wedding i'm going to attend as a grown-up and i'm one of the bride's maids... *dances* ok, i know it's girly and gay, but... i can't hide the excitement.and i'm so glad for all these good things happening around me. makes me forget the crap i've gotten myself into. helps me sustain the positivy i'm filled with lately. last 2 months or so, i feel good. i really do. even though i'm fucked. big time. but life is great. it really is.feelin':jubilantsoundtrack of my life:the used - smother me

2 feltfeel?linkshareflag
 

 



16th-jul-2006 12:07 am - i give you my destinygondor_girlsomehow i hate being here so much. i mean, gauja, the wonderful house which is theoretically my family's house. i came here this afternoon and can't wait to leave first thing tomorrow. this place, i guess, is just too full of depressive puberty memories for me to handle. when i come here, i feel like i'm 14 again... that all these years have meant nothing. that i'm still there.i hate it here. i could stay here by day, but the nights are unbearable. will just try to ignore it all, go back to my attic, read cider house rules and try to fall asleep as fast as i can so that i can wake up and go home.location:gaujafeelin':drainedsoundtrack of my life:counting crows - catapult

12 feltfeel?linkshareflag
 

 


14th-jun-2006 02:28 pm - the song of todaygondor_girlthe used -"buried myself alive"you almost always pick the best timesto drop the worst linesyou almost made me cry again this timeanother false alarmred flashing lightswell this time i'm not going to watch myself diei think i made it a game to play your gameand let myself cryi buried myself alive on the insideso i could shut you outand let you go away for a long timei guess it's ok i puked the day awayi guess it's better you trapped yourself in your own wayand if you want me backyou're gonna have to aski think the chain broke awayand i felt it the day that i had my own timei took advantage of myself and felt finebut it was worth the nighti caught an early flight and i made it homei guess it's ok i puked the day awayi guess it's better you trapped yourself in your own wayand if you want me backyou're gonna have to asknicer than thatnicer than thatwith my foot on your necki finally have youright where i want youright where i want youright where i want youright where i want youi guess it's ok i puked the day awayi guess it's better you trapped yourself in your own wayand if you want me backyou're gonna have to asknicer than thatnicer than thatand if you want me backyou're gonna have to asknicer than thatnicernicerfeelin':discontentsoundtrack of my life:the used

3 feltfeel?linkshareflag
 

 



10th-mar-2006 03:55 pm(no subject)gondor_girlmy first one...top commenters on gondor_girl's livejournal(of users in friends list)
1basilika 876
2ilze666 394
3kumagorou_beam 122
4_midknight 110
5wayward_rose 107
6dydrmbeliever 99
7violettadarling 87
8plathapuss 71
9slice_of_life 55
10sheima 46( 11-49collapse )total commenters: 113 (64 not shown)total comments: 5350report generated 2006.03.10. 15:54:56 by scrapdog's lj comment stats wizard 1.7feelin':crazysoundtrack of my life:nin-closer

17 feltfeel?linkshareflag
 

 


7th-mar-2006 05:19 pm - i'm going friends only. finally.gondor_girli'm not an open book. comment if you want to be added and maybe i will.feelin':boredsoundtrack of my life:rem - losing my religion

24 feltfeel?linkshareflag
 

 
previous 10 entriestop of page this page was loaded feb 18th 2025, 12:21 am gmt.  
































