



celebrex controversy







 pfizer: celebrex increases risk of heart problems 
on december 17, 2004, the drug giant pfizer revealed that patients taking
        celebrex in a long-term cancer-prevention trial had more than twice the
        number of fatal or non-fatal heart attacks compared with those taking
        a placebo. another trial showed no increased risk. dr. marie griffin,
        an epidemiologist and drug safety expert at vanderbilt university, said
        the new findings on celebrex is worrisome evidence suggesting that all
        these cox-2 drugs have similar risks.
withdrawl of vioxx reveals long-standing concerns over celebrex,
        bextra and others
the heart-attack findings for celebrex come only 10 weeks after merck
        & co. withdrew its blockbuster arthritis drug vioxx globally after
        a colon cancer trial confirmed long-standing concerns
        the drug is associated with heart attack and stroke. the withdrawl
        of the drug cast a cloud over an entire class of widely used arthritis
        and pain drugs.
studies done in 1999 when celebrex and vioxx were approved suggest the
        same mechanism that inhibits inflammation and makes drugs easier on the
        stomach than traditional painkillers also blocks a substance that prevents
        heart problems, according to dr. garret fitzgerald, the university of
        pennsylvania cardiologist who led the studies, which were designed by
        him but funded by the drug companies.
"i've been concerned all along,"
        he said. "i believe this is a class effect,"
        not just a problem with vioxx, he said. fitgerald and his colleagues
        published two studies in 1999 and another in 2001 suggesting that cox-2
        inhibitors were sparing the stomach at the expense of the heart.
cox-2 inhibitors: vioxx, celebrex, bextra
vioxx (rofecoxib) represents a new generation of arthritis drug known
        as cox-2 inhibitors. celebrex (celecoxib) and bextra (valdecoxib) are
        other cox-2 inhibitors. while all nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs
        (nsaids) inhibit cox-2 (an enzyme linked to pain and inflammation), vioxx,
        celebrex and bextra are called cox-2 inhibitors because they
        don't also inhibit cox-1, thought to keep the stomach lining intact (may
        be kinder to the digestive tract than other nsaids, although the fda has
        not given their makers permission to make that claim).
a 2001 report in the journal of the american
        medical association (jama) linked blood clots, heart attacks and
        strokes to vioxx. the risk of cardiovascular problems, including
        heart attack, stroke, sudden death and blood clots, is believed by researchers
        to be two-to-four times higher in people who used vioxx (rofecoxib group
        of drugs) than in the traditional, arthritis pain treatment nsaids. this
        was concluded by a study that involved 8,000 patients and compared the
        cox-2 inhibitor rofecoxib (vioxx) with the traditional nsaid naproxen.
scientists urge congressional review 
        involving vioxx, celebrex, bextra and others
the jama author more recently chastised the fda for not requiring merck,
        the manufacturer of vioxx, to do studies investigating heart problems
        associated with the drug years ago, and for allowing the company to blitz
        consumers with tv ads touting the drug.
vioxx was the largest prescription drug withdrawl
        in history, "but had the many warning signs along the way been heeded,
        such a debacle could have been prevented," the jama author
        , dr. eric topol, recently wrote. "neither merck nor the fda fulfilled
        its responsibilities to the public...i believe there should be a full
        congressional review of this case." 
merck and fda officials said the mechanism underlying the problem with
        vioxx wasn't known.
but
        fitzgerald and colleagues published two studies in 1999 and another in
        2001 suggesting that by selectively blocking one of the two substances
        called prostaglandins that lead to inflammation, these so-called cox-2
        inhibitors spare the stomach at the expense of the heart.
fitzgerald also challenged pfizer's contention that no science shows
        increased risk from celebrex. the original report from one study involving
        celebrex found no increased risk of heart problems, but it covered only
        six months of a year-long study, according to the cardiologist. a
        look at the full data "reveals signs of increased cardiovascular
        risk," he writes.
the jama authors reported that the cox-2 users
        in both the celebrex and vioxx trials had similar heart attack rates:
        8 out of 1,000 and 7.4 out of 1,000 respectively. in heart disease
        prevention studies, the authors wrote, the annual heart attack rate of
        those on a placebo was only 5 per 1,000. 
references:
        __,"merck withdraws vioxx over health risks," reuters, sep.
        30, 2004.
        __,"scientists urge review of arthritis drugs," associated press,
        oct. 7, 2004. 
        __,"merck withdraws blockbuster arthritis drug vioxx," reuters,
        sep. 30, 2004. 
        rubin, r., "be cautious with celebrex and vioxx," usa today,
        aug. 22, 2001.
        mukherjee, d., nissen, steven, topol, e., "risk of cardiovascular
        events assoicated with selecctive cox-2 inhibitors," jama, 2001;286:954-959.
        __, "pfizer: celebrex increases risk of heart problems," foxnews.com
        with contributions from reuters and associated press, dec. 17, 2004.
        -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        copyright © 2004 research publishing co., llc. all rights reserved. statements and excerpts from research literature are provided
        solely as a forum for commentary and specifically not for health or medical
        advice. if you have or suspect you may have a health problem, you should
        consult your physician. 
click
        here for a proven, non-drug natural alternative... 






