




new york college of podiatric medicine











spry image slideshow - basic : 250 x 200 sidebar slideshow 1


































email


foot center of ny


library services


contact us


touro portal


my.nycpm












welcome

the premier podiatric college
greeting from the president
greeting from the dean
history of the college
board of trustees
executive administrative staff
outcomes
distance education table
nycpm fact sheet
clery disclosures
vision and mission
directions to the college
consumer information
covid-19 faq


prospective students

admission to nycpm
admissions events
nycpm viewbook
faqs
outcomes
distance education table
application
academic departments
college catalog
curriculum
scholarships
financial aid
cost of attendance
housing
directions to the college
podiatry as a profession
pre-health internship
admissions e-newsletter
request information
student mentoring network
consumer information


students

calendars
college catalog
financial aid
graduation handbook
cost of attendance

registrar
student handbook
title ix policies
organizations & clubs
publications
nycpm shop
sap policy
consumer information
security and fire safety report
anonymous feedback


faculty



alumni

registrar
facebook
classifieds
volunteer


news & events

news
events

gme & cme

continuing medical education
graduate medical education 


































                                                    prospective students 





















                                                    outcomes 





                                                    events 





                                                    alumni 





interactive nycpm











statement of accreditation




social media













smile while you shop on amazon!
                                                        please support our work when you buy anything on amazon by typing
                                                        
smile.amazon.com
                                                        and search for the new york college of podiatric medicine as a charity you want to support. amazon will donate 0.5% of the price of your purchase to the new york college of podiatric medicine. this is at no extra cost to you.
                                                        









news



                                                           
                                                        click here for the current footprints newsletter and archives of past issues



                                                               
                                                            
                                                                graduation 2023:
                                                                112 is a charm as class of 2023 graduates with style
                                                            



                                                               
                                                            
                                                                steven levitz, dpm (1951-2023)
                                                            



                                                               
                                                            
                                                                alumni spotlight
                                                                by raymond morales, dpm, aacfas, dabpm
                                                                class of 2018
                                                            



                                                               
                                                            
                                                                class of 2024 shines on poster day
                                                            





click below to donate to the louis l. levine memorial scholarship fund











nycpm consistently delivers superb preclinical training and directly supervised clinical experiences second to none. high board-passage and high residency-placement rates are the result!


accepting applications for spring and fall 2025.


 apply today! 


for more information on how to apply, click here! 

important message for current and prospective students regarding a proposed transaction with touro university.please click here.


nycpm videos




                                                                                                    click here to view more nycpm videos
                                                                                                








 accepting applications for spring and fall 2025. 


  apply now!  






  want to learn more about nycpm, 
 click here to request more information  




have questions about applying to nycpm? 

schedule a virtual advisement!

 
                                                                                                            someone from our admissions office will meet with you to answer any questions you might have. email any documents you have (transcripts, mcat scores, resumes, etc.) to enrollment@nycpm.edu  and  click here to schedule your advisement. 





have any general questions? email enrollment@nycpm.edu 
 and someone from our admissions team will get back to you.





click here to learn about nycpm and the cares act



featured dpm




                                                                                                                        jordan dehaven, dpm ('07)
                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                    i have the honor to introduce to you jordan dehaven, dpm, alumnus of nycpm class of 2007. dr. dehaven is a native of portage, indiana, found on the southern tip of lake michigan. he attended purdue university northcentral campus in westville, indiana, where he was initially an education major. he soon realized that that was not the right career choice for him and switched to a major in biology with a chemistry minor. because of this switch, his graduation date changed to mid-way through the next semester, making him a perfect candidate for the january class at the new york college of podiatric medicine (nycpm); he enrolled right after graduation.
                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                    dr. dehaven was drawn to the field of podiatry after noting the variety of patients that can be seen on a daily basis. he knew he enjoyed working with his hands and surgery was something he was sure he wanted to do. nycpm was the right fit for several reasons. dr. dehaven had always loved new york city, and the schoolï¿½s location provided a chance to get out of the midwest. the podiatry clinic located at nycpm was a deciding factor, as well as the opportunity to start immediately in january as opposed to waiting until the following year to apply.
                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                    life as a podiatry student was enjoyable for dr. dehaven. he appreciated the learning environment, made great friends, and explored new york city. the friends he made as a student are still his great colleagues today and they discuss cases with each other almost daily. as a student, he was a member of the snpma and acfas clubs.
                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                    dr. dehaven attended roger williams medical center in providence, rhode island for his podiatric residency, a program that provided a lot of variety in his training. he wanted to be trained in all aspects of podiatry, from complicated rear foot to the very simple procedures. he feels that he received all of that at roger williams. at that time, fellowship training was still in its infancy, so he went directly into the work force. he would, however, strongly recommend a fellowship, stating that it can be hugely beneficial and that further education is always of value.
                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                    his practice today, located in multiple locations in rhode island, is broad-spectrum and he feels he has the ability to treat anything and everything. he finds his work extremely rewarding and he primarily likes having the ability to alleviate a patientï¿½s pain in one visit. when patients walks into his office with discomfort, he takes pride in having them leave without said pain and with an explanation for it. he noted he canï¿½t see himself doing anything different and that the friendships that heï¿½s made within podiatry have been long-lasting. he is also residency director for the roger williams medical center.
                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                    on a personal note, dr. dehaven enjoys spending time with his wonderful wife, tami and two great boys, adam and myles. they have a cat named lilly. you can find the dehavens vacationing in new hampshire, where the mountains and the surrounding nature are amazing.
                                                                                                                    




                                                                                                                        by megan mitchell, class of 2023
                                                                                                                        student alumni representative
                                                                                                                    


 
























the new york college of podiatric medicine, in compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations, does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, religion, color, national or ethnic origin, age, veteran status, sex, sexual orientation, or disability in its educational policies, admissions policies, employment policies or services to the public.
                    
                    in accordance with these laws, the college also prohibits retaliation against anyone who has complained about discrimination or otherwise exercises rights guaranteed under these laws. the compliance officer for the new york college of podiatric medicine with regard to title ix of the education amendments of 1972 (gender discrimination), title vii (discrimination). section 504 of the rehabilitation act of 1973 (disability), the americans with disabilities act of 1990 (disability), the age discrimination act of 1975 (age) and article 129-a of the nys education law, is chief operating officer and vice president for administration, joel a. sturm. mr. sturms office is located on the second floor of the college. he may be reached by telephone at 212-410-8047.
                    
                    the college compiles annual crime statistics as required under section 20 of the u.s. code section 1092 (f). the advisory committee on campus safety/security will provide upon request all campus crime statistics as reported to the united states department of education.






ⓒ new york college of podiatric medicine • 53 east 124th street new york, ny 10035


accreditation

  •  
privacy









