




home - finkelstein memorial library
































































































skip to content







					call us: (845) 352-5700
				

























homeabout

about us board meetings & library trustees contact how to get a library card job postings library hours library polices

collection management policy

request to re-evaluate library resource 
 ev charging policy room reservation guidelines patron behavior rules 
 loan policy returns drop box & pick ups faq
digital resources

ebooks & streaming media online databases
youth services

¡aprendemos juntos!

información para registrarse 
 parenting resource fair about us

meet the staff sign up for updates 
 monthly calendars

this month 
 kids (birth-gr. 6)

kids programs children’s room launchpads 
 teens (gr. 7-12)

teen programs teen room volunteering 
 what to read next

new kids books new teen books for teens by teens ask a librarian 
 resource guides

dealing with trauma & grief i can make a difference manual mental health resources for teens 
 social media

ys youtube ys tiktok ys instagram teen discord 

adult services

aarp tax aide adult programs citizenship and english classes friends of the library high school diploma insiders club makerspace mental health museum passes notary reserve a meeting room social services youtube channel – adult services
it services

need to print borrow hotspot &/or chromebook computer classes computer policy eye site center
new items

this week only books

nyt bestsellers adult books on order new kids books new teen books new traditional 
 movies music
events

monthly calendar manage my events
social media

facebook instagram youtube channel – youth services youtube channel – adult services
community announcementscatalog

aspen catalog guide for aspen catalog
my account





menu
close

















home
about

about us
board meetings & library trustees
contact
how to get a library card
job postings
library hours
library polices

collection management policy

request to re-evaluate library resource


ev charging policy
room reservation guidelines
patron behavior rules


loan policy
returns drop box & pick ups
faq


digital resources

ebooks & streaming media
online databases


youth services

¡aprendemos juntos!

información
para registrarse


parenting resource fair
about us

meet the staff
sign up for updates


monthly calendars

this month


kids (birth-gr. 6)

kids programs
children’s room
launchpads


teens (gr. 7-12)

teen programs
teen room
volunteering


what to read next

new kids books
new teen books
for teens by teens
ask a librarian


resource guides

dealing with trauma & grief
i can make a difference manual
mental health resources for teens


social media

ys youtube
ys tiktok
ys instagram
teen discord




adult services

aarp tax aide
adult programs
citizenship and english classes
friends of the library
high school diploma
insiders club
makerspace
mental health
museum passes
notary
reserve a meeting room
social services
youtube channel – adult services


it services

need to print
borrow hotspot &/or chromebook
computer classes
computer policy
eye site center


new items

this week only
books

nyt bestsellers
adult books on order
new kids books
new teen books
new traditional


movies
music


events

monthly calendar
manage my events


social media

facebook
instagram
youtube channel – youth services
youtube channel – adult services


community announcements
catalog

aspen catalog
guide for aspen catalog


my account





 








































 
computer classescomputer classes start in feb!click here for more detailsbhm (feb)click here for newest booksaarp tax aide (feb-apr)need tax forms?ask ref desk librarianson the 2nd floor
2025 aarp tax-aide click here for informationys esl grant ¡aprendemos juntos!para registrarseys parenting resource fairparenting resource fairsunday, march 23rd3rd fl fielding rm2 pm - 4 pmclick here for more infoneed teen volunteersteens, want to volunteer?
click here kids prog 2 check out ourkids programs!teen prog 2 check out ourteen programs!programs adultsclick herefor adult programs  



 











  library 



hours 






 
monday - thursday | 9:00 am - 9:00 pm



 
friday | 9:00 am - 6:00 pm



 
saturday i 9:00 am - 1:00 pm



 
sunday i 1:00 pm - 5:00 pm










upcoming changes 



in hours 






 
fri., mar. 7 | open 11:00 am - 6:00 pm










contact 



us 






 
(845) 352-5700



 
front desk / circulation: ext 250



 
adult services: ext 244



 
youth services: ext 237



 
it services: ext 294


















 
my account















 
catalog















 
online databases






























aspen discovery 



catalog 







 
catalog











aspen discoverywe would like to invite you to explore our public catalog system – click here for aspen discovery catalog guide.for assistance with moving any saved lists to the catalog, please ask a librarian at the 2nd fl. reference desk or call x244.for assistance with accessing your account, please go to the 1st fl. circulation desk or call x250. 











window pickup 



appointments 






book an appointment











to better serve you, you can book your appointment online and you can call us to schedule an appointment to pick up your reserved material.your holds must be ready for pick up.you will either be notified by email or phone when your hold is ready or you may check your account online.booking online is for next-day pickup or 4 days after item first becomes available.contact circulation department at (845)352-5700, ext 250, if you need to change your appointment time.  if you want an appointment for the current day (same day pickup) please call. 











returning 



materials 







you may return materials to the circulation window next to the main entrance;  or in an open book drop.all items (except museum passes, mobile hotspots, chromebooks & launchpads)  can be returned to any of the drop box locations any day of the week 24/7. an item should be returned by 12 midnight on the day it is due in order to be considered on time.mobile hotspots and chromebooks are to be returned at the third floor it desk.  museum passes are to be returned to the second floor adult services desk. launchpads are to be returned to the circulation desk on the first floor. all other materials can be returned to the circulation desk, window, or a book drop.book drops are located at:right of the main entrancechestnut street by the parking lot of the entrancesouth madison at the back of the libraryremotely located  at:wesley hills town hall eugene levy memorial parkhillcrest shopping plazaall book drops are open daily, 24/7 (see exception dates below)the book drops will be closed when the library is closed.do not leave any library materials outside the drop boxes.if the box is full, please hold on to your item and return another day or bring the item to another location to return. any material that is stolen or damaged by the elements because they were left outside a drop box will be charged to the borrowing patron.**museum passes, mobile hotspots, chromebooks & launchpads cannot be returned in a book drop. if these items are returned there, a $25 fee will be fined. 











view our  



programs 










 




							adult programs						














 




							teen programs						














 




							children programs						















view our 



booklists 










 




							adult books on order						














 




							nyt bestsellers						














 




							traditional list						














 




							teens list						














 




							kids list						















digital library 








 
rcls gatewayintroducing the rcls go appaccess your rcls library account from your android, or apple devices. new rcls app is available for free at the apple and google play stores. 
access  herecreativebugcreativebug1,000's of free online videos, arts & crafts workshops and techniques. all classes are  taught by experts and free classes are added daily.  learn how to paint, knit, sew, bake, & more. all you need is your finkelstein library card to get started.
access herecomics pluscomics plus unlimited access to thousands of digital comics, graphic novels, and manga from more than 100 publishers. all available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
new applicants should enter "ramapo catskill" as library name.
access herelibbylibbyis a simplified app from overdrive where you can borrow e-books, digital audiobooks & magazines from your public library
access herehooplahooplahoopla is a digital media service offered by your local public library that allows you to borrow movies, music, audiobooks, ebooks, comics and tv shows to enjoy on your computer, tablet, or phone – and even your tv! with no waiting, titles can be streamed immediately, or downloaded to your devices.
access herefreadingfreadingfreading is an ebook service from library ideas and has over 8,000 titles with more being added each day. freading ebooks are available with simultaneous access so there are no holds needed—an unlimited number of library customers may download a freading ebook title at the same time.
access herekanopykanopykanopy is an on-demand streaming video platform for public libraries and universities that offers films and documentaries. kanopy’s subdivision, kanopy kids, includes children’s programming; all kanopy member accounts have access to kanopy kids
access here 



 









 





subscribe to our newsletter 



									sign up to receive monthly library updates and emergency closure emails straight to your inbox.
 










click here















follow us on 



social media 










 




							facebook						














 




							instagram						














 




							youtube						





















about us the finkelstein memorial library is located in spring valley, ny serving patrons over 100 years since 1917.
learn more about us or get in touch!
about uscontact us
 

resourcesrcls emailfinkelstein emailmy library card accountview catalogonline databases 

contact infoget in touch with usaddress:24 chestnut street,  spring valley, ny 10977phone:(845) 352-5700email:fmlref@rcls.orgopens in your application 

follow us

 
 







































