



learn to draw.com, learn how to draw online for free!





















learn about how to draw online for free! drawings can be learned about here for free!


























start 
														learning here!


 




 






































 











 





















































 

												 
 


 










																do you want to learn how to draw? now you can online - for 
																
free! learn how to draw like an artist - from a professional artist. begin by learning the 
																
fundamentals of drawing 
																like 

																shading with easy to follow interactive instruction. learn how to 
																
draw 
																people, 
																both their 

																faces 
																and 

																bodies. take drawing people further and learn how to draw a 
																
caricature 
																of that person!









 


 


































 











learn the 

basics of drawing 
						online for free! learn at your own pace, learn 
						the 
						basics of drawing whenever you want to learn. the 
						lessons are presented clearly in a step-by-step manner 
						by a professional artist and illustrator.

						learn about the 

basic concepts of drawing. 
						topics include a new way of thinking about drawing, and 
						how we drew as children. the learning begins by 
						outlining some basic concepts of drawing such as line, 
						shape, proportion, perspective, seeing and drawing light 
						and shadow. 
shading 
						is covered in depth in it's own section.



 










































 











after you have mastered the 
						basic concepts of drawing and you no longer think to 
						yourself "i can't draw", move on to something that many 
						people find very difficult - 
						

						drawing a human face. also called drawing a
						

portrait. but now that you understand how 
						to draw, drawing faces isn't so difficult any more.

						the lessons are step-by-step and basic art terms and 
						concepts are defined as you move along in the lessons. 
						topics in the 
						

						drawing portraits portion include addressing the 
						common errors in drawing faces, how to draw a profile 
						of a person, drawing each element of the human face, and 
						basic proportions that are most common in the human face 
						- plus many more topics are addressed in this section.



 










































 











you can draw faces now after 
						looking at the drawing portraits section, so lets 
						continue down past the head and draw the rest of the 
						body! artists call drawing the human body 

figure drawing,
						because you're drawing the human body, or 
						figure. in the 

figure drawing 
						section we'll look into the proportions of the human 
						body, and how to draw a three dimensional human body in 
						two dimensions on your sheet of drawing paper.
						

						how big should the head be in relation to the 
						rest of the body? where exactly is the elbow supposed to 
						be on the arm? i can't draw
						

						hands! well, you'll learn how to draw hands - 
						and
						

						feet too! we'll take drawing the body from 
						the beginning, we'll start simple, then work our way 
						into the more detailed aspects of drawing the human 
						body.



 










































 











drawing people is fun, and now 
						you can learn for free how to draw a person in a cute, 
						fun, comical way. drawing a funny face of a real person 
						is called a 

caricature. as in any form of art, there are 
						many varying styles of drawing caricatures, here you 
						will be introduced to a professional artist's own style 
						in drawing a 

caricature.

						topics addressed in this section of the website include 
						what a 

caricature is and what a caricature is not. also 
						covered is the art of exaggeration and when to use it 
						when drawing a 

caricature. you'll learn how and why to 
						exaggerate the features of a face and different ways to 
						do it.



 

































 




improve your drawing skills at your leisure and when you 
		have the time! there's no need to take expensive art classes if you want 
		to learn the basics of how to draw, or how to draw people, caricatures, 
		or just want to know how an artist thinks.
































learn to draw
										the human body!












don't draw like a child 
										anymore! learn how to draw what you see!












you can learn to 
										caricature celebrities!




















 


 

						 
 


 

 


 



|  copyright © 2002-2015 learn-to-draw.com 
		all rights reserved  |  website disclaimer  | 
		  
		to learn-to-draw.com  |


| 
		about the artist  
		|  help  
		|  links  
		| 
		cartoons-caricatures.com  
		|



 

















 




























 






 




 



