



	ctreia










































extended menu
homeeventscalendar of eventsmembershipsjoinjoin email listterms & conditionscoachingmy accountmy dashboardmembership cardmy websiteedit websitemy propertiesbuyer leadsseller leadsspecial report leadsproperties rss feedfaq (website)my downloadsmembers directoryhow to videospremium featuresrepair estimatestraining videosseller net sheetco-marketingmore infomy profileedit profileevents attendedaccount historysign inproperty listproperty list (all)property list (single family)property list (multi family)aboutour missionexecutive teamblogtoolsreal estate articlesreal estate glossaryaudio archivescalculatorstenant screeningsponsorsstoremember benefits view cartsign in





 2/17/2025: tonight! main monthly meeting. free gue...



register


sign in


my dashboard


contact us











homeeventscalendar of eventsmembershipsjoinjoin email listterms & conditionscoachingmy accountmy dashboardmembership cardmy websiteedit websitemy propertiesbuyer leadsseller leadsspecial report leadsproperties rss feedfaq (website)my downloadsmembers directoryhow to videospremium featuresrepair estimatestraining videosseller net sheetco-marketingmore infomy profileedit profileevents attendedaccount historysign inproperty listproperty list (all)property list (single family)property list (multi family)aboutour missionexecutive teamblogtoolsreal estate articlesreal estate glossaryaudio archivescalculatorstenant screeningsponsorsstoremember benefits view cart view morecontact us







ctreia menu
                        















did you know?our next monthly meeting is  february 17, live in rocky hill?




join  
if you dream of finding a better quality of life through real estate investing, right here in connecticut, then perhaps you're one of us.
 join us at our monthly meetings





 





february monthly meeting
                                            
lewis brown
affordable/attainable housing development
guests are free this month!!register now!
  members & guests welcome




ctreia monthly meeting live!
ctreia central ctfebruary 17, 20255:45 pm – 9:00 pm
sheraton hartford south100 capital blvd. rocky hill
register here for the ctreia central ct monthly meeting
join us at our next event and learn how togain financial freedom through real estate investing. 





 








interested in jumpstarting your real estate career?
apply to join
the all newctreia coaching program
apply today







 



we help make dreams come true…

as the largest real estate investors association in the northeast (top 5 in america!), ctreia is dedicated to helping our community achieve their dreams through real estate investing, right here in connecticut.


membership
membership in ctreia means more than just access to a world-class education on becoming a real estate investor, it means networking with some of the heavy hitters in all aspects of investing in connecticut real estate- whether you’re just starting out or you’ve been around a while come check us out. if you are looking for a supportive and fun environment while learning how to change your life thru investing in real estate then perhaps you’re one of us.  our low monthly membership is only $15 per month with no contracts…ready to join us?
learn more 

meetings
quite simply: our monthly meetings are the stuff of legend.  on the 3rd monday of every month we gather with a couple hundred of our closest friends and strategize, network and learn about all things real estate in connecticut.  we even fly in a national expert to discuss various products and strategies…and we have fun doing it.  our monthly meetings are free for members.  bring a pen and pad and get ready to learn and network with the most accomplished real estate investors in connecticut.
learn more 

coaching
our coaching program has been minting millionaires for over a decade - you’ve even seen them on national tv!  our 9-week program is designed to equip you with all the skills you need to forge a new career as a real estate investor.  whether you want to wholesale. flip or become a landlord we have the team and pedigree to change lives. if you're happy working 9 to 5 at a job you hate for no money then your not for us.  harsh yes, but true. however: if you are looking for something better for you and your family then contact us for a one on one interview to see if you have what it takes to join us.  your move.
learn more 








become a ctreia member
join today!






real estate tips, strategies, & connecticut trends




the skinny on the short sale
how to get your lender to agree to a short sale with all that said, short sale transactions are completed
read more



how to sell your house fast when foreclosure looms
when foreclosure looms, many homeowners try to sell their homes. for them, the goal is not just to get the
read more



how to deal with your lender when facing foreclosure
tips to stack the decks in your favor why would an impersonal institution — a mortgage bank — want to
read more








changing lives for over 15 years
attend our next meeting





1000+
ctreia members



15k
investors





12 week
coaching program



 






see what people are saying about us










eric munsonrocky hill, ct


i want to take a moment to thank you for your guidance throughout the ctreia coaching program. the name for the program is perfect because it truly speeds up the learning process and allows you to take action with the confidence of having a very experienced team behind you.
the marketing and creative financing techniques that i learned from you put the pieces of the puzzle together for me and made me a much better and creative negotiator. thank you!







laura abbotswhite plains, ny



i have spent a lot of money over the last several years on various real estate education programs. while i feel there is no bad real estate education, some programs are far superior to others.
ctreia's coaching program is by the far best money i ever invested in my real estate education.








patrick bourne
manchester, ct


i would love to download your real estate knowledge. thank you for taking the time to look at the properties i am flipping. your advice saved me money, made the rehab easier and allowed me to take a logical approach for this type of property.
the ctreia team is certainly a dynamic one that delivers on its promise. more important than your tremendous real estate knowledge is your honesty and integrity. thank you again for putting me on the path to freedom. it's up to me to complete the journey even with my challenging schedule.







g. geremianew haven, ct


i have gained a great deal of knowledge and guidance as a result of consulting with my coach. my coach's real estate knowledge and business background has been a tremendous help to me.
the coaches have helped me every step of the way with my real estate investing. i feel more confident as a result of having them help me with acquiring properties.







frank necatera
stratford, ct


having mark as my wholesaling coach is one of the best things i have done for my real estate investing. he showed me the importance of treating investing as a business and how important knowing the numbers is. this coaching is the best value out there, in my opinion.







l.c.
danbury, ct


far surpasses what i learned in other programs. i am about to buy a 3-family which will cash flow $500.00 per month-with no money down and not using my credit! plus, i am working on purchasing 3 buildings using the techniques that i have learned in this coaching program. the information that i have learned in the ctreia fast track team coaching program has far surpassed what i’ve learned in other programs that i have spent a lot more money on.










ctreia in the media








this website uses cookies

                                this website uses cookies to improve user experience. by using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.
                                




ok, i got it!

view cookies and privacy policy








contact us

ct real estate investors association

415 silas deane highway, suite 304a
wethersfield,
                                  ct
06109
(860) 265-4414




proud member of national reia



follow us





privacy
                            and 
                              security
                            policies
                        

                            your email will never be shared or sold to other members, vendors or any other third party without your consent.


disclaimer

www.ctreia.com
                             (ct real estate investors association) does not give legal, tax, economic, 
                              or investment advice.
                              ctreia
                            disclaims all liability for the action or inaction taken or not taken as a result of 
                              communications from or to its members, officers, directors, employees and contractors. 
                              each person should consult their own counsel, accountant and other advisors as to legal, 
                              tax, economic, investment, and related matters concerning real estate and other investments.
                                





                                copyright 2025 ©
                                  ct real estate investors association
                                 all rights reserved.
                            



                                this
                                reia
                                website is powered by:
                                  real estate promo.
                            

























