





ccc chicago moving resources & movers guides | move from nyc to il























































skip to content


home
about ccchronicle
the alumni
message us
 
















home
about ccchronicle
the alumni
message us
 





search for:


x






















 



resources for learning about careers in seo and computer programming 

28/10/201730/12/2021seo and programming coursescoding skills, computer, courses, digital, programming, resources, seo 

technology is gaining an even bigger part of our lives, and the demand for seo and computer programming skills is increasing. the ability to call up information within seconds on these technology devices using search engine optimization (seo) is where the future is headed. one of the best things you read more








 



manhattan ny movers on how to pack for college move in day 

12/09/201715/07/2018college move incollege move in, tips on packing 

the days are getting cooler, and you are a few weeks away from moving into your college dorm. for many young adults, college is a highly anticipated milestone. you will make new friends, and you will learn many new things. this is probably the first time you have lived away from your family, and you might be nervous. to make the transition to college life easier, you can start planning your move to your new home.

what to pack
you should always pack essential items. your essential items are things that you use every day. do not pack too many bulky items. you can purchase bulky items when you arrive at your destination. you will need a few pairs of shoes and a few jackets. if you are starting school in the winter, pack a few sweaters. leaving home is difficult for most college students, and you may want to take everything that can fit in a box. your dorm room may already have basic furniture. you will need two weeks worth of toiletries, laundry essentials, and kitchen utensils.
shop online for home decor items
if your school does not allow cars, you may need to shop at online retailers. you can buy your blankets, dishes, and textbooks from an online store. if your college is in a major city like chicago or manhattan, you may be able to order groceries and toiletries from an online retailer.
how to pack
pack your photos, movies, and electronics in separate boxes. cheap movers nyc recommends packing fragile items carefully, ensuring you use plenty of packing paper and bubble wrap. moving day can be very hectic, so you should keep your jewelry, cash, and prescriptions with you. if your dorm does not have a bureau, you should pack your clothing in storage bins. plastic bins can keep your room clutter-free.
how to organize your dorm room
most college dorms are small, so you have to get creative with your storage space. the furniture is for students so that you can choose the organizational style. to make the room look more spacious, you can push the desks against the walls. store your items vertically instead of horizontally. if you have a roommate, you should keep your items on your side of the room.
your first day on campus will be exciting, but it can be very hectic. arrive on campus early in the day, and you will avoid the large crowds of students and families. when you are settled, you can get to know your roommate and enjoy the rest of the day. if you are attending college far away from your parent’s home, you might get a little homesick. pack a few keepsakes. your treasured items will make your dorm room cozier.









 



student mover on what to know before moving to chicago for college 

22/12/201615/07/2018south loopchicago, college, expensive, moving, rent, things to know 

starting college marks an important milestone and a fresh start in life on your road to adulthood. as the third largest city in the country, the city of chicago is a high-energy city with a thriving art scene, cultural diversity, incredible food, and a bustling economy. while moving here will undoubtedly be a great experience, there are a few things you should know first. before you pack up and leave the parental units behind, here are some chicago moving pointers courtesy of cheap chicago movers (www.cheapchicagomovers.net). whether you decide to live in a dorm or an apartment, these guys can help you get all moved in before classes start.
housing is expensive
college dorms present easy access to classes, offer affordable living, and provide ample opportunities to socialize while you acclimate yourself to a new city. so if you’re considering the less affordable option of moving into an apartment, make friends fast because you’re going to need a roommate. chicago remains on the top 10 list of expensive rental markets in the country, with the average apartment rent coming in at $1,958. each of the 77 neighborhoods presents their own charm and heritage, but consider living just outside of south loop to cut your expenses. one mile and one train stop could save you hundreds of dollars per month.
you won’t need a car
chicago transit authority services the entire city of chicago and its 40 neighboring communities and airports via bus and rail, making it one of the easiest cities in the country to get around. a single ride of the “el” – aptly named for its elevated segments built in the 1880’s – will cost you $3, but a monthly pass will cost you just $100. this means that the more you ride, the more you save! as an added bonus, taxis and ubers are aplenty, so you won’t need to be a hermit to explore the city of big shoulders.
you can eat and drink out 21 hours a day
skip the college cafeterias and sample the local dive bars, trendy eateries, and ethnic take-outs offered in this late-night foodie city. try the popular joint el burrito mexican after a game at wrigley field where a burrito as big as your head will cost you about $5, or weiner’s circle on clark st. in lincoln park. many bars are open until 4:00 a.m. and liquor establishments open at 7:00 a.m. six days a week, which means you can eat and drink out 21 hours a day (once you turn 21 of course)!
you’re going to need a winter coat
the daily average high temperature in january is 31 degrees fahrenheit, and this city definitely lives up to the moniker “the windy city”. wind chills can drop down to negative temperatures as early as december, so skip the fashionable pea coat and invest in a good down winter coat.
it’s great for dating
when it comes to affordable date nights, chicago delivers. cultural institutions like the art institute, field museum, and museum of science and industry are all free for chicago residents when you pick up a museum passport at your local library. and with more than 500 storefront theater companies chicago, including famed late night sketch comedy venue second city which helped launch the careers of entertainers like bill murray, john candy, tina fey, and stephen colbert, chicago is also considered the theater capital of america. in the summer, you can hop on the metra train northbound and check out the chicago north shore’s world-class music festival, ravinia festival.
 








 



settling in: exploring our south loop neighborhood 

17/12/201604/12/2017south loopchicago tips, south loop attractions, south loop neighborhood 

whether you’re a new student at columbia college chicago or an alumni who has been away for awhile, we’ve written a guide to south loop just for you. columbia college chicago moved to its current address at 600 michigan avenue back in 1975, and we’ve loved living in the heart read more








 



5 of the coolest degree programs offered by columbia college 

13/12/201613/09/2017academicsbest, columbia college, degree programs, majors, undergraduate studies 

columbia college offers students a lively, engaging campus atmosphere and a great location near the shore of lake michigan in chicago, but that’s not all. this unique university also offers undergraduates several interesting, modern degree options that can lead to awesome jobs. could one of these unique degree programs be read more












4 notable columbia college alumni 

23/11/201618/11/2016historyalumni, notable 

columbia college chicago is known as one of the premier liberal arts colleges in the u.s., and is especially esteemed for its media and fine arts programs. it’s no wonder then, that there are several notable alumni who have made a name for themselves in television and film. josefina lopez read more








 



from oratory to online media: the evolution of columbia college chicago 

18/11/2016historychicago, columbia college, history, oratory 

since its founding in 1890, the columbia college chicago has always been interested in helping young people express themselves. today, this fine liberal arts college has many programs for students interested in the performing arts, media studies, writing, and even entrepreneurship. however, this college didn’t start out that way. in read more







quick search


search for:


x




recent posts


resources for learning about careers in seo and computer programming


manhattan ny movers on how to pack for college move in day


student mover on what to know before moving to chicago for college


settling in: exploring our south loop neighborhood


5 of the coolest degree programs offered by columbia college


apply today! 
study now! 
subscribe to our newsletter 



name:e-mail:subscribereset 
follow us 











 






 




						
						copyright © 2025. ccchronicle.

					

privacy terms
























