



	barefooting & waterski equipment | barefootcentral.com























shopping cart: 
      0
      items (
      $0.00
      )



 
















home 
login 
view cart 
become a member 
contact us 
bfc videos 









































accessoriesapparelbarefoot boomsbarefoot shortsbarefoot suitsbarefoot training aidsboats 4-saleboom accessoriescold water geardeals!drysuit accessoriesdrysuitsextended pylonsfat sacsflomo vestsgear & ski bagsgift certificategloveshandleshelmetsjewelryneckbracespre-owned equipmentropesshoe skisski & wake vestsstickerstower accessoriestowersvideoswetsuits






annoucement:  checkout the new coolers!!!!!!!...................................................checkout the new coolers!!!!!!.........








 eagle army camo barefoot suit - xl only - on sale

your price: $500.00
















 eagle super sport barefoot suit - mtall only - on sale

your price: $400.00
















 h2o extreme dvd - great stocking stuffer

your price: $5.00


quantity:  

 











barefoot central 12-can soft cooler

your price: starting at $80.00







			this is the perfect cooler for many activities including boating, atv/utv, golf or taking your own drinks to a party.  it's very rugged and will last for years. 

fda food-grade antimicrobial tpu coated nylon liner-consumer safe for perishable storage.
		  










bfc extreme barefoot trainers (for men & women)

your price: $135.00
















eagle 1 wake & ski vest - 4xl only

your price: $50.00
















extreme footer neckbrace

your price: $100.00













barefooting with the best
barefootcentral.com is the 
on-line magazine and pro-shop for the sport of barefoot waterskiing. articles, 
product reviews, coaching tips, contests, and more.  barefoot waterskiing 
is the most extreme version of watersports. it is truly seizing the moment 
and getting a thrill like you have never known before. skiers from around the 
world come here to share ideas, and watch amazing videos produced by the best 
athletes in the sport.  this is where the freestyle barefooting movement 
began.  if a new move is invented, you'll find a video of it here first.
our website also offers people one place where they can go to get all of their barefooting 
& traditional waterskiing supplies including training aids for beginners, shoe skis, barefoot booms, 
towers, wetsuits, life vests, heater shirts, board shorts, ropes, handles, and gloves.  if you are new to the sport, these items will make it possible for you to start learning the art of waterskiing without skis! 
we offer a full line of products by eagle sports, barefoot international, 
masterline, barefoot company, acme propellers, skylon, and more.





		 































home | login | view cart | become a member | contact us | size chart | warranty & returns | privacy policy | bfc videos 
copyright © barefootcentral.com, all rights reserved.
    all trademarks and brands are property of their respective owners. 







