









home | student pugwash usa



























skip to main content










student pugwash usa

home of student pugwash and the rotblat society





who we arestudent pugwash
the rotblat society
the pugwash movementthe russell–einstein manifesto

history
leadership

how we workthe pugwash approach

participate
organize
lead

online community
chapters
programs and events
affiliates
virtual chapters
cosponsorship

things we're doingnews and updates
the pugwash pledgepugwash pledge sample text
pugwash pledge study resources

youth doomsday clock

join or donatestudent pugwash
rotblat society
donate

 














 












social responsibility in science and technology: participate. organize. lead.

our mission:
empower and equip students and young professionals
to identify, critically analyze, and shapethe ethical, policy, and societal dimensions
 of science and technology.
since 1979, student pugwash usa has promoted discussion, education, and activism on ethical issues in science and technology. we don't tell students what to think or what's ethical; we provide the framework such that making ethical choices, as each student decides what those are, is part and parcel of the work they do as students and later as professionals.
forty years later, we launched the rotblat society, our program to bring this same perspective to the general public, open up our programs to a wider range of people, and provide a place for our alumni to continue their work. rotblat membership is open to anyone who supports our mission or who wants to benefit from our programs and network.
both student pugwash and the rotblat society share the same goals:
open discussion of serious ethical issues in stem and international security facing us today and tomorrow, leading to deeper understanding of multiple points of view, but always with the best available science and evidence as a guide.
commitment to working against threats to humanity and civilization from weapons of mass destruction, climate change, international conflict, or other disasters.
fearless advocacy of the scientific method and evidence-based decision processes at all levels of private, public, and personal sectors.
education ranging from beginner to advanced for all who are interested, in engaging venues and formats.
empowering our members, especially students and young people, with leadership training and a powerful role to play in our organizational development and operations.
we're student pugwash and the rotblat society. find out more, or join us.
 
 
 





institutional partners




 




take action

become a member
join our email list
member login
 


news and updates



  
 pugwash statement on the war in ukraine 
 02/28/2022 - 2:51pm 

 ukraine and the future of arms control:  a talk with michael krepon 
 02/26/2022 - 4:51pm 

 student/young pugwash uk technology & peace virtual conference 
 02/09/2022 - 1:34pm 

 reflections on the 2022 doomsday clock: it is 100 seconds to midnight 
 02/01/2022 - 6:12pm 

 reducing the threat of nuclear war: rebuilding a broader movement 
 01/23/2022 - 12:00am 
 
pages123next ›last »
 










contact us

712 h st. ne
suite 93149
washington, dc 20002 usa
(202) 417-6450
contact@studentpugwash.org
student pugwash usa is a 501(c)3 organization registered in washington, dc, usa.
© 2022 student pugwash usa. explicitly named authors of contributed portions of the site retain copyright to their work. all rights reserved.







privacy notice and help

this site uses cookies to make it work better, including using google analytics so we can see how people are using it in aggregate. the only things watching you are the automated hamsters that power the site. we're an ethics organization—we're not going to do unethical things with your data. 
if you have questions about our organization, policies, or programs, drop a line to contact@studentpugwash.org.
if you find an issue with the website or need help navigating it, get in touch with webadmin@studentpugwash.org.










