

























2025 ieee infocom | ieee international conference on computer communications | 19–22 may 2025 // london, united kingdom





















skip to main content








ieee.org
ieee xplore digital library
ieee standards
ieee spectrum online
more ieee sites












ieee international conference on computer communications
19–22 may 2025 // london, united kingdom













toggle navigation







home
about contact us

awards
authors call for papers [main conference]
call for papers [workshops]
paper submission instructions [main conference]
final paper submission instructions [main conference]
final paper submission instructions [workshops]
presentation and video instructions [main conference]
call for demos and posters
call for workshop proposals
student travel grant
childcare grant

committee steering committee
organizing committee
tpc chairs and area chairs
technical program committee

program accepted paper list [main conference]
workshops

hotel / travel visa letter request

registration registration fees
important information for authors
event conduct

sponsor how to become a sponsor

tpc meeting






 search
 












 







 

 

 

 

 









the 1st annual ieee communications society demonstration conference




 



news and announcements



 information for conference hotel is posted 
 the information for conference hotel is posted. details can be found here.
  

 information for childcare grant is posted 
 the information for childcare grant is posted. details can be found here.
  

 information for student travel grants is posted 
 the information for student travel grants is posted. details can be found here.
  

 registration information is posted 
 the registration information is posted. details can be found here.
  

 instructions for the final version are posted 
 the instructions for the final version of accepted papers are posted. details can be found here. final version deadline: friday, january 10, 2025 (11:59 pm us est)
  

 the list of accepted papers is posted 
 the list of accepted papers is posted. details can be found here.
  

 call for nominations for infocom achievement award is posted 
 call for nominations for infocom achievement award is posted. details can be found here.
  

 call for demos and posters is posted 
 call for demos and posters is posted. details can be found here.
  

 call for workshop proposals is posted 
 call for workshop proposals is posted. details can be found here.
  

 the logistics of the tpc meeting are posted 
 the information regarding the logistics of the tpc meeting (november 23, 2024) is posted. details can be found here.
  








important dates
abstract due:
wednesday, 24 july 2024 (11:59pm pdt)
full paper due:
wednesday, 31 july 2024 (11:59pm pdt)
notification of acceptance:
friday, 6 december 2024


 




patrons


 




student travel grant sponsors




 



 



 











© copyright 2025 ieee – all rights reserved. use of this website signifies your agreement to the ieee terms & conditions. a public charity, ieee is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.


home
sitemap
contact & support
accessibility
nondiscrimination policy
privacy & opting out of cookies













