

types of dogs and dog breeds ***
types of dogstypes of dogs: facts and info about different types of dogs and breeds containing articles about all types of dog breeds, big or small types, personality traits and what purposes the dog have been used for. it has been estimated that there are 500 million domestic canines worldwide, and that all of the different types have descended from the gray wolf. the dog was domesticated approximately 30,000 years ago but men eventually began to develop and breed different types of dogs for specific duties such as hunting, herding and fighting.in the 1990's new types of dog, the "designer dog" were added to the number of different types of dogs and many of these have been included on our site. the articles on all the many dog breeds and types of dogs also include facts and info about the type of group each dog belongs to such the working dog, terriers, the herding dog group, the toy dog group and the sporting dog group.

types of dogs - small dog breeds: if you are searching for a cute pet that is suitable for a city lifestyle and would be content living in an apartment then refer to the names of the different dogs in the small dog breeds section. small dog breeds, such as the chihuahua the yorkshire terrier and the dachshund are popular for families with kids who love little animals with cute expressions and fluffy coats.types of dogs - dog breed list: we start with different types of dogs on our complete a-z dog breed list that provides an overview of all of the names of the numerous dog breeds that we have featured. the a-z dog breeds list provides names and a short description that indicates the size of each dog featured and a guide to the characteristics and personality traits of all the different types of dogs, the type of group the dog belongs to and the type of use of each dog by man. the a-z dog breeds list also provides a link to facts and info about the dog breeds, all of which are accompanied by delightful, unique pictures of all the different types of dogs. if you prefer direct access to different types of dogs beginning with specific letters click here for names on a dog breed lists beginning with: abcdefghijklmnoprstuvwxyz

types of dogs - big dog breeds: the big dog breeds are often used as a watch dog, guard dog or as family pets. despite their somewhat intimidating appearance of a big dog, many of these types of large animals, such as the australian shepherd dog, great dane, the alaskan malamute make good family pets because of their easy going, faithful and amiable personality traits and temperaments. types of dogs - medium sized dog breeds: the medium sized dog breeds breeds, such as the border collie the weimaraner, and the golden retriever,  are extremely popular because they are not too big and not too small! the extensive list of popular medium sized canines offer a great choice of different types of dogs to new owners. types of dogs - best family dog breeds: the different types of breeds in the category of best family dogs must be friendly with kids, non aggressive and suited to a lively a family environment just like the labrador retriever and the maltese.types of dogs - cute dog breeds: there are many different types of lovable and adorable dogs that fall into the breeds of cute dogs. the common characteristics of cute dogs, such as the pomeranian the pug and the shih tzu are their appealing, vulnerable, harmless and needy looks with their large eyes and a soft, fluffy or silky coats. types of dogs - best guard dog breeds: the different types of dogs and breeds in our list of best guard dogs also have a loud bark and will frighten and attack intruders. most of the best guard dog types, such as the bullmastiff, the rottweiler, the russian bear dog and the cane corso,  descend from the great mastiff breeds that were originally bred as fighters.types of dogs - spaniel breeds: a list of different types of spaniel breeds together with the origin and history of spaniels like the cavalier king charles spaniel and how these dogs were used for hunting.types of dogs - fighting dog breeds: a list of different types of fighting dog breeds, such as the bulldog, together with their origin and history and how these dogs were used for fighting can be found in the article on dog fighting.types of dogs - mastiff breeds: many countries developed their own mastiff breeds that included the mighty tibetan mastiff, the english mastiff and the neapolitan mastiff.types of dogs - the coonhound: the coonhound breeds were developed by colonists and settlers who emigrated from europe to build a new home in america. they found a completely different way of life that included strange animals such as the racoon. the treeing coonhounds were developed to hunt  the racoon and included the redbone coonhound and the plott hound.types of dogs - the bird dog (gun dog): find a comprehensive list of bird dog (gun dog) breeds that made the transition to work as a bird dog following the invention of firearms, such as the brittany spaniel to hunt for waterfowl and game birds.

types of dogs - watch dog breeds: the different types of dogs referred to as watch dogs come in all shapes and sizes, the one thing that each watch dog has in common is the ability to bark loudly. the job of the watch dog, such as the such as the siberian husky, the bernese mountain dog, the caucasian shepherd dog and the beagle, is to raise the alarm of intruders or vandals by barking loudly enough to attract the attention of the owner. watch dogs have the ability to distinguish a real threat as opposed to a non-threatening incident.types of dogs - list of herding dog breeds: the alert, active, intelligent types of dogs known as herding dogs, aka pastoral breeds and working dogs, have  been bred for strength and stamina and trained to herd and protect farm animals. the different types of herding dogs are trained to react to their owners with short commands or to the sound of a whistle. there are many different types of dogs in this group such as the great pyrenees, collie, the belgian malinois and the different types of welsh corgis.types of dogs - sporting dogs: find a comprehensive list of pointers, setters, retrievers, and spaniels that are defined as sporting dogs.types of dogs - working dogs: find a comprehensive list of the diverse list of breeds that are defined as working dogs.types of dogs - designer dogs: search for the names of designer dogs, such as the labradoodle, the goldendoodle, the cavapoo and the maltipoo, that were developed in the 1990's and are increasing in popularity.types of dogs - dog grooming: do you know which breeds have high, low or moderate grooming needs? our dog grooming article provides exactly this type of information, together with a brief description of the types of coat of each breed. types of dogs - list of most popular dog breeds: the types of dogs in the most popular dog breeds list include big dogs like the bernese mountain dog, the australian cattle dog and the newfoundland dog. the most popular types of small dog breeds are the french bulldog, shiba inu and the yorkie. types of dogs - list of hunting dog breeds: the types of breeds in the hunting dogs category, like the chow-chow, the alapaha blue blood bulldog and the wirehaired pointing griffon, were specifically bred to hunt with people and have a naturally strong desire to chase, and occasionally, to kill birds, animals and fish. the different types in our list of hunting dogs include the american indian dog, sighthounds, scenthounds, retrievers, setters, pointers and terriers.types of dogs - list of hound dog breeds: the different types of dogs in the hound dog breeds are used for hunting, by either by sight or scent, and characterised by having long, drooping ears, a short coat, and a deep bark. the hound dogs include the basset hound, the beagle and the bloodhound.types of dogs - list of terrier breeds: the different types of terrier breeds were originally bred and trained as hunting dogs to pursue their prey, such as rats, foxes, squirrels and badgers into their burrows in order to help farmers keep down the number of predatory, small animals that raided farms. different types of terrier breeds include the bull terrier,  boston terriers, the rat terriers.

types of dogs - list of spitz type dog breeds: the names of the different types of spitz dog breeds, such as the norwegian lundehund provide facts and information about their history, place of origin and original use. types of dogs - list of hypoallergenic dog breeds: what are hypoallergenic dogs? hypoallergenic dogs have a decreased leaning, and a lower potential, to cause an allergic reaction in humans. whilst no dog is truly hypoallergenic there are some types of dogs breeds that are believed to be more suitable for people who normally suffer from allergies.types of dogs - list of dog breeds that don't shed: the types of dog breeds that don't shed produce less dander (the loose scales on the dog's skin and shed from the coat that cause allergies) than other types of high shedding dog breeds. types of dogs - list of teacup dog breeds: the cute types of tiny dogs known as "teacup dogs" have an adult weight less than 4lbs and measure just 17 inches in height. different types of teacup dogs include the following breeds: the bichon frise, pomeranian, chihuahua, maltese, pug, shih tzu, silky terrier, yorkshire terrier and the toy poodle.  types of dogs - list of toy dog breeds: the types of dogs referred to as the toy dog breeds were originally bred as status symbols for royalty and the wealthy and were seen as status symbols. toy dog breeds were generally used as lapdogs and included the english toy spaniel, havanese, pekingese, pomeranian and the yorkie. dog breeders began to develop dogs for appearance in the 1800's and cross breed "designer dogs" began to appear, the smallest types being referred to as teddy bear dogs". types of dogs - list of teddy bear dog types: the types of dogs, popularly called teddy bear dogs (because of their their resemblance to the cuddly, teddy bear)  began to be bred in the late 1990s. dog breeders started experimenting with producing hybrids of two or more breeds of small types of dogs that combined the characteristics, temperament and personality traits of the types of toy dogs and the types of teacup dog breeds. names of this type of dog include the cavapoo, pomapoo, corky, doxiepoo, shihpoo and the zuchon.types of dogs - low maintenance dogs: search for the names of different types of low maintenance dogs that require minimal exercise and grooming.hunting dogs - list of sighthounds:  the different types of dogs referred to as sighthounds specialise in hunting their prey by sight. all sight hounds, such as afghan hound, the whippet and the greyhound, have excellent eyesight and have powerful legs and padded paws that enable them to cross all types of terrain.

hunting dogs - list of scenthounds: the different types of dogs referred to as the scenthound breeds specialise in hunting their prey by following the smell of their quarry. scenthounds, such as the english foxhound and the rhodesian ridgeback and the harrier, are built for endurance, with moist lips and large noses that enable them pick up scent particles and track their quarry.types of dogs - the smartest dogs: do you know the names of the intelligent breeds of dog that can claim to be the smartest dogs in the world. check out which types appear as the smartest dog in the world and the names of the other clever, intelligent types of breeds, such as the doberman pinscher.dog food - what can dogs eat?: one of the most common types of questions asked by dog owners is what can dogs eat?. whilst the staple diet of pets is a premium dog food they are often fed with scraps of human food or given human food as treats. check out what can dogs eat such as bananas, carrots, cucumbers, peanut butter, rice and blueberries - all good types of food. and the list of human food the dogs can not eat and list of human food that a dog can only eat with caution. if you are concerned about dog illnesses please consult your vet.types of dogs - fun dog facts for kids: discover some facts and information about all different types of canines in our article called fun dog facts for kids. find out the answers to questions such as why do dogs eat grass? what is the smallest and biggest dog in the world? do dogs have night vision? and why do dogs howl? for additional interesting facts and information refer to the evolution and history of dogs. types of dogs - akc registered breeds: the history and objectives of the american kennel club (akc) together with the date of registration for all types of akc recognized breeds. types of dogs - the lighter side... looking for some light entertainment? check out some funny dog quotes , our interesting article on types of  famous dogs and get some inspiration and ideas from dog names..types of dogs: our articles are packed with interesting facts and info about all the types breeds and accompanied by our unique pictures and images of different types of breeds that have been specially commissioned are drawn by our talented artist. find short, concise, descriptions of all the different types of dog breeds including their size, height and weight, types of characteristics, types of personality traits, types of history and origin, types of coat colors and types of potential health problems. we have even supplied a list of male dog names and female dog names that are particularly suited to each breed.


site indexⓒ 2017 siteseen  privacy statement   cookies policy types of dogs -  breeds - facts and info - breed standard - size - types of colors - coat type - characteristics - types of diet - exercise requirements - breed standard - grooming - types of history - origin - tips - history - health problems - height - information about types of dog breeds - lifespan - litter size - breeds - names - male - female - boy dog - girl dog - types of origin - personality - qualities - breeds - size - temperament - guide - weight - types of male dog names - female dog names - breed description - art - pictures - images -  facts and information - types of dogs 
