


































    
    best limo service pittsburgh pa | party bus and limousine rentals
  
  















           
pittsburgh:
(412) 956-2697
 
 


 
    

 







       home



  fleet



  quotes / reservations



  services


   holiday lights limo tours



  custom private wine tours from pittsburgh


   popular wineries on our custom wine tours





  private custom wine tour request



  wine tours



  weddings



  birthdays



  nights out



  sporting events & concerts



  bachelor parties



  bachelorette parties



  proms & dances



  airport service



  graduations



  shuttle service



  car service



  coronavirus sunset date night and birthday limo packages



  pittsburgh dive bar tour





  about us



  reviews



  contact



  gallery



  news


   coronavirus transportation safety procedures














       
 





       



       
  
exceptional limousine
we give you more than a car, we give you an experience! we service all of pa. call today to reserve a vehicle for your special event.

  





 
  
exceptional wedding
deserving only the best, we will strive to make your special day as luxurious and worry free as possible.

  





 
  
exceptional pickup
our exceptional, luxury airport service is available 24 hours a day - on time & in style!

  











   
  

call us

  

view our fleet

  

reserve now

  

holiday lights limo tours

limo service pittsburgh 
exceptional limousine, provides the best limo service pittsburgh offers with the best rates in the metro area for pittsburgh limousine services. from many limo styles and options, we ensure our guests get the limousine that is perfect for their event. our services stand out from the competition, as we do not charge for travel time to and from our garage.  our goal is not only safe transportation, but plenty of enjoyment and satisfaction guaranteed.your limousine time starts at the time of pickup – not a minute sooner!!!     

  
airport
  

button




  

  birthdays
shuttle
  

button




  

  
car service
  

button




  

  
fleet
  

button







  

view our fleet

limo wine tours  


 
reserve a vehicle  
   name:

 email:

 phone:

 service:
 
airport shuttle
shuttle service
wedding
bachelor party
bachelorette party
night on the town
corporate
prom/dance
wine tasting tour
concert
sporting event
other


 vehicle:
 
limo bus (18 passeger)
stretch limo (14 passenger)
ford f150 limo
300 m limo (10 passengers)
excursion limo (22 passengers)
tux excursion limo (24 passengers)
suv (6 passengers)
van (11 passengers)
limo bus (16 passengers)
excursion tuxedo (20 passengers)


 date:

 start time:

 # of hours:
 
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
12+


 pickup address:

 drop off address:

 special notes:




thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later




   
  

wedding limo service


 
  

birthday limo rentals


 
  

nights out


 
  

shuttle service




   



   limousine rentals pittsburgh 
want the best
limousine rental pittsburgh has to offer? exceptional limousine is the go to limo service for all your transportation needs and serves all of pennsylvania. contact us today to reserve one of our luxury vehicles for your special event in pittsburgh or the surrounding area. our pittsburgh limousine service 
always includes a complimentary bar and a special gift for wedding parties. we specialize in superior
pittsburgh limo service for that special night out – including weddings, anniversaries, sporting events, bachelor/bachelorette parties, night at the clubs,
pittsburgh steelers football games, bar hopping, and much much more!take time to browse our incredible fleet of one-of-a-kind limousines, or contact us today for more information on our limousine services or for a free quote!  we are dedicated to providing you with the best limo service in pittsburgh 
each and every time you rent a limousine or party bus from exceptional limo no matter what the event or occasion may be through superior customer service.  we are excited to show you why we have built a reputation as being a top luxury transportation service company in pittsburgh 
and throughout the surrounding area.


   best limo service company in pittsburgh if you want the best limo service company in pittsburgh, then look no further than exceptional limousine.  quality service at affordable prices! 



   exceptional wedding 
you deserve the best wedding limo service, we strive to make your special day as luxurious & worry free as possible. from traditional to stretched suvs, party buses & sporty grand prix we have you covered!
 
exceptional limousine 
we give you more than a car, we give you an experience! we service all of pa with our limousine services. call today to reserve one of our limousines for your special event.
 exceptional proms 
we’ll get you to your prom in style with one of our prom limousine services! we know this is a once in a lifetime event. we do our very best to make sure your memories are safe and happy ones.
 
exceptional pickup 
our exceptional, luxury airport service is available 24 hours a day. we make sure you arrive on time & in style. make your airport limo rental service experience the best with exceptional limousine!






   

get a quote


      



   what people are saying 
read what our customers have to say about exceptional limo.read the reviews
 

 our promotions 
we have specials for every day and night of the week.check out our limo specials


   follow us

exceptional limousine108 shadyhill rd pittsburgh pa 15205     

 

 

 




responsive web design 
by veer mobile















































































































  
  share by:








