male enhancement and general health      primary menuskip to content  menu idafloat.comconnection between ed and osteoporosis  september 5, 2016february 20, 2023 / by  author rootdo you know that men suffering erectile dysfunction are prone to osteoporosis? the recent studies have proved this suggestion. moreover the physicians suppose that ed may be regarded as precursory symptom of a bone disease. this conclusion is possible due to researches carried out with participation of 4460 men at the age of 40 and older who have problems with erection during for years and they were compared with 17 480 men within the same age bracket who have not problems with sex life. all the patients are selected randomly. as the result, men with ed suffering osteoporosis are almost twice as much as men without ed. thus patients with erectile dysfunction are highly recommended to check their bone mineral density, and vice versa men suffering osteoporosis should look after their virile strength.what is osteoporosis?let’s take a try and find out when osteoporosis occurs. in general this deviation can be described as fragility of bones. they become so weak that can be easily broken even due to sneezing. the bones become porous or to be specific the pores become larger than they are in a healthy bone. this disease ruins the tissue structure. there is a high risk to be affected by osteoporosis after 50 years old, so, in order to reveal the problem and start treatment in time, a man of this age should make bone density test. it should be understood that low bone mass is not a rare medical condition but it is very serious! the most vulnerable parts of body are hips, wrists and spine. in addition to fracture the patient usually feels permanent pain caused by osteoporosis, his mobility can be limited that is why it is necessary to turn to nursery help.so what underlies the link between osteoporosis and erectile dysfunction? the investigators decide that low naturally available free testosterone of men with ed is of key importance for bone formation. thus, the answer is testosterone depletion! this very reason can increase the risk of osteoporosis.treating erectile dysfunctionfrom the above said it is clear that erectile dysfunction should be cured without delay. there are a lot of efficient drugs for its treatment, which are proved during the years. their contraindications and side effects are well studied and stated without any doubts. every man can escape undesirable conditions whatever health state he has consulting with a doctor. do not forget that such pills do not treat the reason but give you a chance to have a proper erection during the particular period of time. so still you are expected to turn to a doctor for a consultation in order to get rid of the reasons causing impotence and threatening the osteoporosis.meanwhile restore the lost sexual potency taking cialis tablets (can be ordered at https://www.perthmeds.com/cialis-online-perth.html) with the main acting component tadalafil. it should be mentioned that this drug is rather expensive and there is no generic one.  this agent belongs to phosphodiesterase 5 (pde5) inhibitors. it does not allow an enzyme phosphodiesterase type-5 working in penis to react too fast. in other words it controls the enzyme and makes the erection longer. like the other remedies this treatment causes an erection only with prior sexual drive. here you can find the detailed description of this treatment https://www.drugs.com/cialis.html. if this one is too expensive and not known well enough, at any time you can find popular viagra for sale at https://www.onlinevgraaustralia.net/ and save your money taking the legendary blue pills.  categoriespills   muscle gain nutrition – d bal supplement  september 2, 2019august 28, 2019 / by  author nicholaswanting to achieve perfect silhouette of their body, many men go to gym. but not everyone achieves expected result, since they don`t know all nuances. one of important criteria is proper nutrition for gaining muscle mass.body of person who is actively involved in sports, consume much more energy. this contributes to lack of building materials for muscle formation. so that training is only beneficial, you need to create right nutrition for gaining muscle mass. in this case, it`s required to observe several basic rules: continue reading  categoriesfitnesswhat is relationship between impotence and smoking?  july 16, 2019july 16, 2019 / by  author nicholasmodern human life is subject to variety of negative factors: problems lurk everywhere. one of these problems today is mass consumption of tobacco products by  population of the planet earth. huge number of men exposed to this addiction. continue reading  categoriessexologytreatment of sexual desire lack in men  june 10, 2019june 10, 2019 / by  author nicholasweakening of sexual interest is alarming, especially if it happened in his youth. at older age, lack of libido is observed in men who have had diseases, accompanied by decrease in amount of testosterone. another reason for which there is lack of sexual desire in men is mental illness. sharp increase in libido may indicate such processes in body as tumor, inflammation in brain. continue reading  categoriessexology   university of wollongong – respectable place for studying  june 9, 2019june 3, 2019 / by  author nicholasuniversity of wollongong (uow) is educational institution of international level, research center. 30 percent of university students are foreigners from 130 countries. university of wollongong has several campuses, four of which are located in australia and one each in united arab emirates and south korea. continue reading  categoriesaustraliaalcohol and erectile dysfunction  april 17, 2019april 17, 2019 / by  author nicholasmany people believe that small dose of alcohol before sex doesn`t hurt, because it helps to relax, become bolder, feel slight euphoria. this is true, but with proviso that key word here is “small”. in fact, habit of drinking before sex is often fixed, and there is dependency. this is where problems begin. alcohol is considered to be stimulant, but its reception has stimulating effect not for long. and over time, on contrary – leads to violation and extinction of sexual function.continue reading  categoriessexologybest juices to cure potency  march 19, 2019march 19, 2019 / by  author nicholaswhat is most significant in modern man life? work and career? money? house? family? attention women? respect of others? all this, of course, is very important, but there is equally important aspect, which simply stretches across all spheres of man’s life with scarlet-red thread. naturally, we are talking about male power, and if we speak more precisely, then about potency. after all, without it, all other points fade away and cannot start playing with fullness of colors.continue reading  categoriespillsis a cup of coffee good or bad for erectile function?  may 17, 2017 / by  author roothaving studied some research about erectile dysfunction we regret to inform you that almost 20 percent of men aged over 20 can face the problems with erection. of course mostly this condition is typical of men age 60 and older but still you can never guarantee that this unpleasant thing touches you nearly. though, of course, we hope that you are absolutely healthy. continue reading  categoriessexologydick size debate. does it really matter?  october 5, 2016november 19, 2019 / by  author rootthe size of male penis depends on a lot of factors. it can vary with different level of sexual arousal. it changes with a time of day, general mood, taking some medications. it is interesting that the human penis is most thick among other hominids (particularly in the relation to the rest of the body). continue reading  categoriessexologybest erection pills  september 5, 2016november 19, 2019 / by  author rootit is the strongest shock for any man to be diagnosed with erectile dysfunction; he falls into a serious depression and low spirits. this ailment endangers happy life, health, can badly influence social relations and even affect career (due to constant suppression and awareness of having sexual impotency, a man cannot think about anything else but this problem). more details about causes and symptoms of sexual frustration are available on http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/erectile-dysfunction/pages/introduction.aspx continue reading  categoriespillsmenu connection between ed and osteoporosismen’s libido disorderswhy does ejaculation pain occurmuscle gain nutrition – d bal supplementwhat is relationship between impotence and smoking?treatment of sexual desire lack in menuniversity of wollongong – respectable place for studyingalcohol and erectile dysfunctionbest juices to cure potencyis a cup of coffee good or bad for erectile function?dick size debate. does it really matter?best erection pillsfooter menuabout us terms and conditions privacy policycopyright © 2025 idafloat.com. all rights reserved.scroll up connection between ed and osteoporosismen’s libido disorderswhy does ejaculation pain occurmuscle gain nutrition – d bal supplementwhat is relationship between impotence and smoking?treatment of sexual desire lack in menuniversity of wollongong – respectable place for studyingalcohol and erectile dysfunctionbest juices to cure potencyis a cup of coffee good or bad for erectile function?dick size debate. does it really matter?best erection pills  