












habasit - welcome to habasit



























about us


industries


solutions


products


support and service


careers

contact  







!

menu 















belting solutions that keep your industry in motionas a leading global company for conveyor and power transmission systems, we provide tailor-made, innovative solutions and services, which keep industries in motion.about us 

 










 

find your solutionfind my solution  



the reliable global partner who knows your businesshabasit’s customers receive the highest quality products and comprehensive, tailor-made solutions from our extensive range of fabric-based conveyor belts, plastic modular belts and chains, power transmission belts, and monolithic and timing belts.   established in 1946 in basel, switzerland, we are a family-owned company with a global presence in over 70 countries.meet habasit 



industries we serve 








solutions for food and beveragehabasit sets value on your food processing belts to have the right design and characteristics to keep your lines running at peak performance.discover food and beverage 

 




solutions for the material handling industryhabasit is one of the few belt suppliers to provide solutions for materials handling across the entire spectrum, allowing us to give you the solutions you need, not just what we have available.more on material handling 

 




solutions for packagingdrawing on our years of global experience, we’ll help you meet your challenges with optimal solutions that come with improved productivity and reduced maintenance costs as part of the package.see packaging industry solutions 

 




solutions for the textile industryour proven breadth of industry knowledge and extensive belting offering cover yarn processing, textile printing, and nonwovens. because we understand the pressures you face, every solution from habasit delivers a long service life, high reliability, reduced energy consumption, and an optimal price/value ratio.find out more about textile 

 




solutions for the paper industryproduction processes in the paper printing, board converting, and hygienic paper product industry require a vast range of different belts. with energy costs continuously increasing, habasit ensures both high efficiency as well as energy and cost savings.discover solutions for paper 

 




solutions for the automotive industryhabasit’s innovative solutions for automobile and automotive component production are customized to your needs, helping your each your target destination every time.more about automotive 

 




solutions for the construction industrycustomers in the construction industry around the globe rely on habasit’s vast belting experience and capabilities to deliver customized solutions for their applications.see more for construction industry 

 




meeting the specific needs of your industrywhatever your industry and your belting needs, habasit has the expertise and experience to deliver the customized, reliable, and cost-efficient solutions you require.read more 

 





let us share our knowledgeread the latest news, articles, and cases, to discover how industry challenges can be handled with the right solution

	latest


	news


	blog


	customer stories


	events


	articles







customer stories
poultry processing plant in poland enhances food safety








news


bnp certification for bhs projects
we are proud to announce a significant milestone in the global airport industry: our accreditation for baggage handling systems (bhs) projects by bnp associates inc.







news


habasit materiality survey
share your feedback in habasit's materiality survey.







events


explore innovative belting solutions at pack expo international 2024.
learn how our innovative, truly customized belting solutions can keep your packaging lines running smarter, safer, and more sustainably. 
the habasit team will be at pack expo international in chicago from november 3rd to 6th, 2024. we look forward to meeting you in the south building at stand s-4223.







events


discover your energy savings potential at parcel+post expo 2024.
the world's largest parcel industry event will be held from october 22–24, 2024, at rai amsterdam.
visit us at parcel+post expo in hall 10, booth 10.510, to discover how you can significantly reduce both energy consumption and your carbon footprint.







news


streamline maintenance and hygiene with the habasit saniclip retrofit kit
harness the time-saving power of the saniclip – now available as a kit for your existing habasitlink belts. 








customer stories
habasit’s plastic spiral belt delivers annual savings of over $187,000









customer stories
bakery saves £10k and 69 hours of labor annually








events


experience the power of precision and innovation at drupa 2024.
join us at the world's leading trade fair for printing technologies. the team of our experts is excited to meet you in dussledorf from 28th of may to 7th of june, in hall 1, stand a20. 







blog


the treadmill revisited: faster, stronger, and stranger than you expected
when most of us think of a treadmill, we envision a dusty machine in the corner of the basement, which we bought in our brief enthusiasm for exercise, and then promptly forgot or adamantly avoided. for those of us who make it to the gym, even the professional industry treadmills, some of the most used machines on the market, require extensive repair within the first one to two years of their lifetime.







blog


keeping pace with work
in recent years, there have been a series of studies revealing the many health risks associated with too much sitting. the link between being deskbound and the danger of disease are so startling that some experts are calling sitting the new smoking. prolonged inactivity has even been connected to heart disease and some types of cancer.







blog


can polyamide (pa) rods be used in a wet environment?
people often ask if polyamide (pa) rods can be used in a wet environment. the answer is no, it is not the best material for a wet environment, but in today’s blog, i will briefly explain why.







article


in pursuit of pure poultry
poultry consumption is on the rise. even with 65 billion chickens consumed each year, the creature still outnumbers the population of any other bird on the planet with sheds housing 20,000 to 40,000 chicks at a time.







article


how to save energy and reduce running costs
would you like to reduce the running costs of your facility? the answer is probably yes. if you also want to protect the environment by saving energy, here’s a tip.







article


the world in a can
when it comes to the world of cans, prepare for the unexpected. whether it is the whole chicken coated in gelatinous gravy squeezed into a 50-oz can, roasted crickets with eggs, bacon with a decade long shelf life or a tin stuffed with an american cheeseburger, there seems to be no end to the culinary creativity of what you can put into a can. even beverages are not limited to the average soda or beer. in china, you can buy a can of bird`s nest drink, a specialty made by dissolving swiftlets` nests into a liquid which promises to stimulate cell growth and strengthen the immune system.



 

 






















home /














belting solutions that keep your industry in motion

                        as a leading global company for conveyor and power transmission systems, we provide tailor-made, innovative solutions and services, which keep industries in motion.
                    







 get in touch





                                    austria
                                

                                    australia
                                

                                    belgium
                                

                                    brasil
                                

                                    canada
                                

                                    china
                                

                                    czech republic
                                

                                    denmark
                                

                                    finland
                                

                                    france
                                

                                    germany
                                

                                    hong kong
                                

                                    hungary
                                

                                    india
                                

                                    indonesia
                                

                                    italy
                                

                                    japan
                                

                                    korea
                                

                                    malaysia
                                

                                    mexico
                                

                                    netherlands
                                

                                    new zealand
                                

                                    philippines
                                

                                    poland
                                

                                    portugal
                                

                                    romania
                                

                                    russia
                                

                                    singapore
                                

                                    slovakia
                                

                                    south africa
                                

                                    sri lanka
                                

                                    spain
                                

                                    sweden
                                

                                    switzerland
                                

                                    thailand
                                

                                    turkey
                                

                                    ukraine
                                

                                    united kingdom
                                

                                    us
                                

                                    vietnam
                                





reinach – habasit ag |  main office 
                        römerstr. 1 
                                                4153                        reinach                                                    
                                                                        tel: +41 61 715 15 15 



                        contact us
                    







follow us on social media



































industries





food and beverage
material handling
packaging
textile
paper
automotive
construction
more industries








products





fabric belts
monolithic belts
habasync timing belts
habasitlink modular belts
conveyor chains
habiplast conveyor components
accessories








services





belt engineering
technical support and services
selection and calculation
regulatory









©habasit 2019-2023.

about us


trademarks


legal disclaimer


privacy statement







 






 

