





dimare pastry shop

























click here to close this screen and view our full site 


we have an abundance of products
        in store for grab and go. 
if you're interested in placing an order 
        we take all weekday orders up until 24 hours prior and 
        we take all weekend orders until thursday 5pm
if you're interested in a fondant or tier cake, 
        these orders are taken two weeks prior.
hours
tuesday - saturday 9 to 5
        sunday 9 to 2
        monday closed














family owned
est. 1976




 
 


 



galleries
menus
online store

testimonials
gift cards
about us




 



 
baked and assembled right in our bakery- our gingerbread houses are perfect for family traditions. they come in small (shown here) or large, and can also be ordered pre-decorated. 
 
the sweetest gift one can give! our red velvet cake filled with cream cheese icing.  
 
yummy gingerbread dipped in chocolate and decorated with m&ms.
 
a soft cookie outside and fig filling, an italian christmas classic.  
 
one of our extra tall cakes with white chocolate dyed blue and beautiful snowflake decorations, how stunning!




 planning that special holiday party for home or office? maybe you are just looking to sample some of the freshest pastries in the area? no matter what your need, our fresh baked goods are sure to please. cakes, cookie trays, pies, breads, pastries and more, you will find them all at one of our locations. click here to view our christmas menu
most items can be shipped anywhere in the continental united states. and if you have a special meeting or event, call ahead and pickup your order that will make you the hit of the party! as you browse through our site if you have something in mind that you do not see (a special cake creation, a mouth watering treat that you just have to have), give us a call today stamford (203-967-2253) riverside (203-637-4781) and we will do our very best to serve.



  
  
  
  
  














 view now






view now






view now





 cake tastings
private tastings available
click for details






view now














galleries
search all
search goods by occasion
search galleries


 online store


bakers notes


menus


about us
cake tasting
testimonials
policies
contact us
awards



gift cards


 
(203) 967-cake
12 largo drive south
      stamford, ct 06907

 
(203) 637-4781
1243  east putnam ave
      riverside, ct 06878



site design by: www.emaxed.com








