





lavelle school for the blind






















 






accessibility tool bar



font size
saturation
contrast
reset







accessibility options


 families
 translate
  






google translate




 login 







email: 


password: 




create account






 search





lavelle school for the blind







close
search lavelle school for the blind


















toward fulfillment of potential
an inclusive learning environment creating opportunity for students with  visual impairment since 1904




»home+about»mission and purpose»meet our executive director»meet our board of trustees»our history»diversity»contact us+programs & resources»overview of educational programs»preschool program»elementary program»secondary program»transition program»transition services»resources»school safety, support and more....+admissions»why lsb»admission procedures+get involved»photo albums»video gallery+join our team»careers»volunteer»the paulding avenue press»learn more about sponsorship»donate











skip to content
skip to menu






















discovering . creating . growing .





news and announcements
show all

 news and announcements 





sustainable garden project







5th annual mod marathon - run, walk, or roll!  november 4th,...







school calendars

please click through to view our 2024 and 2025 school calendar.






2024 vision of art exhibition

check out the beautiful works of art created by our amazingly talented students.






just released! volume 5 of paulding avenue press

click below to view our latest paulding avenue press volume 5 ejournal.






just released! volume 4 of paulding avenue press

click below to view our latest paulding avenue press volume 4 ejournal.






adl training apartment project 







congratulations class of 2023

congratulations to our 2023 graduates and their families! we wish you all the best and will miss you at lavelle!






adl training apartment 

















 connectfollow us
 careersjoin the lsb team

 donatemake a gift












 lavelle school for the blind
 3830 paulding ave.
          bronx, ny 10469
          (718) 882-1212 
lavelle provides students who are visually impaired and have multiple disabilities with a nurturing educational environment that challenges them and focuses on their individual needs, ensuring each student reaches their full potential.
powered by educational networks 
















