





your top source for american football plays & peptides info







































































skip to content





 
football plays
your number one source for american football plays






menu



welcome
running plays
offensive plays
about us
message us
 









home 





 





football plays 

your number one source for american football plays 


 


 






about us
ever looking for the best way to stay on top of your game during the off-season? are you finding that you can’t ever get enough of sunday night football? just because the season is over doesn’t mean that you have to stop loving the game just as much as we do.
mentally, the sport can be prepared for all year long. get some of the greatest american football plays and tactics as we go over information and strategies from professional teams. turn this weekend hobby into a lifestyle and learn to enjoy the game to its fullest.











 
why screen printing services have become so valuable
november 30, 2018october 10, 2022
 

 

do you often visit the latest t-shirt websites in search of cool t-shirts? do you find the graphics to be really unique? they are so colourful and bright, isn’t it? do you know how the printing is done? most of the companies that are involved in selling graphic t-shirts or other apparels make use of the screen printing services. this is one of the most popular methods of printing custom designs on t-shirts. not just custom designs, almost any graphical design can be printed on a t-shirt with the help of screen printing. the companies use a good quality printer and once the design of the graphics and the colours are decided, the printer is set up with the respective design and colour.
the t-shirt is printed as if the design is just stamped on it. there is a square-shaped tile structure that is kept just above the t-shirt. this area has the design and colours filled in. when the temperature of the printer is appropriate to print on the t-shirt, the square structure is placed on top of the t-shirt to deliver the printed design.

benefits of screen printing 
modern printing techniques have enabled many companies to try different methods of printing on t-shirts and other fabric. some of the other techniques of printing that are used apart from screen printing are dye sublimation, dtg or direct to garments, vinyl cutting, and heat press printing. however, screen printing has turned out to be the most effective among all the other techniques. please, not that  cover for your mortgage may be necessary if your screen printing company is run from home.
1.   versatile 
have you noticed that the graphic design of the t-shirts tend to break and you can pick on it and throw it away after washing the t-shirt for a few times? this happens when the printing quality is poor. the printing technique is not versatile and that is why the graphic design does not stick well on the fabric that is used. even if you use a good quality cotton t-shirt, the design will eventually come off after a few months. screen printing services are different when it comes to versatility. you can use this printing on any material like fabric or metal or wood or plastic, and you will get a good print every single time. much of the credit should go to the printing mechanism and the printer that is used.
2.   lasts for a long time 
when you buy a graphic t-shirt, you would want to wear it at least for the next two years. but if the graphic design starts to wear off, will you want to wear that t-shirt again? no, you won’t. however, when you buy a t-shirt or any product that has screen printing on it, you can be assured that that product will retain the print for years. the thickness and composition are two factors that separate screen printing services from others. all the designs that are placed and used in this method have the ability to withstand more stress than any other printing method without affecting the quality of the print.

3.   price of the product 
one of the reasons why screen printing services have become so popular among new business owners is that the price of screen printing on bulk products is really low. so, as an entrepreneur, you can easily start a business of selling t-shirts online by getting graphic t-shirts printed with this method. most of the companies that provide screen printing on products prefer to have bulk quantities so that the ink can be utilized to its fullest. that is why it becomes expensive if you want to get a single t-shirt printed with the screen printing method. as someone who has just started a business and wants to keep the price of the t-shirts low, make sure you opt for screen printing because that will allow you to earn a reasonable margin of profit even with the low price of the products.
4.   overall quality 
another reason why screen printing is so much in demand is the overall appearance of the product is improved after the printing is done. if you compare the quality of a graphic t-shirt that has been printed with a screen printer and another t-shirt that has been printed with a different technique, you will clearly understand the difference in quality. the quality of the print is so genuine that you will feel as if it came with the fabric or the respective material. most people think that screen printing is expensive because of the quality of the print that it is able to deliver. the reality is quite different though. screen printing offers amazing quality print at a very low price when you place a bulk order.
5.  easy process 
the process followed during screen printing is pretty simple. you only have to change the graphics and colour every time you want to print a different design. the rest will be done by the printer itself. starting from the distribution of colour to printing the design on the fabric or product, everything is operated inside the printer. you can change the settings manually to make sure that the ink is distributed evenly on all the parts of the design.

6.   better graphics 
there is a stark difference the graphics of a screen printer and that of other printers. the main reason behind this is the greater thickness of the ink that is used in the screen printing technique. each and every ink that is used has a measured thickness. you can either set the thickness manually or the printer can do it automatically. the results of the ink distribution are even more interesting. each and every screen printer has a unique technology that allows even distribution of the ink on all the parts of the design. if there is a part when no colours should be used, the printer will ignore that part during the printing process.
overall, screen t-shirt printing is here to stay for decades. there will be no decline in the demand for graphic t-shirts and when there is a constant flow of demand, screen printing services are bound to be used, especially with so many benefits.

 
what you should know about peptides for football players
july 18, 2018
 

what you should know about peptides for football players

there is a very common practice that many football players participate in. this is the use of peptides in order to enhance their ability to play the game. peptides are organic compounds, ones that are more commonly referred to as chain amino acids, representing two or more amino acids that have been combined together. they will also have what is called a carboxyl group, completing the configuration of each individual peptide. these are used in many different ways, such as for skincare products. however, these amino acids are also very helpful in building muscle mass. this practice has become scrutinized over the last few decades. it is often referred to as doping because they are considered to be performance-enhancing chemicals. though they were once difficult to detect, once professional athletes were banned from playing sports, it became clear that peptides for football players might not be the best course of action. here is what you should know about peptides for football players, and why you may or may not want to consider using them if you play this game.

the origins of peptides used in sports 

similar to other enhancement chemicals such as hgh, peptides are typically obtained as a raw material from countries like china. there are many websites that sell them for research purposes such as peptidesuk.com, and as they grew in popularity, more professional athletes began to use them because they could see how their teammates were benefiting. it should be noted that these are not considered controlled substances. although they are banned from use in professional sports, they are not per se illegal. they are simply supplements that are frowned upon by those that controlled professional sports, similar to not being able to use anabolic steroids.

how do they interact within the human body? 

these short chain amino acids can help any individual build muscle much more effectively. they are also used by bodybuilders, primarily because of their ability to build muscle quickly, and also reduce overall body fat when used on a regular basis. it is because of the band on anabolic steroids that the popularity of peptides for football players began to rise. there are several different types of peptides that are used including polymers, neuropeptides, and oligopeptides, all of which will improve the production of human growth hormone within the body that is produced by the pituitary gland. essentially, it is an indirect way of getting more hgh into your system. this hormone is responsible for the incredible growth and changes that people experience during puberty. however, it diminishes naturally over time, but if it is abundant in an adult body, significant gains can occur in muscle growth which is beneficial for anyone that plays the sport of football.

other benefits of using peptides regularly 

although peptides are banned by professional athletes, that does not mean that they are not beneficial. in fact, this is one of the most helpful groups of amino acids that you can take. not only are you providing your body with the amino acids that the body needs to grow muscle, but it will also inspire the production of growth hormone which is also helpful. the benefits of hgh have been discussed for decades. this will include an increase in bone density, muscle mass, endurance, and an overall decrease in body fat. however, when they are used in excess, it is quite apparent. people that have been using them for years often have enlarged heads as a result of massive bone growth associated with these products. if it is used in moderation, it can actually make you much more healthy and provide you with increased longevity, one of the main reasons that taking these substances is so popular.

are there any side effects to using them? 

there are some adverse side effects that have been noted over time. skeletal changes have already been mentioned. it can also cause the enlargement of toes, fingers, and also the lengthening of your job. your organs can also enlarge, leading to a very dangerous condition called cardiomegaly. those that take this type of supplement for years and are producing extensive amounts of hgh may also experience carpal tunnel syndrome. finally, your skin can begin to thicken, making it look very unsightly, yet this is almost always because of prolonged and continuous use of peptides that are creating an overabundance of growth hormone. despite these many problems, people are still finding ways to get these peptides into their system to promote growth hormone production. as with anything that you take, you need to use moderation as your guiding principle. if you are not in professional football, you do have options. for those that are older, this might be exactly what you are looking for if you are experiencing physical, mental, and emotional problems often associated with those that are at an older age.



peptides for football players may be banned at a professional level, this does not mean that it does not have general benefits. when taken in moderation, can help in so many areas where people are having problems. for example, as we grow older, we may experience many problems that are simply not associated with people that are young. these issues are not just physical, but they can also pertain to our mental and emotional state. as we get older, it is common to suffer from memory loss, lack of concentration and depression is also quite common. physical problems may include a reduced amount of bone density, the sensitivity with extreme temperatures, and an overabundance of adipose cells around the gut. if you are in professional football, this is something that you simply cannot take. however, if you are not, you can benefit from peptides in so many ways. there are also natural ways to inspire the pituitary gland to create more growth hormone such as extreme exercising and getting a substantial amount of sleep. now that you know a little bit more about how peptides can affect football players, as well as everyone else, you can now make a decision as to whether or not this would be a good supplement for you.
 

 
tips for locating personal fitness courses
june 11, 2018june 22, 2023
 

 

tips for locating personal fitness courses
getting fit is something that people always tend to say they are going to do. however, they almost always have the issue of procrastination and not getting fit like they were planning. that is when people often need to have some information on the personal fitness courses in their region. by finding these courses, it will be quite a bit easier for people to find the course that will work for them and know they can finally get fit while taking the course. without this information, people may assume they will get fit and be disappointed when they are not getting fit at all, but instead are even worse off than when they started.
certification and licensure of instructor
while you may not be concerned about this, you need to realize that if you are taking these courses you want them to be given by a properly trained and certified instructor. this will help ensure the instructor of the personal fitness courses will be teaching good methods and will actually know what they are doing. if they are not properly licensed you may find that they watched several youtube videos or have been working out their entire life and never really took the courses to help improve health.

while the courses from the non-certified individuals may work at times, you should realize that they may not know how to focus on your needs. the certified teachers will know how to focus on a group that is in need and be able to keep it maintained and looking great. so this is definitely different than what you would find with the non-certified instructor who may have to tell you to wait a minute while they go and find out what exercises to have you do.
now, an exception to this would be going to a gym that has an instructor who oversees several other people. this is going to mean you will have the instructor on site, but the people who are doing the courses may not have the certification but have been taught by the instructor. then with the instructor on site, they tend to pop in and check to see if everything is going like it should.
time the course takes place
taking a keep fit course is not going to do you any good if you are unaware of the time the training is going to happen. so you will want to make sure you check the time of the training you are planning on taking. this way you will be able to make it to the location in time to change and stretch, but also so you can get ready for the training regimen you are going to undergo.
where the course is going to take place
typically you will find these sessions will take place in a keep fit gym or in a park. however, if you are going to be doing this for a long period of time you will want to make sure you know for certain where each session is going to be held. sometimes you will notice the teachers are going to change up the location from time to time. that is going to depend on the exercises that are being done because some of them will work better in a different location.
a good example of the different locations would be running. while a treadmill will allow you to do all the running that you normally would be doing, it can get boring. so if the weather is nice enough the instructors may take the course to the park and have you run along the paths in the park. this helps you get in shape but also allows you the chance to breathe in the fresh air outside also aiding mental health.

how long each session is going to take
with how busy everyone is anymore, it is very important that you know how long each workout session will take. this way you can make your plans for the day or even schedule time away from work. typically a session will take about thirty minutes to two hours. so this is important for you to consider so you can get in shape and know that you will be fitting it into your schedule.
if the course is meant for different fitness levels
now, a sad fact is that not everyone is going to be in excellent condition. when this happens, you may find that it is going to be nearly impossible for you to get into shape if you are in an advanced course and you are just starting out. so you will want to make sure you check to see if the, get fit courses, will work for different levels of fitness or if the instructors even have different levels they are going to teach at.
if you do get involved in a course that is more advanced than what you are looking for, then you may find the face discouragement of not being able to do the workout. since this is the case, you should check to make sure they have different courses for your fitness level.
what is the cost of the personal fitness courses
well, this could be a deciding factor for some people as well and that is how much is the course going to cost. the cost will help people know if they can afford the course, but also will let them know the true value financially of getting in shape. typically the cost is not that high and can be included in a membership to a gym or club.
being able to get in shape can be a good thing. however, if you are unsure where to start you may head to the local gym and find out that while they have the equipment you are lost in the gym as well. this is when you should use some tips to help you in finding the best personal fitness courses. by finding these courses with these tips it will be easy for you to get fit.
useful links:
www.hse.ie health well-being
www.irishlifehealth.ie how-we-improved-the-fitness

 
a few of the best nfl offensive plays
may 6, 2018may 14, 2018
 

 

just about every great nfl team out there has special customized plays that they use during their games. there’s a lot to learn from the pros, especially with teams that have successfully and continually go all the way to the famed superbowl. here are some of our favorites.
los angeles rams’ – running back seam/jet
this play started to catch interest around the year of 2017. this was after the cheifs used the play to get a bomb touchdown pass against the patriots. while it’s a little complicated, it definitely has style. 
the play involves a pulling guard who has the added advantage of causing linebackers to try and read the run. in this play, the wide receiver is used as a decoy for a sweep with the pulling guard. the main goal is to get your linebackers to go downhill before releasing the running back up the seam.
when you have a tight end crossing that faces the safety with the bonus of having him stuck in the center of the field, it allows an huge opportunity for your qb to deliver the ball.
philadelphia eagles’ – wing counter
we’re going to be real here; this play is simple. you’ll definitely get high school nostalgia when seeing it being run. however, just because it’s simple doesn’t mean that it’s any less effective to the game. the eagles do a great job running this alongside their other misdirection schemes.
it starts off with setting a bunch of your stronger players to one side of your formation with your wide receiver at position number three. moving forward from that toss-like play, the eagles try to pull a right tackle and bring the wide receiver up from the inside handoff towards the quarterback.
this allows for any of your linebackers out on edge to play the toss, and your wide receiver and follow the defense for a great gain. when trying to pull this off, you really want to get your linebackers moving, surprising your opponents with sudden bursts and open-field ability. following this play correctly can really help you to push the ball up the field.

 
knowing key terms for running game plays
may 2, 2018may 15, 2018
 

 

there’s nothing better than pulling off a fantastic play in an american football game. designing different plays and football tactics is a lot of dedication and hard work. it takes the knowledge of necessary football skills along with knowing the strengths and weaknesses of your team. it can even be a challenge for coaches with years of experience! here’s our suggested method for designing the best plays for your team.
designing for a running game
to develop any type of productive football play for a running game your coordination and communication between teammates is essential. the primary goal during a running game is to put your running back at the point of the attack. this should be done just as the hole opens. to achieve this, use a combination of blocking and timing.

identify the ball carrier – during a play if a number is called, they are carrying the ball for that play. in a typical game of football, the qb is assigned as number one, the tailback is next with number two, and the fullback is three. however, this can change depending on your formation.
dive – a dive play is a quick hitting and direct power run. it is designed for a short amount of yardage. a dive is particularly effective in any situation with a 3rd or 4th.
blast – a running play that is designed to tackle or guard the tackle gap.
power – a power play maximizes blocking at an attack point. it involves sending all of your offensive backs through the same hole. you then have to lead the ball carrier as well.
trap/counter – in a trap play, the ball carrier takes a few steps away from the intended hole in the group. this is done right before cutting back to receive a handoff and moving forward to attack. the difference between a counter and a trap is that during a trap you can see a guard on the back side of the play.
toss – a toss is run similarly to a sweep. you start by running out towards the sidelines. except, during a toss, the ball carrier does not move across the backfield completely.
sweep – in a sweep, the qb will hand off or pitch to a running back coming from the outside of the guard. at this point, they’re trying to beat the defense to the corner of the sideline.
reverse – a reverse is also similar to how a sweep starts off. however, in a reverse play the receiver goes in the opposite direction than the ball carrier. the receiver will take the handoff before attempting to sprit back to the opposing sideline.













contact us
if you’re interested in learning more about our playbooks we have a set of hours open to take customer calls. any information that you hope to acquire can be gained through these times or contact methods listed below.
if we are not available when you’re hoping to contact us, leave your name, a number or method, we can get back to you at, and what your question is. we’ll get back to you as soon as possible.
if you would like to submit any plays to our database, send it over via the contact info listed as well.
football plays
888 my drive, garden city,
new york, 11530
phone no : 347-415-2650






 




















 










football plays hq 888 my drive, garden city,
 new york, 11530

informationterms of use
privacy policy
 

follow us



500px





angellist





behance





disqus




 

welcome
running plays
offensive plays
about us
message us
 






site crafted with  by football plays





















