 




handwriting wizard - free handwriting self-test handwriting analysis graphology by bart baggett














 

login
register
hire a certified expert worldwide
bookstore
learn more
support

 








instructions
							1. watch video introduction
							2. create your free account
							3. login
							4. answer a few questions about your handwriting sample.
							5. press "create my report"
							6. read the 5 page report about the person's true personality.
							7. view the free video lessons
							8. download the bonus items.



email:
password:
forgot?

									trouble logging in?
									visit the support center.







    you can use this on-line software to quickly analyze your own or a friend's handwriting.
    based on your input, the computer will generate an accurate and in-depth written report
    about the personality of the writer. we use our eyes and our brains to generate an
    amazingly insightful 5 page written personality profile. and, it's free.



get your free 4-6 page personalized personality assessment based on your handwriting, right now.
(still 100% free)











recent customer comments:

        "the test was well-crafted and my results were accurate! bravo!"
        - ryan dawson
    


        "this was so accurate it was spooky. this was just unbelievable and 
        incredible. not only did i tell my friends, i emailed them and told them 
        to try this. i am truly amazed. this would be such a fun career that i am 
        seriously checking into this. thank you for a truly wonderful experience. "

        sincerely, bud duncan, 44
        calgary, alberta canada
    


        "the analysis was quite accurate, and i'm really interested in learning more about
        handwriting analysis. thank you so very much."
        
        - gabriel ezekwem
    
 
 







wizard support page - learn handwriting analysis
catalog of products - live seminars - get certified as a handwriting expert
copyright © 2007-2025 handwritinguniversity.com all rights reserved












