






brainerd lakes area vacation homes | lakes & leisure realty | breezy ...















"find brainerd lakes area vacation homes at lakes & leisure realty"




or contact us today at:  
                800-450-4700








toggle navigation







about usdaily hotlistlistingsour listingsbrokers assistfree market analysisshowcase propertiesopen housesour brokersfavoritesnotificationseventslinksdnr lake findermortgage calculatorcontact us
 
new! - test our new map search







for over 20 years lakes & leisure realty, inc. has been making your dreams come true.  serving the brainerd lakes area and popular lakes in this regional lakeshore market.  we are located in the premiere vacation and retirement destination.  our listings offer access to world class fishing, hunting, boating, snowmobile trails and shopping.  we have some of the finest golf courses in the entire state and we boast award winning healthcare facilities and the best school districts in minnesota.  visitors in our area are warmly welcomed in pequot lakes, nisswa, breezy point, pine river, crosslake and all area communities.  come see for yourself.  you will love it! 
we sell some of the most exclusive homes in the entire area.  homes in the best school districts in minnesota.  residential and vacation homes on the whitefish chain, gull chain, pelican lake, upper hay, cullen lakes, kimball lake, bass lake, star lakes, lake ossawinnamakee and more.  our realtors® have many years of experience meeting the needs of clients in the purchase of their residential and vacation homes in the brainerd lakes area and all over central minnesota. 
see all of our current real estate offerings just by searching the listings on our site.  you will be happy that you chose lakes & leisure realty, inc. to help you locate your dream property.  be sure to sign up for brokers assist, our program for relocation that frees up your time for recreation, free to all our clients.  we do the leg work and you come visit on your time.  sign up today. this program works great for our out of state buyers.



  
© created by: 


 
© copyright 2010
                all rights reserved
 
direct comments to: 
webmaster  


 

 







