





stem charter school in sandy ut | beehive science & technology academy



































































































 









		skip to content













beehive science & technology academy 











 
(801) 576-0070














facebook
 



twitter
 



youtube
 



instagram
 





















 





main menu
 


about usmenu toggle

overview
awards and recognitions
governancemenu toggle

board members
charter documents
meeting dates
meeting agendas
meeting minutes
governance reports


school reports
policies & noticesmenu toggle

school policies
lea educator licensing notice
ffcr employee rights
federal arp esser plan
civil rights/non-discrimination
audit committee
state auditor’s fraud hotline


contact us


enrollmentmenu toggle

application and forms
open house dates
frequently asked questions


academicsmenu toggle

elementary schoolmenu toggle

curriculum
student handbook
school calendar
bell schedule


secondary schoolmenu toggle

curriculum
career & technical education
student handbook
bell schedule
apps & tech use/assistance
online public education
utah stem expo
school calendar
library




counselingmenu toggle

overview
counseling calendar
graduation requirements
college readiness
career readiness
academic resources
social emotional supportmenu toggle

general mental health
anxiety
depression
diversity and inclusion


parental support
newsletter
community service


clubs/tutoringmenu toggle

elementary clubs/tutoring
secondary clubs/tutoringmenu toggle

all secondary clubs/tutoring
technology student assoc.
hosa
first tech challenge
first lego league
yearbook
national honor society
student council
cmlp
girls who code




parentsmenu toggle

overview
student handbook
student dress code
nutrition program
special education
school community council
equity
consent forms


news/mediamenu toggle

in the news
events
apple distinguished school


 

 
 







 











beehive secondary is a

platinum level

stem charter school

 

















 


















 




							enrollment application						














 




							utah stem expo						














 




							awards & recognition						














 




							school calendar						














 




							events calendar						














 




							technology use assistance						














 




							nutrition program						














 




							payments						
























elementary events 



































 







secondary events 


























 



















beehive science & technology academy is a platinum level stem charter school in sandy, utah with programs for students in stem elementary, stem middle school and stem high school.  beehive academy heavily focuses on stem programs including engineering, computer science, math and health sciences while still providing traditional utah core standards. 








 





















 



education model 



beehive academy is a platinum level stem designated school. all our course offerings, programs, extracurricular activities are designed around a stem education focus. 






learn more











 



diversity and inclusion 



beehive academy focuses on providing a supportive and inclusive learning environment for a diverse group of students. 






learn more















 



apple distinguished school 



beehive academy is an apple distinguished school in recognition of our efforts in providing an innovative education by using technology. 






learn more











 



utah stem expo 



free annual event where middle/high school students demonstrate their stem projects alongside universities and industry experts. 






learn more
























when you want the best for your child, you want beehive science and technology academy, a free, public, k-12 charter stem school in sandy, utah. we have been recognized by a number of prestigious institutions and publications as the best charter school in utah due to our rigorous curriculum, challenging courses and the success of our motivated students. 







 
















mission statement 



at beehive, students of diverse cultures achieve academic excellence and personal skills in a challenging and innovative stem environment to become contributing global citizens. 
















testimonials 










						"bsta educators strive for perfection in every interaction with students and parents, being dedicated to using the latest methods to teach and engage students. stem expo, responsive staff, robotic's program, and community involvement are some of the reasons we joined the school. many schools work hard to prevent bullying and create a nurturing environment, but bsta has actually done it! thank you, bsta, for giving me peace of mind."					


parissa a. 






						 "we attended an open house for beehive academy and it was the best decision we ever made! right away we were impressed with their teaching philosophy and the staff. we love the personal feel. small class size, dedicated teachers (who even give free tutoring), and great communication from the administration and teachers. they are also phenomenal at helping to prepare students for college. our kids have really thrived in this environment. we couldn't be happier with our experience!"					


mike and jenny t. 






						 "my son is in his 3rd year at beehive and had a lot of anxiety when he first started in 6th grade and struggled to get his grades up. he received a lot of support from teachers that first year that helped him gain confidence and he now excels at school. i can email a teacher and get a response back within a day. my son loves school and is excited by what he is learning. i love coolsis and the fact i can keep tabs on what he is doing. i am also very impressed by the staff. it's clear that each of them loves the school and cares deeply about the students the culture at beehive is positive and inclusive. i am so excited for my other children to go to beehive academy!"					


megan j. 






						"we absolutely love beehive. small class size, dedicated and engaging teachers and phenomenal office staff, keep us coming back each year. the emphasis on stem provides opportunities unlike any other environment. the school's parent communication and volunteer coordinator is first class and holds the school together like super glue. thanks bsta!"					


wendy o. 






						with its focus on science and technology, beehive
has helped to prepare my son  for a brighter future. the teachers are 
amazing and they have small class sizes. my younger children are in 
private school but will transfer to beehive. i can't imagine them receiving a better education somewhere else.					


juan r. 




 

 























 







apply for charter school 



we serve a k-12 population, and our charter school’s open enrollment period runs from dec. 1 to feb. 7. you can apply online, download a charter school application on our site or you can request a paper application be mailed to your home. you may mail your child’s charter school application back to us, fax it or hand-deliver it to our campus in sandy.take advantage of the amazing opportunity your child has to attend an excellent local stem school, and apply today. 






enroll today



































equal educational and employment opportunityit is the policy of the beehive academy to provide equal educational and employment opportunities for all individuals. therefore, the beehive academy prohibits all discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, or veteran status. this policy extends to all aspects of the beehive academy’s educational programs, as well as to the use of all beehive academy facilities to youth groups and participation in all beehive academy-sponsored activities. any individual who initiates a good faith complaint under these protections will not incur retaliatory measures. 
















accreditations and affiliations 












 









 









 









 

















 









 









 



























 














contact 






 
2165 e 9400 s sandy, ut 84093




 
contact@beehiveacademy.org





 
phone: (801) 576-0070





 
fax: (801) 618-4115











social media 






facebook-f
 



twitter
 



youtube
 



instagram
 






area served 



sandy |  draper |  south jordan |  cottonwood heights |  murray |  west jordan 












 









 









 









 









 


















						copyright © 2025 beehive science & technology academy | sitemap 





















manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent


scroll to top

 


































