


1000+ african safari holiday options | your safari specialists













































      skip to main content
    













uyaphi.com
african safaris and tours







call +27 (0) 87 898 8043
email contact us














south africanamibiabotswanazimbabwemozambiquezambiamalawitanzaniakenyarwandaugandaethiopia










 













 
















1000+ african safari tours
uyaphi.com has an extensive listing of holidays to both east africa and southern africa guaranteed to create your dream safari adventure in africa. our consultants carefully consider your budget, interests and special requirements to put together the perfect holiday itinerary.
with our years of travel experience in africa, let us help you plan your african tours, be it a self-drive holiday or a more structured safari - beach or bush, tranquillity or adrenaline adventure, the wild outdoors or chic city destinations.
africa has it all, and uyaphi.com will help you make the most of it!
uyaphi.com, your travel agent and online information orientated website, where planning and booking your safari in africa is made that much easier. uyaphi.com aims to provide an authentic african holiday to the best international standards tailored to your budget and provide you, our client, with the very best that the continent has to offer.
resplendent african wildlife, picturesque splendour, unparalleled adventure safari destinations, in addition to diverse cultural encounters: these factors combine to offer you an exclusive look into our distinctive continent.
uyaphi.com is your bespoke agent for all your tailor-made and scheduled safari holidays in africa. we invite you to explore south africa, lesotho, swaziland, namibia, botswana, zimbabwe, zambia, mozambique, madagascar, malawi, uganda (view the mountain gorillas), tanzania, kenya, and ethiopia.
explore africa with us, one of africa's oldest online safari companies, established in 1999.



























current top destinations in africa
everything in africa bites, but the safari bug is worst of all!


kenya 

when most people think of africa, kenya is one of the first countries to come to mind, and rightfully so. kenya offers something special for everyone with her stunning "big five" wildlife, mountains, lakes, and gorgeous beaches.
kenya is the perfect destination if you're looking to explore the masai mara, amboseli, samburu, meru reserves, laikipia plateau or tsavo east and tsavo west national parks.
we offer an extensive and comprehensive portfolio of both safaris and accommodation options.kenya travel
tanzania 

your guide to the best of tanzania, a land filled with endless wildlife experiences and pristine beach destinations.
chimpanzee trekking, the wildebeest migration, volcanic craters, untouched rainforests, beaches, and coral reefs. you won't find another destination like tanzania!
we offer a host of africa safari trip options and excellent lodges, camps, and resorts suitable for single travellers, honeymooners, families, and small groups of friends across most budget ranges.tanzania travel
uganda 

if you want to be up close and personal with gorillas and chimps in their natural habitat, then look no further than uganda as a african safari destination.
explore uganda's lush and tropical volcanic mountains, join adventure activities on the nile river, photograph the incredible murchison falls and experience the exceptional wildlife and bird species in the queen elizabeth national park.
unique and exciting tours and experiences await all that travel to this unique east africa country.uganda travel
zambia 

zambia is one of the most diverse and fascinating countries in africa - and home to some of the best "big five" wildlife experiences on the continent!
with an incredible array of national parks, game reserves, the zambezi river and large freshwater lakes and victoria falls, one is spoilt for choice when it comes down to wildlife activities in which one can participate.
zambia has something for everyone - from photographers to birding enthusiasts to fishing fanatics; safari tours and experiences are waiting for you.zambia travel
namibia 

namibia is home to the etosha national park, damaraland, caprivi strip, namib desert and namib naukluft national park, windhoek, swakopmund, and skeleton coast, to mention just a few namibian attractions.
namibia offers untamed and vast expanses of the bushveld and desert. an excellent choice for a safari with a desert theme.namibia travel
botswana 

botswana is one of the continent's finest and most authentic safari destinations.
world-famous for the scenic splendour, diverse cultures, "big five" wildlife and birdlife, her famed attractions include the okavango delta, chobe national park, moremi game reserve and central kalahari game reserve.
we offer scheduled, and tailor made safaris in botswana that can be tailor-made to suit small and large groups, honeymoons, couples and families alike.botswana travel






booking your african safari with uyaphi.com in 4 easy steps
at uyaphi, we offer a portfolio of well over 700+ hotels, lodges and tented camps, including over 350+ safari itineraries in 15+ african countries. this totals a product range of over 1000+ individual options that we have to offer you, our clientele.
you can be assured that our expert safari consultants, based out of cape town, south africa, will find that perfect safari itinerary to suit your budget and expectations; we will even help you tick off a few of those african bucket list items.
based on your requirements, we will convert your dreams into reality, with an itinerary proposal including costing sent to you for consideration and approval.
booking is as easy as 1-2-3-4

phone contact an expert at uyaphi.com
people let's create your dream safari holiday to africa together
thumb_up_off_alt confirm your dream itinerary
travel_explore go on your safari in africa

let us plan your dream african trip









safaris in africa
everything in africa bites, but the safari bug is worst of all!


masai mara safari 

the annual great migration between the masai mara national reserve and serengeti national park is one of east africa's top attractions for pure wildlife experiences.
the great migration is what people come to watch, photograph, and experience, an occasion that will always keep you returning for more and more.
a portfolio of only the best masai mara and mara triangle itineraries ranging from two nights all the way through to tailor-made fourteen-day + safari options.masai mara safari
uganda safaris 

your chance of a lifetime to go on a gorilla safari experience in either uganda (or rwanda), two untamed destinations in east africa.
other than gorillas and chimps trekking, there are also the tree-climbing lions of queen elizabeth national park, lake victoria, and the nile river and murchison falls source.
gorilla trekking is a must. with so much to see and do in uganda, one will have an unforgettable experience. make sure to book your trip to uganda soon; gorilla trekking permits are limited!uganda safaris
botswana family safaris 

are you looking for a fantastic family african travel experience that will be remembered for a lifetime? look no further because we have just the thing!
our family holidays are carefully selected to offer destinations, activities, and lodges which provide an unforgettable experience of discovery for all ages.
family safaris are safe, fun and rewarding and genuinely enable parents to bond with their children when in africa. families together can experience the okavango delta, moremi and the chobe national park.
botswana family safaris
kruger park safaris 

we offer a wide and comprehensive portfolio of bespoke south african safaris in the kruger national park, ranging from walking and camping to self-drive and fly-in and packages designed for families or honeymooners.
tours to the kruger, timbavati game reserve or sabi sand game reserve are a must when one is in south africa on holiday; combine with cape town for best results.kruger park safaris
namib desert safaris 

amazing safari tours that will let you explore the beauty of the namib desert, then look no further!
on our website, we offer a variety of guided tours that visit sossusvlei, one of the most popular tourist destinations in all of africa.
with towering dunes and amazing landscapes, this is a place that you won't want to miss. and with our experienced guides and comfortable lodgings, we'll make sure that your experience is one that you'll never forget!namib desert safaris
serengeti safaris 

rated as one of the most spectacular natural events on earth, the annual great migration in the serengeti national park, where wildebeest, zebra and gazelles move on mass, is an opportunity not only for the carnivores but you as well to witness this truly spectacular event of life and death.
serengeti safari packages where one gets to explore, witness and photograph some of the best wildlife viewing in one of the top national parks in east africa.serengeti safaris








the best in family-friendly lodges
go and see all that you possibly can!


botswana family friendly lodges  

botswana family-friendly lodges and camps offer a magical and memorable family-orientated experience for the entire family. explore the okavango delta, moremi game reserve, chobe national park and, of course, the central kalahari game reserve on one of our tailor-made family holidays.
there is nothing quite like a botswana safari holiday with the family; experience some of the best wildlife and safari destinations on the african continent.botswana family friendly lodges 
namibia family friendly lodges 

namibia is one of africa's top family-friendly and child-friendly nature destinations with excellent roads, good wildlife, spectacular desert adventures, cultural diversity, and not forgetting a good selection of lodges, camps and hotels that offer accommodation, meals and activities for kids of all ages.
a safe and unique african safari experience that will thrill and delight kids and adults of all ages.namibia family friendly lodges
tanzania family friendly lodges 

looking for a tanzania family-friendly lodge where you can enjoy some quality time with your little ones? look no further! we've got a great selection of lodges, camps, and beach resorts that offer everything from nature walking excursions to game drive options while keeping the children entertained and educated.
so pack your bags and get ready for a fantastic safari adventure! family-friendly options that cater to all family members that will suit most if not all budgets.tanzania family friendly lodges
zimbabwe family friendly lodges 

a selection of family-friendly safari lodges, camps and hotels scattered around the amazing wildlife destination that is zimbabwe. explore the hwange national park, mana pools national park, the mighty zambezi and famed victoria falls.
all establishments have one thing in common: they all welcome children with suitable accommodation, meals, and wildlife activities to entertain and educate the little ones.zimbabwe family friendly lodges
zambia family friendly lodges 

family-friendly safari lodges and camps located within the amazing wildlife destination of zambia, including kafue, lower zambezi, south luangwa and victoria falls.
we have chosen a selection of safari establishments that cater to families with children in tow, with suitable accommodation options and activities available.zambia family friendly lodges
kenya family friendly lodges 

a collection of the best kenya family-friendly lodges, camps and beach resorts suitable for families with children of most ages. establishments are all located in and around kenya's famed wildlife regions, including; the masai mara, samburu, meru, amboseli, tsavo, and mount kenya.
there is honestly nothing like experiencing kenya on a safe family safari journey with exceptional wildlife and cultural experiences.kenya family friendly lodges








the absolute in luxury lodges
go and see all that you possibly can!


botswana's most luxurious lodges 

a selection of botswana's most luxurious and expensive lodges that we showcase on uyaphi.com is a collection of lodges for those with bottomless pockets, for those who demand only the finest and for those who need the utmost privacy.
explore the heart of the okavango, the pristine landscapes of the moremi, the rich biodiversity of the linyanti and selinda, and the iconic wildlife haven of chobe. each lodge offers unparalleled comfort, exclusive access to stunning natural surroundings, and unforgettable wildlife encounters.botswana's most luxurious lodges
namibia's most luxurious lodges 

a selection of namibia's most luxurious and therefore expensive lodges that we showcase on uyaphi.com, a selection of lodges and camps that offer the utmost in luxury, facilities and privacy especially suited for those individuals who demand nothing less.
all listed lodges do offer private landing strips should one charter a private aircraft for the duration of the safari.namibia's most luxurious lodges
tanzania's most luxurious lodges 

on this page, we offer a collection of tanzania's most luxurious and expensive lodges that we offer on uyaphi.com. all establishments offer guests the utmost in privacy, luxury, service, amenities, location and, of course, pricing.
all of these luxurious safari establishments are suited for those individuals who demand nothing less than the absolute best.tanzania's most luxurious lodges
zimbabwe's most luxurious lodges 

a portfolio of the most luxurious and exclusive safari lodges, camps and hotels available in and around zimbabwe, lodges that can compete with the best in africa.
luxury establishments located in and around some of the countries' most iconic wildlife and scenic destinations, including; victoria falls, hwange national park, and mana pools on the lower zambezi river.
zimbabwe's most luxurious lodges
zambia most luxurious lodges 

the most exclusive, luxurious and expensive safari lodges and camps found in zambia, properties that have gone above and beyond what is expected by offering up the very best in privacy, location, rooms size, amenities, facilities, furnishings and design.
a showcase of the very best of what zambia has to offer all within some of the finest and most exclusive wildlife reserves in africa.zambia most luxurious lodges
kenya's most luxurious lodges 

kenya's most luxurious,  exclusive, private and expensive african safari lodges, camps and exclusive beach resorts found within kenya's famed national parks and game reserves.
a collection of establishments that all offer that wow factor and are designed for those who demand only the best and require the utmost privacy.kenya's most luxurious lodges



























catch us on

mood about us
whatshot safari blog
flight flights to africa
nature_people conference planning
add_circle_outline facebook
add_circle_outline instagram
add_circle_outline youtube
add_circle_outline x
add_circle_outline pinterest
add_circle_outline linkedin












about uyaphi.com
we at uyaphi.com are specialists in arranging tailor-made african holidays and safaris and have been doing so since 1999.
we are passionate about all of africa as well as creating that dream safari experience of a lifetime, so we invite you to experience one of the finest safari destinations on the african continent with us.
explore africa with us.











our guarantee

info no credit card surcharges
info no booking fee surcharges
info unbeatable prices
info 100% financial protection
info we partner only with the best
info uyaphi.com, made in south africa
info in business since 1999
info chat with our experts
info uyaphi.com is owner run
info emergency support 24-hour












contact us

our office hours :)
access_time mon - fri 8:30am to 5:30pm (cat)
access_time sat 8:30am to 12pm (cat)
phone tel: +27 (0) 87 898 8043

our address
po box 31178
tokai
cape town
western cape
south africa 7966
















copyright © 1999 - 2024 uyaphi.com more_vert all rights reserved more_vert copyright notice & user agreement more_vert booking terms and conditions



















