     acura dealership | new acura & used cars in fort myers, fl | scanlon acura                             

                                       scanlon acura        sales 239-441-2817    service 239-441-2803  parts 239-441-2878      14270 s tamiami trailfort myers, fl 33912                                             service        map        contact                      scanlon acura              call 239-441-2817   directions                  home   new   search new inventory   value your trade   pre-order today   fuel efficient vehicles   what is sh-awd?   the all new 2024 zdx type s     used   search used inventory   0.99% cpo event   certified pre-owned vehicles   pre-owned fuel efficient vehicles   carfax one owner   vehicles under 18k   nearly new vehicles   what is acura cpo   the scanlon preferred program     specials   new acura specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer incentives   military program     service & parts   service department   schedule service   shop tires   order parts   acura accelerated service   acura recall information   parts estore     research   research   electrified acura zdx and zdx type s   2025 acura adx   2025 acura mdx   2025 acura rdx   2025 acura integra   acura info center   highest rated v6 engines     finance   get pre-approved   payment calculator   extended coverages   finance department   lease or buy?     sell us your car   sell us your car   scanlon instant trade offer     about us   about us   why buy scanlon   buy online   meet our staff   remote services   scanlon community news   careers   community events   our blog   privacy policy     contact   contact   hours & directions                     home   new   search new inventory   value your trade   pre-order today   fuel efficient vehicles   what is sh-awd?   the all new 2024 zdx type s     used   search used inventory   0.99% cpo event   certified pre-owned vehicles   pre-owned fuel efficient vehicles   carfax one owner   vehicles under 18k   nearly new vehicles   what is acura cpo   the scanlon preferred program     specials   new acura specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer incentives   military program     service & parts   service department   schedule service   shop tires   order parts   acura accelerated service   acura recall information   parts estore     research   research   electrified acura zdx and zdx type s   2025 acura adx   2025 acura mdx   2025 acura rdx   2025 acura integra   acura info center   highest rated v6 engines     finance   get pre-approved   payment calculator   extended coverages   finance department   lease or buy?     sell us your car   sell us your car   scanlon instant trade offer     about us   about us   why buy scanlon   buy online   meet our staff   remote services   scanlon community news   careers   community events   our blog   privacy policy     contact   contact   hours & directions               






     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         




      disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                         










schedule service
schedule now










special offers
view specials










how to buy online
learn more



      search new inventory      search used inventory         





credit approval

 







trade appraisal

 







special offers

 







how to  buy online

 






credit approval 


trade appraisal 


special offers 


how to buy online 



        view model inventory     integra        mdx        rdx        tlx        zdx          



acura certified
pre-owned




shop certified







      


luxury accelerated service
scanlon acura offers acura accelerated service and repair, so you have access to the latest specialized technology and precise analysis from acura trained technicians who undergo regular, frequent training so they're always up-to-date on every component of your vehicle.
schedule service


       


acura dealership
in fort myers, fl
if you want to live life to the fullest in fort myers, naples, bonita springs, lehigh acres, and estero, you need a dependable automobile. fortunately, you can easily find the new or used car that's right for you by visiting scanlon acura. we have proudly served florida car buyers since we first opened our doors in 1981, and our enthusiastic staff would be glad to help you find your perfect car. you will find that shopping with us is a fun and easy solution for finding your next car.









sales hours     monday 8:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 8:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 8:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 8:00pm    friday 8:00am - 8:00pm     saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed  sales is open 12-4:00 pm the last sunday of the month!  

     




follow us!


                                 



          start your car buying journey
scanlon acura is the go-to new and used car dealership for shoppers from florida communities such as estero, lehigh acres, bonita springs, naples, and fort myers, and we can help you find your perfect car. we offer a variety of new acura models, as well as a massive selection of exciting pre-owned vehicles. visit us today so that we can serve you.


our history
we have been one of the top car dealers in fort myers for over 40 years, and our commitment to excellence has resulted in several different awards. a few of the many honors we have received include the acura client satisfaction award, acura no.1 client excellence award, and have been a cargurus top rated dealership for two years running.
scanlon acura is a part of the scanlon auto group, which has a long history of supporting the southwest florida community. we have a supported a wide array of worthwhile charities and organizations and are contributors to the american cancer society, children's hospital of southwest florida, boys and girls clubs of lee county, habitat for humanity of lee and hendry counties, united way-lee county and many other groups.


massive vehicle inventory
finding the right vehicle for you is a lot easier when you have a variety of choices, which is exactly what you'll get when you shop with us. we offer the hottest new acura models on the market today, all of which offer the features and performance that you want. some of our best acura automobiles include the rdx, mdx, tlx, integra, and zdx.
we are also your top destination for high-quality pre-owned vehicles. we have over 10 acres of pre-owned vehicles to choose from, and every one of our pre-owned automobiles features the affordable pricing that you need and deserve. check out our new and pre-owned inventory online or stop by our showroom to get help from one of our friendly sales representatives.


keep your car running
when you go out for a drive in your southwest florida community, you want to know that your acura will run the way that it should. fortunately, with help from our world-class service and parts team, keeping your car in like-new shape is easier than ever before.
our service staff has received acura-certified technical training, which means they possess the know-how to work on every vehicle that arrives on our lot. you can visit us for regularly scheduled service such as brake inspections or anytime you need a repair to restore your car's performance.

           any mpg listed is based on model year epa mileage ratings. use for comparison purposes only. your actual mileage will vary, depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle, driving conditions, battery pack age/condition (hybrid only) and other factors.      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | consent preferences | scanlon acura | 14270 s tamiami trail, fort myers, fl 33912 | sales: 239-441-2817            












  












                   