















news for christians - daily news summaries, op-eds, and study helps for the christian reader











      skip to main content
    












main navigation


classic sermons


news archive




















headlines, commentary, and bible articles at your fingertips daily.















time mag:  hamas frees three hostages as cease-fire holds
hamas-led militants released three male israeli hostages saturday and israeli forces began releasing hundreds of prisoners in return, in the latest indication that a fragile ceasefire that has paused fighting in the gaza strip but had teetered in recent days is holding.




 god’s hand in world events displayed dramatically in the land of israel
...nowhere is god’s orchestration of world events displayed more dramatically than in the land of israel. in fulfillment of prophecy, he allowed it to lie desolate for over 18 centuries. in fulfillment of prophecy, he has drawn his chosen people back to claim the land promised to abraham and his descendants.




cbn news:  8,000 students attend huge kentucky revival, 2,000 accept christ
a christian revival is stirring up once again on american college campuses through unite us – an evangelistic movement marked by salvations, water baptisms, and worship. at the university of kentucky...




stand to reason:  inerrancy--what it is and why it matters
what if you can’t trust the bible? what if the bible has errors? the answer to these questions about the bible’s reliability is at the heart of the christian’s confidence in god’s word. understanding and resolving the challenge of biblical inerrancy is crucial to maintaining the integrity of scripture.




 usaid has given millions to charities with ties to terrorist organisations
usaid has given millions of dollars to organisations in gaza controlled by hamas and funded charities that have also been linked to hamas and have promoted violently anti-semitic rhetoric.




am thinker:  we’re living through the biggest scandal of all time
all four of the biggest scandals in u.s. history have happened in just the past few years: (a) the cover-up of joe biden’s decline; (b) lawfare against trump; (c) the cover-up of hunter biden’s influence-peddling, and now; (d) billions wasted by many government agencies and revealed by elon musk and the...




christian post:  esv bible update includes 68 word edits
the english standard version (esv) bible is undergoing its first text update in nearly a decade, with revisions to 36 passages across 42 verses, the esv translation oversight committee announced.




proclaim & defend:  christian ministries and government funding
...many left-wing ngos received billions in federal aid, but among the left-wing appropriations were also billions in funding for the social efforts of more mainstream evangelical organizations.




 j.d. vance torched the european elite face-to-face in important speech
europe is obsessed with external threats but is so morally lost it isn’t even clear what it’s defending itself for any more, jd vance warned in an excoriating speech to the security elite on friday.




 young adults having sex much less frequently, male virginity increases
the share of young adults who say they have not had sex in the last year has skyrocketed in the past decade, while the virginity rate for young adult males has more than doubled, according to...




pj media:  new illustrations of 'woke' church follies 
...progressive theology and progressive politics often go hand in hand. this week, we’ll start with one of those instances where a pastor emphasized his progressivism a little too much...






















friday, february 14, 2025


sharper iron:  why roman catholicism is wrong about christ’s atonement
the roman catholic church is wrong about the sufficiency of christ’s atonement. in fact, it is so incorrect that her teaching on this matter is grave error that distorts the gospel.



harbingers:  australia nurses claim to deliberately harm jewish patients
two australian nurses were suspended after a video went viral showing them making threats against israeli patients. the nurses, employed at bankstown hospital in new south wales, were seen on...



newsmax:  mass layoffs begin across multiple federal agencies
termination emails have been sent in the past 48 hours to scores of government workers, mostly recently hired employees still on probation...further, the department of energy is set to lay off most or all of its estimated 2,000 probationary employees thursday...



 southern baptist ministry received biden refugee resettlement grants
why is the least-accountable southern baptist ministry using government money to fund boston “missions?” evangelicals were shocked this week to learn that many “ministries” are, in fact...



wash.stand:  terrorist organizations receive u.s. foreign aid through usaid
terror-linked organizations have received $164 million from the u.s. state department and the u.s. agency for international development (usaid). numerous terror-linked organizations have...



pnw:  ai and the rapid spread of the gospel
in an age where technology is revolutionizing nearly every aspect of life, a groundbreaking development is unfolding--artificial intelligence (ai) is accelerating bible translation, ensuring that more people than ever before can access the word of god in their native language. what once took decades to accomplish is now happening in a matter of months, thanks to ai-driven tools that streamline the translation process.



 uk christian school worker wins appeal after firing for criticism of lgbt
a christian former school employee in gloucestershire, england, has successfully appealed her dismissal over social media posts criticizing lgbt relationship teaching.



world mag:  christian healthcare worker defends religious rights
...but after 17 years on the job, kloosterman was fired in 2021 because she held firm to her religious beliefs regarding medical attempts to alter patients’ biological sex characteristics.



washington stand:  five transgender crimes you never heard about
the national media have reported numerous recent crimes — but concealed the lgbtq motivation of their perpetrators. a threat of radical lgbtq advocacy runs through these five crimes.



 egg purchase restrictions take effect at major us grocery stores
costco, kroger and whole foods are among the growing list of grocers that are putting a purchasing limit on eggs as supply shortages persist. 





thursday, february 13, 2025


 trump announces peace negotiations between ukraine and russia
official peace negotiations between ukraine and russia will begin soon.



justthenews:  catholic charities received billions from biden administration
according to new data, catholic charities branches across the united states collected over $2 billion in federal grants over the last four years of the biden administration...



 pastor says 'sometimes violence is necessary' in fight against trump
church takes down website amid backlash.



 rick warren's political interpretation of crucifixion draws christians' ire
saddleback church founder rick warren drew scorn on social media for implying that jesus christ would be a political centrist today because he was crucified between two thieves.



israel national news:  usaid funded terror states which killed us soldiers
usaid sent $9.3b to islamic terror states that killed 3,000 american soldiers.



prophecy news watch:  judge rules biblical teaching a threat to child's well-being, bans from church
in a stunning decision, a maine judge has ruled that a mother can't take her daughter to church--unless it is a church approved by her ex-boyfriend. the ruling has sparked significant controversy...



fight of faith:  the dark night of the soul
there is a time in every christian’s life when god begins removing the things we love.



proclaim & defend:  on warning presidents, truth, and justice
... while not beatifying trump, we should note that his basic worldview is miles closer to a biblical worldview than the outgoing leadership’s, which is the same thing as saying it is closer to reality.



the stream:  evangelicals shame wheaton college for its wokeness
wheaton betrays alumnus who faced attacks when he stood for the school’s biblical principles.



frontpage mag:  trump’s gaza vision
the middle east mold of the past 78 years must be broken.



rair:  exposing transgender medicalization and its links to violence
the transgender movement is a government-backed experiment that drugs, radicalizes, and mutilates children while systematically destroying sexual identity itself, unleashing a wave of violence that...



daily signal:  why super bowl lix was more significant than met the eye
in the showdown between the philadelphia eagles and kansas city chiefs, super bowl lix still surprised audiences with its pro-america themes throughout.





wednesday, february 12, 2025


harbingers:  the abandonment of truth comes with a painfully high cost
the 21st century is different from all other generations, at least in this way: we are living in the first era of an international attempt to suppress moral knowledge.



breitbart news:  netanyahu says hamas must return all hostages by noon saturday, or face ‘final defeat’



 trump creates task force to root out anti-christian bias in government
trump took direct aim at several key federal agencies, including the department of justice, the irs, and the fbi. and trump has appointed attorney general pam bondi to lead the task force.



cbn:  uk police target pro-lifer again for silently praying
...the police officer explained that the "mere presence" of this pro-life volunteer constitutes "harassment, alarm and distress" for simply standing alone, praying silently. 



core christianity:  christian liberty or church unity?
...because we value diversity and liberty over unity, the unity in the life and practice of a church is often pushed to the side or sacrificed for the sake of personal opinions. but is this right?



by faith:  how city planning impacts congregations
...city planning can change the way we get to church and the place of church in our communities. 



lifeway:  nine encouraging trends for global christianity in 2025
when we expand our vision globally, we see several trends that give us good news...



zambia hunt:  perseverance is the greater part of missionary work
perseverance is essential for fulfilling god’s calling. from william carey’s patient plodding to david livingstone’s unwavering vision, we see timeless lessons for modern missionary ministry.



tgc:  the sports betting house always wins. but who loses? we all do
...unfortunately, many contemporary christians view sports betting as harmless...but the gambling industry is a predatory, profits-over-people enterprise that’s fostering a cultural crisis—leading to...



american thinker:  learning about abe lincoln
...no one is indispensable in a democracy...but lincoln was the closest to indispensable in u.s. history!



newsmax:  27 religious groups sue trump admin over immigration raids
...lawsuit challenges move giving immigration agents to make arrests at houses of worship.



cbn news:  facing shocking antisemitism, british jews prepare to leave
...most british jews now believe they no longer have a future here. recent polling has also found that most hide their jewishness in public and do not feel welcome in the united kingdom.





tuesday, february 11, 2025


 tennessee pastor issues call for violence against musk, trump
“no one likes violence, but sometimes violence is necessary. when elon musk...threatens to steal your personal information...there is the possibility of violence. sometimes... you have no choice but to fight!”



 canadian minister calls for removal of ‘savior’ from core christian beliefs
'reverend' argues for removal of the word “savior” to describe jesus because it is a “stumbling block.”



ap:  trump calls for ceasefire end after hamas delays hostage release
president trump said monday that a precarious ceasefire agreement between israel and hamas should be canceled if hamas doesn’t release all the remaining hostages it is holding in gaza by saturday...



daily signal:  yes, anti-christian bias is real
critics often dismiss the idea of anti-christian bias. after all, about 63% of americans self-identify as christian...how could the government be biased against the majority of americans?



proclaim & defend:  developing a christian perspective about ai
...ai is rapidly becoming commonplace....ai may be the newest thing, but it is only one in a galaxy of life-altering technologies with which we interact constantly.



fight of faith:  three ways to examine our backsliding
...it is of great importance to ascertain whether our backslidings are the sinful infirmities of a sincere godly man, or the conscious rebellion of a willful hypocrite.here is some advice...



newsmax:  defense secretary hegseth blocks gender surgeries in military
defense secretary pete hegseth issued a memo on monday blocking people with gender dysphoria from joining the military and ending gender transition surgery for service members.



 boko haram kills pastor sleeping in his bed, two other christians in nigeria
suspected militants of islamic extremist group boko haram killed a pastor at his home in gombe state, nigeria on sunday, as violence continued to terrorize the country’s northeast, sources said.



christian post:  john macarthur released from hospital after surgery
john macarthur has been released from the hospital following complications during his recovery from heart and lung surgeries. he is now recovering at home, as confirmed by a leader at grace to you.



 national guard officer sues over alleged 'no christians in command' policy
an army national guard officer is suing idaho's republican gov. brad little and two senior military officials, alleging he was unlawfully removed from command due to his christian beliefs.



newsmax:  support wanes for trans military members
support for transgenders in the american military is dropping, according to a new gallup poll. it showed that 58% approved, but that dropped sharply from 71% in 2019 and 66% in 2021





monday, february 10, 2025


gateway pundit:  lord’s prayer twisted to bend to transgender agenda
the lord’s prayer is one of the most powerful and comforting ways to connect with god.  but it seems it does bend adequately enough to the woke trans agenda, according to some unhappy activists.



wash.stand:  fbi targeted christians, ignored islamist threats, says advisor
... “it’s not just mission drift. it’s mission chaos. and the only way we can undo that is by putting a focus [on] these agencies to undo the harm that has been done.”



fox news:  boy scouts of america change name to be more 'inclusive'
nine months after announcing a name change was coming, the boy scouts of america on saturday officially became 'scouting america,' in an effort to "meet the evolving needs of young people."



desiring god:  god forms us through failure
...we should remember that, as sinners by nature, we are all well acquainted with failure. our imperfection reminds us of our need for christ’s perfection. we need his righteousness on our behalf...



 reflecting on an nfl season of players boldly sharing their faith
...the nfl’s culture is changing. more players are displaying humility and gratitude--wirh a noticeable increase in the number of players who are boldly sharing their faith in jesus christ.

















featured articles





desiring god:  missions in a microwave world
...does the bible promise that fast-growing church-planting movements will happen in your community if only you use the right methods? be cautious of any training that assures you what god will do— especially as it relates to the conversion of souls. we can only claim promises god has made in the bible... only god can give new life in conversion and growth as christ’s disciples. as the bible teaches, we get to play an instrumental role in evangelism...but we should be wary of predicting specific results or...






 math, the biblical worldview, and the mystery of god
question: how does a biblical worldview ground math? is math a reflection of the mind of god (which we recognize because his creation is orderly, and to some degree reflects his nature)—similar to laws of logic being a reflection of the perfect mind of god? answer: first some groundwork: it seems highly presumptuous for us to assume that something reflects the mind of god, when the only way we can truly know the mind of god is through what he has told us in his word.






 trump's quasi-messianic status is deeply troubling
as a conservative christian who has supported donald trump and believes he is the best candidate for our nation’s political future, i find myself increasingly uneasy with the way some in the christian community have elevated him to a quasi-messianic status. while i deeply appreciate his policies, achievements and boldness in confronting challenges, christians must maintain a clear distinction between political leadership and spiritual authority. the idea of any earthly leader fulfilling messianic prophecy is...






center for baptist leadership:  donald trump and the return of natural law
donald trump described the beginning of his second term as the start of america’s “golden age.” while it may be too early to confirm such a declaration, it is becoming increasingly clear that the “politics of joy” promised by kamala harris is in fact being ushered in by trump. what accounts for this “vibe shift” is not the result of trump’s personal demeanor——but rather the rational foundations upon which his policies rest.  while biden's policies rejected sound reason, trump's agenda returns governance to the moorings of natural law.






ligonier:  the secret of sanctification
...few things trouble the soul of the child of god as much as the presence of indwelling sin and the sober realization of the inability of the flesh to overcome it. true believers often come to the end of themselves and cry out: “wretched man that i am! who will deliver me from this body of death?” (rom. 7:24). christians grieve over sin and spiritual weakness. they long for victory over it...god’s word reveals that the work of christ is the source of pardon for sin as well as the source of power to overcome it.






public discourse:  emerging tech and religious freedom
like their secular counterparts, religious organizations have rapidly embraced digital and ai technologies. some have placed them at the very core of their religious mission. whether it’s sophisticated data analysis on donor behavior or faith-infused chatbots, many organizations see technology as simply another tool: another way to spread their message, make disciples, minister to the faithful, and build support for their missions.  yet where technology goes, regulation soon follows.






am reformer:  religious liberty at america’s founding
the relationship between church and state and the level of religious toleration that should be granted to various religious groups at america’s founding is not as settled as many might think today. the legacy of thomas jefferson’s “wall of separation” between church and state often led people to assume that at the founding, there was unanimity in desiring a rigid exclusion of religion from all affairs of state. history by no means supports this supposition.












online sources

breitbart 
rantingly
cbn news 
rapture ready news 
premier ch.news
daily caller 
revolver 
world mag
red state 
pj media
time mag
city journal 
citizen free press
townhall 
the federalist 
american thinker
frontpage 
american greatness
free beacon 
daily signal 
the stream 
realclear politics
daily wire 
brownstone 
zerohedge 
prophecynewswatch
faithwire 
wnd news center
am family news
noah report
off the press
liberty daily 
news ammo
end time headlines 
dnyuz 
church leaders 
mere orthodoxy 
right bias 
ch research network 
kairos journal 
aquila report
persecution news 
missionnetworknews
protestia 
evdarkweb
just the news 
not the bee 
creation.com
answers in genesis
israel 365
israfan 
all israel
jerusalem post 
post millennial
biblicalcounseling
law & liberty 
pewresearchcenter
american reformer
canada free press 
indpndnt sentinel
legal insurrection
world net daily 
western journal 
todd starnes 
gcdiscipleship
btfl christian life
writtenforinstruction
irdb
cns news
lifenews
amy l.travis
foundationecoed
rair
 
newsmax 
christian post 
harbingers daily
washington stand
church answers
lifeway research
gateway pundit 
america first 
headline usa 
sharper iron
hot air 
wash examiner 
new york post
public discourse
most imp. news
newsbusters 
if studies
patriot post
am conservative 
logos 
christ over all
amac newsline
religionunplugged
truthscript
discern report 
baptist ldrshp
rooted thinking 
proclaim & defend 
founders.org
desiring god blog 
for the church 
tabletalk mag
open the bible
tim challies 
core christianity
masters seminary 
the fight of faith
justin huffman
michael kelley
reformation21 
9marks blog 
ligonier
david cloud 
upi
reuters
instapundit
powerline 
providence mag 
ministry watch
baptist press
msn news
log college
christianswant2know 
kent brandenburg 
equipindianchurches
crossway articles
southern equip 
cripplegate 
knowable word 
randy alcorn
trevin wax 
gentlereformation
bible mesh
stand to reason
paul tautges 
tifwe blog
fox news
intellctl takeout 
rns news
ccw today
maggie's farm 
crosswalk 
theology & life 
editor's disclaimer
be advised that some of the viewpoints espoused on this page may not be held by the editor.  news for christians is a news digest, pulling links from all over the web.  we do not endorse all sites linked on this page or agree with the views of those sites. we choose these links to inform christians of the issues of the day.  we do our best to link to bible articles that represent biblical truth, but some articles may not reflect the editor's beliefs or practices. please use discretion when reading these articles and always defer to your local bible-believing church.
note: we cannot control ads that may appear on websites other than our own.
e-mail the editor
 

















    © 2024 newsforchristians.com
  




















