


openfx










   welcome 





     to openfx - 3d modelling, animation and rendering... >>
  






















   update 





     openfx 2.4 enhanced image mapping and character animation... >>
  












news
about
tutorials
gallery
resources
building
developer
download
mail
 






























25.07.2021
install file restored and new host. -- posted by webmaster.
 



the install file has been restored to the website.  openfx is now hosted on its own server. response might be a little slower than before. 



09.04.2017
updated build and inclusion of websites for book our graphics book and our book on virtual reality. -- posted by webmaster.
 



an updated build and the inclusion of the website for our books "practical algorithms for 3d computer graphics.  www.openfx.org/pa3dgofx  and "hitchhikers guide to virtual reality.  www.openfx.org/hhgvr  



027.08.2015
minor addition. -- posted by webmaster.
 



a new build is available - with some small additions that improve the importation of .obj files and animation sequences. the renderer also has an additional flag on the control page to turn on/off (on by default) the caching of models loaded between frames. 



07.03.2015
minor revisions. -- posted by webmaster.
 



a new build is available - with some fixes for the general object file importer and improved stl export (binary) that uses openfx's coordinate units. this will enable the design module to build objects that can be instantiated on a 3d printer without re-scaling. 



01.02.2015
minor revisions. -- posted by webmaster.
 



a few minor changes to inmprove the efficiency of the ray-tracing renderer and vertex selection in the designer. 



12.08.2014
new source and build files. -- posted by webmaster.
 



the tools used to build openfx have been updated with build files for visual studio  2003.net (the original build tools) vs-2008, vs-2010 and vs-2013 (any of these tools can now be used to build openfx.) the binary release is now build with visual studio 2010. please note that some 3rd party libraries and the microsoft windows sdk version 6.1 (baseclasses) are required for openfx). the 3rd party libaries are: the 3d studio export library, the assimp general 3d format import library and the visualization toolkit). we include our build of these libraries for download from the web site.) 



01.08.2014
additional file format input. -- posted by webmaster.
 



additional 3d model data format  collada(dae)/wavefront/x/lightwave ca be imported into the designer. these new importers use the "open asset import library" (assimp) to provide the functionality. if you want to build the generalinput dll file you will need to use visual studeio 2008 or later, and a compatible version of the assimp library built into a static library (and you will need to adjust include paths as appropriate). the assimp library can be obtained from  assimp.sourceforge.net 



19.05.2014
revised bone skinning algorithm. -- posted by webmaster.
 



a revised algorithm has been installed in the renderer to perform "mesh skinning" over the skeleton when a robot actor is animated. the full details are available in the revised "rubbre bones/skeleton" pages in the help files or in the documents section of the web site. rubber bones and mesh skinning 



28.04.2014
new 3ds mesh importer. -- posted by webmaster.
 



a new 3ds mesh importer based on the  3dsftk library give a much improved import of 3ds meshes. appropriate image maps and materials are created as well as correctly aligned surface image map textures. 



03.03.2014
some additions to the gallery with model files. -- posted by webmaster.
 



an image of a stuart engine and the model and animation files been added to the gallery. 



11.02.2014
some updates to the gallery. -- posted by webmaster.
 



some images from a collection of a user's models has been added to the gallery. 



31.01.2014
update to release version 2.4 -- posted by webmaster.
 



this new version includes some bug fixes - to the postprocessor (flames and atmosphere), and the html help files. an updated non-windows renderer is included with much better operation. no documentation is ready yet for this. 



16.12.2013
update to release version 2.4 -- posted by webmaster.
 



this new version includes a bug fix in the animator to the robot editor windows that caused a crash if the tool was started twice by an accelerator key. the robot opengl window has also been augmented to draw all the object vertices in addition to the bone's bounding boxes (see new icon on the toolbar for this option.) two new menu commands have been adde to assist in character animation. time shift the keyframes of the selected actor and displace all the movement keyframes for the selected actor. the shift values are specified in terms of the current coordinates. 



15.12.2013
cross-platform renderer code -- posted by webmaster.
 



the folder renderg and associated makefiles are added to the source code - this (work still in progress) code allows the renderer to be executed on non-windows platforms. it has been tested in ubuntu linux and mac osx. work will continue. 



24.10.2013
new release version 2.4 -- posted by stuart.
 



this new version includes some updates to the code and its documentation. the main change is the ability to render stereoscopic images and movies. the renderere control dialog contains a new tick box to render stereo ouptut to either jps or left over right avi files. the camera settings in the animator specifies the eye separation and the parallax depth. 



19.08.2013
update with additional stereoimage viewer. -- posted by stuart.
 



a new imagepreviewer applciation that will present anaglyph stereopsis images using red/cyan, green/magenta and amber/blue system. 



11.05.2013
source update. -- posted by stuart.
 



additional documentation has been created for the animator code and there are some small bug fixes. a new download of the lastest build has been posted. a source update update will be posted soon. 



17.03.2013
source update. -- posted by stuart.
 



additional commenting has been added to the renderer code, specifically in the windows user interface code.. 



14.02.2013
new release. -- posted by stuart.
 



updated distribution and source. there are no user changes. the source code has had major changes to improve its layout and a new source code download is also available. the svn code reflects the revisions. 



28.01.2013
developer documentation. -- posted by stuart.
 



the doxygen documentation has been updated to include a full spec of the main data structures.. 



17.01.2013
developer documentation. -- posted by stuart.
 



the documentation on "how to develop plug-ins" is complete. see the developers' page for details. the first verion of the source code documentation is now available on the developers' page. it is estimated that it will take from 6 to 9 months to complete this task. 



06.01.2013
website update. -- posted by stuart.
 



the web site has been re-organised to allow documentation on how to write plugins for openfx to be posted. this will occur gradually over the next few weeks. 



14.12.2012
source distribution updated. -- posted by karen.
 



the source code zip archive as been updated to reflect the recent december installation release. 



10.12.2012
help files updated. -- posted by stuart.
 



the html help files used by openfx have been updated to provide information about the new features. a new gallery iamge and animation have been added. a tutorial on using the rubberbones has been added. 



03.12.2012
december release -- posted by stuart.
 



the monthly release (build 11955) is now available. this includes a minor fix in the designer shrink wrap function. 
 also, the "insert skeleton" tutorial is now complete.
 



29.11.2012
additional background material -- posted by stuart.
 



new documents on the openfx approach to 3d animation and modelling, particle systems the ray-tracing renderer, and character animation. 



28.11.2012
exporting character animation for virtools -- posted by karen.
 



a document explaining how to use openfx to create characters and character animation sequences for virtools (the virtual reality environment.) 



20.11.2012
robot sequence tutorial -- posted by stuart.
 



the robot sequence tutorial is now complete. 



18.11.2012
shrink wrap tutorial -- posted by stuart.
 



the shrink wrapping tutorial is now complete. 



15.11.2012
new tutorials -- posted by stuart.
 



in the next round of tutorial additions we plan to cover rubber bones, shrink wrapping, paint maps, export and using robots and particle systems. 



06.11.2012
designer gallery addition -- posted by stuart.
 



information about additional features in the image map painting in the designer has been added to the designer gallery. 



25.10.2012
openfx and windows 8 -- posted by stuart.
 



openf/x is compatible with windows 8 and will install to a desktop tile as well as all the other usual elements. 



18.10.2012
openfx 2.3 released -- posted by stuart.
 



openfx is back! we are currently updating the openfx.org website. in the mean time refer to the queen's university web site at openfx 



04.06.2012
version 2.2. released -- posted by stuart.
 



an updated version of openfx (2.2) is available. this includes some new items and improved features.e.g.  more efficient ray-tracing, a new bones and weights systems for character animation and an improved mapping coordinate painting system.  there are also additional imaging effects. 18th april 2012:
 



04.10.2010
version 2.1 released -- posted by stuart.
 



 an updated version of openfx (2.1) will be available soon. this includes several new feature in the designer module and a revised ray-tracer module that is more efficent.
 20th november 2010:
 



04.6.2009
version 2.1 released -- posted by stuart.
 



 20th november 2010:
 an updated version of openfx (2.04) has been posted on the web site. 
 the designer stores the selection state of each vertex in the .mfx file. this enables you to retain the hidden state of parts of a model during editing sessions.  it does not affect the visibility during rendering.
 some other minor bug fixes have been implemented.
 



15.09.2007
openfx 2.0 released -- posted by anil madhavapeddy.
 



the final version of openfx 2.0 has been released and is available for download with the source code.  an updated user manual and tutorial is also present on the resources page to get y ou started with this new release.  enjoy! 



30.06.2007
openfx 2.0 beta3 bugfix and source release available -- posted by anil madhavapeddy.
 



the third beta of openfx 2.0 is available as a bugfix release for download, along with source code.  as before, be careful not to permanently overwrite your old model files from openfx 1.x when experimenting with this beta release. 



20.05.2007
openfx 2.0 beta2 available, with hardware gpu rendering -- posted by anil madhavapeddy.
 



the long-awaited update to openfx to include hardware rendering is now available for download, with the following changes:  source built with visual studio solution files. experimental hardware gpu rendering.  many (not all) programmable shaders are working.  a few of these are nvidia hardware specific and ati hardware is known to have issues with, for example, the blisters shader. a particle actor is installed which only works with the gpu renderer.  effects include flames, clouds, sparks, inferno, moving fire and fluids flowing from a pipe. ofx model formats changed to accommodate maps and materials. in this new regime each polygon/face can have an image map and a material applied to it. the old openfx 1.x face descriptions can still be used for basic properties like colour and smoothing but all the texturing must now be done through the materials. image mapping has been significantly changed with some of the attributes that previously were attached to individual faces now applied to the image map itself (e.g tiling or shading). all vertices now carry image map coordinates. the new model files now embed the image maps directly, so there is no need to store them separately. we strongly recommend that you do not erase or overwrite any of your older model or animation files from openfx 1.x and make new copies of them for use with the 2.x beta.  



06.11.2006
minimal openfx 1.7 now also available -- posted by anil madhavapeddy.
 



for the more bandwidth-challenged among you, a minimal download of openfx 1.7 without the example files is now also available from the download section. 



03.11.2006
openfx 1.7 released -- posted by anil madhavapeddy.
 



openfx 1.7 is now available from the download section.  this is a maintainance release, consisting primarily of bug-fixes.  a feature release will hopefully be available around christmas. 



05.02.2006
openfx forum available -- posted by anil madhavapeddy.
 



some enterprising openfx users (thanks jodie reynolds!) have set up an on-line forum as an alternative to the mailing lists.  this should be a much easier way for people to swap their 3d works of art, so register straight away!  the forum is accessible at www.openfxforum.org, and has been added to the site sidebar as well. 



22.09.2005
openfx 1.5 released, with environment mapping support -- posted by anil madhavapeddy.
 



openfx 1.5 is now available from our download section, including example files and sample image maps for the new features.
 the gallery also contains movies illustrating them in action.
 
new plugin animation effect for more realistic wave meshes for water modelling
new cubic environment mapping support
misc bug fixes





14.09.2004
pdf manual and tutorial available -- posted by anil madhavapeddy.
 



stuart ferguson has assembled a convenient couple of pdf documents of the manual and tutorial for those of you who like a printed reference while
 using openfx.  you can grab them from the resources page.
 



22.07.2004
openfx 1.1 released! -- posted by anil madhavapeddy.
 



dr. stuart ferguson has announced that a new version of openfx is available for download.
 this version fixes some minor bugs and adds a major feature of stereography
 support.
 
on supported hardware (with a 3-pin din plug) and opengl left/right
 buffering capability you can visualise your model animations and make 3d movies in stereo
the opengl window in the designer animator has been extended to support a stereo flag on the opengl window.
in the animator module you select the parallax separation via a slider
in the ofxview.exe program you can make your models spin with 3d depth perception
if you render two flc files for left and right eye views you can use the ggplay.exe
 utility to play back the movies in stereo. try out the example stereo animations in the
 record deck and the underwater_stereo file
a directdraw player ddplay.exe is also included in the distribution so that
 flc and avi movies rendered with ofx can be played back in full screen mode





21.07.2004
site upgrade, mailing lists fixed -- posted by anil madhavapeddy.
 



thanks to dominic ludlam, the site now runs off statically generated pages, allowing us to switch to a faster web
 server.  also, the mailing lists are now fixed and operational again.
 



23.05.2003
3d graphics book by author of openfx -- posted by anil madhavapeddy.
 



if you are interested in learning more about the fundamentals of 3d graphics, then don't forget that stuart ferguson (the author of openfx) has written a book
 titled "practical algorithms
 for 3d computer graphics".  you can order the book from the publisher
 a.k.peters.
 



08.10.2002
metashape plugin available -- posted by dominic ludlam.
 



rodney butrymowicz has written another great designer plugin, implementing a metashape modelling plugin.  it's available now from
 the plugins page.
 



01.10.2002
smooth subdivision plugin available -- posted by dominic ludlam.
 



rodney butrymowicz has written a smooth subdivide plugin for the design module, available from the
 plugins page.
 



29.01.2002
minimal installation available -- posted by anil madhavapeddy.
 



a small, minimal installation of openfx is available that weighs in at a mere 4mb. it doesn't include a lot of the sample textures and images that the full version does.
 you can download it here!
 



20.07.2001
nurbs image contributed to the gallery -- posted by dominic ludlam.
 



melissa hall has contributed a a nice demonstration of what can be achieved using nurbs.  check them out in the
 image gallery.
 



20.06.2001
more animations added -- posted by dominic ludlam.
 



another extremely impressive animation from rodney butrymowicz has been added to the gallery.
 this time it demonstrates the 'cloth draping' effect which models a deformable material
 being dropped onto a hard surface.
 



16.05.2001
physics simulation animations added to the gallery -- posted by dominic ludlam.
 



rodney butrymowicz has sent in a demonstration of the physics simulation code he developed for the original softfx.  check out the
 animations in the gallery.  this looks like
 a very impressive addition supporting many features such as many different forces
 (eg. electromagnetic, gravity, muscles, drag) and a motion constraint system.
 



05.05.2001
french tutorials now available! -- posted by dominic ludlam.
 



jean-luc songa butera has translated all the openfx tutorials into french!  they are available at the tutorials page.  a list
 of available languages is displayed at the top of each tutorial so choose your tutorial
 then choose your language.
 



13.04.2001
more imagemaps added -- posted by dominic ludlam.
 



chris cothrun has created some very nice cloudy sky images that you can use in your animations.  they are available in the imagemap
 resources page.
 



20.03.2001
animator shortcut documents available -- posted by dominic ludlam.
 



keith kelly has submitted his animator keyboard shortcut documentation
 which is now available in the resources page.
 



12.03.2001
more resources available -- posted by dominic ludlam.
 



we now have a new image map section in the resources page which contains collections of
 image maps for use in your animations and
 models.  we also have a
 new tutorial available.
 



09.03.2001
more resources available -- posted by dominic ludlam.
 



the resources page has been updated with many more resources for users of openfx.  recent additions include more tutorials, a new plugin
 repository thanks to stuart and documentation of
 key bindings in openfx thanks to
 keith kelly.
 



18.02.2001
resources page added -- posted by dominic ludlam.
 



i've added a new resources page.  this will grow into a collection of useful information and material for users of openfx.
 as usual, contributions are most welcome, so if you have anything interesting
 related to openfx that you'd like to share with the community, please
 let us know!
 



13.02.2001
mirror sites update -- posted by nick.
 



we now have our main us mirror site available once again, after the sheer volume of requests made it necessary to perform some system
 maintainance on the machine itself. also, we have noticed a number
 of europe-based users connecting to castaway, who would be better
 served from prune. in order to make this clearer, prune.flirble.org
 is now marked as a european mirror site instead of a uk one.
 



11.02.2001
development pages are available -- posted by dominic ludlam.
 



i've just put up the beginnings of our development pages, so if you're interested in contributing to openfx, check them out.  more
 information will be added to them soon - watch this space!
 



11.02.2001
new mirror site added -- posted by dominic ludlam.
 



suso banderas had very kindly donated some web space and bandwidth to mirror openfx.  the links are in our
 downloads page so if you've been having trouble getting
 openfx, please try again.
 



10.02.2001
ftp connection problems -- posted by nick.
 



we're currently suffering a little from all the recent publicity, so if you're having difficulty connecting to the ftp servers, please be patient. if you retry in a couple
 of hours, you may have better luck.
 



10.02.2001
download problems solved -- posted by anil madhavapeddy.
 



we got a bit overwhelmed by the number of download requests that came through to our main ftp site, and were forced to take it down as the leased line got saturated.
 the mirror sites kindly provided by flirble
 are now up and running, and should hopefully work fine.  if not, please drop the
 users list a line, and we'll try to work it out.
 



09.02.2001
installation hint -- posted by anil madhavapeddy.
 



if you are installing the 1.0 binary release. you have to install it in the root folder of the drive for the moment, so that the example paths don't get mixed up.
 for example d:\openfx is fine.  this is being looked at for the next
 version, so that the absolute file-paths can be replaced with something relative.
 



09.02.2001
openfx-1.0 released! -- posted by anil madhavapeddy.
 



here we go!  the first 1.0 release of openfx is here!  proceed to the downloads page and grab 
 yourself a copy!  we have made full and cut-down binary versions available, and 
 they have a nice installshield interface to make it easy to install.
 don't forget to read through the extensive help (which will soon be online), 
 and feel free to join our mailing lists with your
 thoughts.
 



21.01.2001
first release imminent -- posted by anil madhavapeddy.
 



stuart just dropped me the latest copy of the openfx source-code, and i will import it into cvs, and place the 1.0 version
 of the binaries and sourcecode onto the ftp site for download.  keep your eyes peeled!
 



15.01.2001
binary beta released to public -- posted by anil madhavapeddy.
 



a full binary snapshot of openfx for the win32 platform is now available, complete with installshield interface to make for easy installation, and a 
 good collection of sample models and animations.  please proceed to the 
 downloads section for the list of ftp sites you
 can retrieve it from.
 



10.01.2001
openfx website up and running! -- posted by anil madhavapeddy.
 



after a bit of delay, we're pleased to unveil the new openfx website for your browsing pleasure.  it is still very much under development, 
 but many thanks for the hard work that salman
 and dominic ludlam put in to make this site pleasant
 on the eyes, and easy to update.  if you have any problems with it, please
 contact webmaster@openfx.org with your queries.















    





     
  





