


kansas city bed and breakfast, kansas city mo bed and breakfast










































































































 


















 






 



watch su casa's facebook page for specials.  you are welcome to visit this spacious mid-century, completely renovated kansas city bed and breakfast. our romantic, family friendly and pet friendly missouri b&b is situated on a spacious five-acre lot at the farthest edge of the city, still only a 15-minute drive to the many exciting attractions that kansas city, mo has to offer. the simple beauty of nature, midwestern charm, with a touch of southwestern decor , combines with updated technological conveniences to make your missouri vacation truly unforgettable!  

									 
									



 what sets su casa apart from typical hotel lodging are the fun and varied on-site amenities and activities that registered guests may enjoy.  during your stay at our kansas city inn, you can relax in a jetted tub (sedona room and santa fe room), a hot tub (cancun room), swim in the 18x36' in-ground pool, enjoy yourself in the game room, or view a recent movie in the in-home theater .   you can even watch the antics of the resident llamas, goats, ponies, miniature donkeys, ducks and geese, or just relax in the privacy of your own room watching cable television or reading in front of the fireplace. 
 the southwestern theme blends artwork, furniture and pottery from mexico, the american west, and native-america. the generous breakfasts at su casa are quite an experience. served family style, breakfast includes fruit, several hot entrees, meats, and baked goods ranging from country style to gourmet. the innkeeper willingly accommodates various food allergies and preferences, with advance notice.  and now - to keep everyone cozy in the winter - brand new electric fireplaces in every room! every registered guest is welcome here.   mi casa es su casa...my house is your house!  






 










































 














  25th anniversary premium redemption
																								

 gift certificates
																								

 offered through bed & breakfast inns of missouri
																								

 and accepted by su casa bed & breakfast 
																								

																								as a long-time member of bed and breakfast inns of missouri (bbim), su casa proudly accepts bbim gift certificates.  if you have an unredeemed bbim gift certificate, its value has just increased by 25%!  click here for details on how to convert your existing gift certificate to a premium voucher.  http://www.bbim.org/gift-certificates.htm#voucher.
																								

																								also - in celebration of bbim's 25th anniversary, it is now offering new premium redemption gift certificates, which will be redeemed at 125% of face value for a limited time, when purchased online.
																								

																								so make your purchase or claim your premium on an existing bbim gift certificate now!  this offer is only good from may 1, 2013 to april 30, 2014.  click here for details:  http://www.bbim.org/gift-certificates.htm#voucher. 
																								

																								 ~~~~~~~~~~~~
																								

																								summer news:  su casa's beautiful 18x36' swimming pool is open every year between may and october.  umbrella tables and chairs, lounge chairs, various flotation devices, and water basketball are all available.  beach towels are furnished.
																								

																								the two-night weekend minimum is still in effect for the cancun room, and it is sporting a brand new bathroom this year.  the santa fe room has a 60" wide shower, in addition to its jetted bathtub for two.  please make your reservation soon before this room requires a two-night weekend minimum.
																								

view a guest's video of the su casa b&b













































 



						enjoy all the guest amenities at su casa!


su casa b&b is reserved for registered guests only.  we respectfully request that guests do not invite non-guests to visit the inn.





						 
						




 
beautiful in-ground swimming pool, where registered guests can swim, tan, or play in the summer.


 
 


 
enjoy eating, drinking or just relaxing on your own spacious, separate deck. each deck includes a table and chairs  - the santa fe room and the sedona room.


 
 


 
 the cancun room. decorated in tropical style, similar to the beautiful rooms on the mexican riviera. the cancun room has a beautiful spa room with a hot tub for your private pleasure. reserve now!


 
 


 
a comfortable, in-home movie theater with electric fireplace, where you can view both recent and classic movies with surround sound and even practice karaoke, if you choose. (all rooms have cable television and dvd/vcr or both; all guest rooms now have new 32" flat screen televisions.)


 
 


 
enjoy a beach, biking and hiking trails, boating and people watching at nearby longview lake. picnic lunch can be prepared for you upon request.  
									 







please click on photo for a larger view.


become a fan of su casa b&b on facebook and follow us on pinterest.  


take advantage of our facebook specials.


www.sucasabb.com/facebook





travelers' reviews for su casa b&b on bedandbreakfast.com


');																																																																																										
						
						 												

						 
						













  




































































 


su casa bed and breakfast
lois hoover, innkeeper
						9004 e. 92nd street kansas city, missouri 64138
(816) 965-5647 (residence)
						                          (816) 916-3444 (cell phone) 
						                          (866) 965-5647 (toll free)                                   


need uk car insurance you can pay for monthly? click here for cheapest uk car insurance

						website design, hosting & promotion by gavin 

























