


travel affiliates ~ home

























































































 










												disney ticket perks
located in the heart of the 
												sunshine state, walt disney world is considered the #1 
												entertainment capital of the world. disney offers a brand 
												new fantasy world that guests from all walks of life can enjoy.  with 
												disney ticket perks, now you can celebrate four spectacular theme parks 
												with magic-your-way tickets. there is no other place on earth where you can 
												both dream and have your dreams really come true. at disney, indulge in 
												amazing shopping,  two incredible water parks,  upscale 
												dining, disney magic,  theme-parks galore,  and much more.  
												no wonder lifes imaginable moments are made so much more special in the middle 
												of disney magic.
at the magic kingdom discover classic disney magic 
												that you can believe in. there is never a boring moment at disney as you save 
												the galaxy with buzz lightyear,  take a trip at mickey's philharmagic, set 
												sail on peter pan's flight, and enjoy high-energy music while you dream along 
												with mickey.
since we 
											
buy orlando tickets  for theme parks in huge 
												quantities.   we are able to sell them at a discounted price. 
												you can take advantage of our buying power and make some savings. the discount 
												tickets that we sell are exactly the same as the tickets you would buy at the 
												gate - they are just cheaper.
you can order online 24/7. our credit card ordering is state of 
												the art and completely safe. we operate a zero tolerance to spam. the only 
												email you will get from us will be about your order.
											
unlike many internet ticket sellers we don't ask for 48 hours 
												notice to process your order. we have tickets in stock. you can order today and 
												pick them up today - no problem!
we are not shy about telling you our address - it's right there 
												on every page. you can buy from us with confidence.
discount disney tickets
disney 
														tickets will be high on your shopping list. disney tickets 
												are high on our shopping list too! we buy disney tickets in bulk direct from 
												disney world.
											
a vacation to orlando would not be complete without a visit to 
												the disney theme parks so we know that disney tickets will represent a large 
												chunk of your vacation budget.
											
we can offer discount disney tickets with all options from 3 to 
												10 day tickets. we also stock one and two day disney tickets but these disney 
												tickets are not discounted. disney theme park ticket are called magic your way.



















universal orlando

orlando tickets

dinner shows

													thrifty car rental



 










